===== 2025 Q3  (2025-04-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands third quarter fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matthew Nieses, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Conagra Brands. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
Matthew Nieses: Once again, I'm joined this morning by Sean Connolly, our CEO, and Dave Marberger, our CFO. We may be making some forward-looking statements and discussing non-GAAP financial measures during this session. Please see our earnings release, prepared remarks, presentation materials, and filings with the SEC which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website for more information, including descriptions of our risk factors, GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, and information on our comparability items.
Operator: I'll now ask the operator to introduce the first question.
Operator: The first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. I guess, Sean, I realized there's still one quarter to go in the fiscal year, macro dynamics. You know, make for obviously a super challenging environment in which to forecast. I think but CACNY, you mentioned a few items as it related to fiscal 2026.
Sean Connolly: Including the higher brand spending already being in the base for next year, 4% of cost of goods as productivity, and a fifty-third week. With the wildcard, I think, being where inflation lands. So I was hoping, I guess, you could at least bring us through your thoughts even at high if high level how we think about next year at this stage knowing, you know, much is still subject to change. And guess I asked this in the context of some other sort of fiscal year reporters having already indicated not to expect much growth next fiscal year due to the need for greater reinvestment. Yet in Conagra's case, you know, as you pointed out in the prepared remarks, consumption trends have been steadily improving. So thanks a lot.
Sean Connolly: Okay. Good morning, Andrew. Let me try my best to answer that. As you know, we don't provide fiscal year guidance for any forthcoming year until the Q4 call that precedes it. So that won't officially happen till July. And given the macro environment you cited this year, is extraordinarily dynamic. So we will definitely take advantage of the time between now and then to see where the dust settles on a number of these external things we are monitoring. That said, you are already equipped with some of the puts and takes. Number one, consumer pull for our products remains strong and a lot of spend as you pointed out is in the base. Number two, inventories are being rebuilt but some of the higher costs associated with recent supply chain constraints will linger into Q1. Three, we don't expect a Hebrew national repeat in Q. And four, we don't expect this year's second half supply constraints to repeat in H2 next year. But, and this is the big but, five, we are still monitoring inflation, tariffs, consumer sentiment, and the need for pricing. So overall, too early to give you an outlook at this juncture.
Andrew Lazar: Yep. Understood. And then, really, just a second, if you could go into a little more detail on the differential or the gap between shipments and consumption, in the grocery, right, grocery space just because that was the area where there was the biggest differential and frankly came in below what I think many had modeled versus obviously refrigerated and frozen. Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me hit on that. The prepared remarks were really focused on the gap between tied to the supply constraints, which is really a frozen concept you're seeing in the grocery and snacks concept is a bit different, which is in grocery and snacks this year, more seasonal holiday what I'll call seasonal slash holiday shipments fell into Q2 versus last year where more fell into Q3 because holidays were later this year. But overall, if you look at the six-month pattern in grocery and snacks, it's pretty normal. There's nothing out of the ordinary there. So, you know, overall, the quarter came out for us very consistent with what we laid out for folks when we spoke about it in CAGNY and that includes grocery and snacks where there's just some shipment timing where some of the holiday slash seasonal shipments a little bit different quarter by quarter this year versus last year. But overall consumption at the company level remains strong and that's what we've been focused on. So that's really what you're seeing there. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Just on the subject of grocery and snacks, I appreciate that certain elements of that business, including meat snacks are sold maybe a little more heavily in convenience stores and traditional packaged food. I'm just wondering you know, some of the data that we're getting on C stores is not ideal right now. I'm just curious if that had any kind of impact versus your prior expectations on any of your products and maybe the overall grocery and snack segment this quarter?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Good question, Ken. Let me try to demystify that for you a little bit. First of all, overall, Q3 unfolded in a manner that was very consistent with what we updated everybody on when we were at CAGNY, and that includes grocery and snacks. The thing you're noticing in grocery and snacks, as Andrew just pointed out, is that gap between shipments and consumption, consumption overall at the company level and the G and S in general remain pretty strong. But there was a gap and it was really with the way shipments fell last year versus this year and this last year more was in Q3, this year more is in Q2. So that's it. In terms of consumption overall for our company, as you saw in the prepared remarks, consumption remains incredibly strong. Which is really terrific to see. Now if you asked me to dig within strong overall consumption, where are their spots that are weaker, Certainly, on a channel perspective, C store as a channel can have its challenges when the consumer gets stretched. And we have not been immune to that this year nor have our competitors. And so is some channel shifting going on. C Store relative to its normal performance is a bit weaker. That's certainly impacting our portfolio. But as you can see in the total scanner data, we tend to make that up in other channels. So our total consumption remains incredibly strong. Only other thing I'll point you to is that within parts of the dollar channel and not every competitor or every retailer within the dollar channel is performing equally, There are some spots that are, I'll just say, that are weaker than others that so we've had some of that in it's actually, it's some non-measured that shows up in shipments, but not material at all on an overall consumption basis for the company. Which you saw was strong.
Ken Goldman: Great. I'll pass it on. Thanks, Sean.
Operator: The next question will come from Lee Jordan with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lee Jordan: I know it's a little early still for 2026 guidance as you pointed out, but I just wanted to see if you could comment on your confidence in hitting your leverage target of three times by the end of next year. I guess what are the key risks you see at this point? And how do you think about the contributions from debt pay down versus just an acceleration in the business?
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Lee. This is Dave. Yes, so as you saw in Q3, we're really pleased with our cash flow performance our free cash flow conversion. 125%. We paid down half a billion dollars of debt in the last twelve months. So we expect the cash flow to continue to be strong and continue to pay down debt. We will update kinda where we are with the three times leverage target by the end of next year when we give guidance for July. Obviously, that's impacted by earnings in the denominator, but so we'll see where we are there. But the cash flow is strong. We expect it to continue to be strong. And our priority with that cash flow is to pay down debt. So that will continue and then we'll see where we are with that leverage target when we give guidance in July for fiscal 2026.
Lee Jordan: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just as we're kind of talking about cash flow, you know, it looks like you lowered your CapEx guidance for this year by about $40 million. Just seeing if you could provide more detail on what was removed or delayed from the budget. And, really, does this mean that we should anticipate a higher than it normal CapEx next year? And then just maybe while we're on the topic and given we've had these recent plant issues, just maybe have you changed how you think about maintenance CapEx at all? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, yes, the update in capital for this year is all timing. So just in terms of the cash impact of capital, more of that is shifting into next fiscal year. So we'll give a specific guidance number on CapEx next year, but you could expect that that will bounce back up to, you know, kinda levels where we started this year. And that's not unusual with projects that you have. Timing can slip. And so that's just simply timing. It's not a result of us cutting anything or doing anything. In terms of maintenance capital, we have a very robust process for allocating maintenance capital and making sure that all of our operations have capital they need to keep the operations running and be efficient. In situations that we've had with our chicken operation, when we bind things you know, we prioritize fixing the root issues in this case. We're going through a full modernization of that plant. And we are estimating that we will be done that by August. So we always prioritize maintenance capital and that's no different than the way we've always handled it. Yeah. Just to add a little more color on the maintenance capital piece. We are in the midst of a multiyear effort to kind of modernize our supply chain. LA, Ebelle, our Chief supply chain officer laid that program out at CAGNY a little over a year ago. And we've made tremendous investments in maintenance capital to modernize our facility, including planned major capital investments in the frozen facility that makes our work in process chicken. As I pointed out at CAGNY, we didn't quite get all the way to get implementing that project because we ran into some quality and consistency issues before we got started. We've had to deal with that a little bit earlier than we expected. Coming at a cost that obviously disrupted our service. But I just want to emphasize that the investment plans have been in flight on the modernization of our network for multiple years now and remain robust.
Lee Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I guess just to start off, I wanted to ask on the fourth quarter. You noted the persistence of higher inflation, which seems to maybe be a little bit incremental to 4Q. It sounds like tariffs, at least the wave you were able to comment on, aren't a big swing item, but they probably don't help. And then at least relative to consensus estimates, sales came in a bit light. But you also reiterated your annual outlook. So are there incremental maybe, tailwinds to be thinking about when we look towards 4Q to drive that inflection? Thank you. Yeah. I'll make one comment and flip it to Dave.
Sean Connolly: As I mentioned earlier to Andrew and Ken, Q3 unfolded a manner largely consistent with what we expected when we spoke to investors at CAGNY. And given that, there's obviously not a lot of contemplation to changing kinda what we anticipate in the big thing that we have to do, and I understand everybody on this call today is really eager to get some perspective on how is next year going to unfold. We gotta see where the dust settles on these external factors because that is the biggest variable we are dealing with right now. We've already been dealing with, you know, inflation that really has not abated. So we've had record inflation over the last few years. We've still been in higher inflation this year than we expected when we went into the year. And now we're looking at potential factors that could exacerbate that. And what are the follow-on actions that we're gonna have to take. It's too early to tell. Obviously, how the dust is gonna settle there. But that's gonna be a factor for us. And things are moving around quite a bit, you know. There are things like vegetables that we import from Mexico that we at one point, we thought maybe that would be an issue. Well, maybe there's an exemption there, but then maybe there are other things that become an issue. So things are moving around, not only on a weekly or daily basis, but on an hourly basis right now. We've gotta see where all the dust settles on that so we can really pin down next year to the best of our abilities and give you the guidance that is gonna be as helpful as you as we can give. Dave, anything you wanna add? Tom, real quick. Just the building blocks for our Q4. We expect consumption to continue to be strong. And through Q4. We expect our shipment volumes to improve versus Q3 as we improve our service levels. We are improving our service levels on Burseye and our frozen meal with chicken.
Dave Marberger: Expect improvement in gross margins in Q4 versus Q3. Because remember in Q3, we were negatively impacted by the supply disruptions and the disruption to our operation. So absorption in this quarter negative absorption was very high. And then just some of the one-time cost we had because when you shut down an operation, it does fit your cost. So we do expect improvement in Q4 versus Q3. And then you saw that we had a trade estimate true up in Q3 we don't expect trade to have as much of an impact on margin in Q4. Versus Q3. And our SG and A will be favorable in Q4 versus the prior year. So they're really the key building blocks.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you for that. Just on the I guess, import question with tariffs. You noted the veggies from Mexico. Are there other major items we should be thinking about that you traditionally import? And then beyond just, I guess, raw materials, are there finished goods sold in the US that are sourced overseas? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I'll just give you a little commentary on that. We buy obviously a lot of stuff that goes into our product. Much of it is sourced in the U.S. But when we cannot find a supply, in the U.S, think chocolaty and avocados, things like that, we will source it elsewhere. So, you know, I mentioned vegetables out of Mexico, We buy a lot of tin plate steel for our cans. Outside the US because something like seventy-five percent of the tin plate steel lines in the US have been eliminated since 2018 leaving manufacturers in a but to source these things overseas. We kind of fall into that camp. But things are moving. So, you know, yesterday, I might have thought could be an issue with vegetables coming in from Mexico, and maybe that's not gonna be an issue. We'll see. But today maybe there is an issue on things like palm oil, that wasn't on the radar squarely yesterday. So are moving around. I'm not gonna give you a definitive list right now because of the volatility of situation, but as you know, running a business, you have to be able to have some stability in your assumptions. And right now, these the assumptions that we're making are moving around a bit. We're tracking them by the minute and as soon as we've kind of see the dust settle, we'll rack it all up, give you our outlook and that'll be when we're in a position to give you the best guide for the coming year. Anything you'd add to that, Dave?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. No. And our, you know, our manufacturing, what we sell in the US is really manufactured in the U.S. So as Sean said, you know, what we're looking at is our materials and materials that we would have bring in from outside of the US just because they're not available in the US.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thanks, guys. I know it's a very evolving situation, so appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Correa with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Correa: Hey, guys. Quick follow-up on Q4 and then a little bit of a follow-up on the broader macro backdrop. Just in Q4, you said that the shipments would come at a higher cost but you also expect gross margins to improve. In the quarter and Q4 relative to Q3. What's kind of the gap there? It's better productivity, the incremental pricing, on protein. Can you maybe just, you know, help a little bit more context there?
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Chris. As I mentioned, we have pretty negative absorption which has impacted our cost in Q3, which will get better in Q4. But also, the incremental cost we're incurring with third-party commands. To get our inventories back. We've actually started incurring in Q3. So that will continue in Q4 but it's consistent. So it's not incremental to Q3.
Chris Correa: And that will continue through Q1 of fiscal 2026, the using the third-party command.
Chris Correa: Okay. And then this is a slightly unfair question, but just following up on the prior line of thinking. When you think about the uncertainty in the current environment going into fiscal 2026, Yeah. How much of that is associated with you know, the top line know, the consumer response to this environment relative to your cost structure. I don't know if there's a way to parse that out, but, clearly, there's a consumption angle to this, and there's also the kind of tariff and cost angle. And, I, you know, I wonder if there's any way to frame the relevant impact of either at this point.
Sean Connolly: Well, you know, I won't comment on next year, Chris, but let me just let me give some perspective on this year and kind of what our stance has been for the last year. Obviously, management teams are always trying to simultaneously drive acceleration of growth and gross margin expansion. So we in normal times, we want them both and we want them both right now. About a little over a year ago, we said, look, they may not come in at the same time. So if you've got to prioritize getting volume back to growth versus you know, continued gross margin expansion. How do you prioritize? And we said, we're gonna plant the flag and say, returning volume to growth is the most important thing for the long-term value creation of the company. We have to keep the relationship between the consumer and our brands, and we made the investment to do that, and we've seen very strong connectivity between the consumer and our brands. Obviously, you know, that has pressure gross margins for us and for the industry. And so now as we start to think about what's coming next year, I think we're in for another year where we've got, you know, we're gonna have our hands full in terms of continuing to drive growth and continuing to drive margin expansion, and that's what we're going to do between now and July when we guide is say, what's strongest plan we could put together on both metrics?
Chris Correa: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Yasmin Deswandi with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Yasmin Deswandi: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. I just have a question for you. And just specifically on cost inflation. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned taking pricing and Heber National to offset protein inflation. And I believe there was a comment made previously on the expectation of deflation in on crop-based inputs. So I guess at this point is the expectation for fiscal 2026 to be higher than fiscal 2025 year to date? Do you just have any updated thoughts there? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. We're not as we mentioned, we're not going to give any insight on fiscal 2026 until our July call. There's a lot of things moving around right now candidly. You saw for the quarter, our inflation came in around 4%. Which is, you know, where we expected it to be. And we had guided for that for the full year. So you know, right now, we're just looking, as Sean said, looking at all the dynamics and kind of the impact that it may have, and then we'll update further in July. But I'm not gonna comment anymore on inflation for next year.
Sean Connolly: I think the big thing to take away is that it's still 4%. We've had record inflation over the last few years and there were some folks that thought things would go backwards. That has not happened. In this quarter, we're still looking at 4%. And some of the external things that we're talking about are incremental above and beyond that if the baseline has moved. So what we've got to see shake out, you know, and obviously, if we have to deal with some of these external factors, we're gonna have a number of levers available to us that we typically push on. We'll look at our productivity programs and can we squeeze more out of that? We'll look at alternative suppliers. Can we get a better price elsewhere and we'll look at pricing. Everything is on the table.
Yasmin Deswandi: Okay. Great. Thank you. And I just have a quick follow-up. And it's more of a clarifying question off of Andrew's question earlier. So the gap in grocery and snacks, you know, some of that is unfavorable mix. Some of that is trade spend. So is the remaining of that mix, is it just Swiss miss? What other whatever other products was that that, you know, kinda drove that delta?
Sean Connolly: I think you just hit on pretty much all of it. I mean, the GAAP between shipments and consumption in grocery and snacks, I already hit that pretty hard. That was really just the way shipments fell last year, more of them in Q3 than this year more of them in Q2. That's really it. You understand the trade adjustment. Anything else, Dave? Yeah. No. And we talked about, like, Swiss miss, you know, the consumption was really strong in Q3. So when you look at consumption versus shipments, that's just you know, the seasonality of that business. Right? You ship it and then the consumption, and it really depends on, you know, the weather. And when people wanna buy it. And so Yeah. Those shipments went in Q2. You know, we and retailers thought more consumption would have occurred in Q2. The weather didn't cooperate, but it did come in Q3. So I always say winter always comes. It came in Q3. It just pushed more of the gap. It's one of the contributing factors between the gap between shipments and consumption as it fell in the third quarter.
Yasmin Deswandi: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alex. Good morning. So a couple of quick questions. First of all, can you comment on any recent changes in the state of the consumer and behaviors that are shifting. We've been hearing from others that things might have deteriorated in the last eight weeks or so. I know you mentioned C stores. Yes. Any comments about shifts?
Sean Connolly: You know, Alexei, we've been talking about these behavior shifts for about two years now where you've got stretched household balance sheet. You've had value-seeking behavior. People seeking trade-offs. So that's, you know, that's been in place, and it's been everything from the beginning around things like more use of leftovers, things like that. So that has been with us. We invested to kinda over some of those challenges, and obviously, you've seen tremendous responsiveness and especially in our frozen business since we started making those investments. But I think it's really more of just a continuation of a challenged consumer balance sheet where they are stretched. And so, you know, we've been incentivizing them good innovation and some low discount high-quality promotions to drive consumption and you can see it in our numbers. But they're being very discerning. I anticipate that's gonna continue. If we see prices in food or elsewhere go up further, I think you're gonna see more trade down behaviors. And I think it'll be the typical stuff. I think that, you know, the first thing you'll see is discretionary purchases will weaken food service trends will weaken, and then within at-home meeting, I think you'll see a lot of that value-seeking behavior. So we're very well positioned to compete in that environment as we pointed out at CAGNY. Frozen foods are doing quite well right now and obviously we're the world's biggest frozen company. And then within snacking, importantly, we're very protein-centric and healthy permissible snacking. And so we've got one of the stronger snack portfolios right now, and that's helping us navigate some of these challenging consumer times as well.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. And as a follow-up, I know you've got a lot on your plate right now with everything going on, but there seems to be a lot of activity at the state level to introduce bans or labeling requirements on certain additives. That seems to be bubbling up in a lot of different states now. Is that gonna be a major burden, headache, for you, or is it gonna be fairly straightforward to accommodate all of that?
Sean Connolly: Well, Alexia, you are now hitting on why when I talk about the things we're monitoring externally, it's plural. It's not one thing. It's not tariffs. It's a variety. Thing. So added to the list of external factors, we are we're monitoring. The good news for the Conagra portfolio in regard of that one in particular is I pointed out at CAGNY, you know, some number materially over 90% of our portfolio doesn't have any synthetic dyes or food coloring in our products. So it's really not a big deal for us. But we do have to monitor it because state by state legislation is very difficult for manufacturers to deal with. We'd rather have you know, a federal singular voice on this so we can adapt and be as agile as we can. But when you're dealing with state-level legislation, it makes it more challenging for manufacturers to have to try to tailor stuff to individual states. So but with respect to food dyes and colors in general, that's not a it's we don't have a lot of in our portfolio. It's not a material concern.
Alexia Howard: Yep. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will come from Meghan Clapp with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meghan Clapp: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much. Maybe just a quick follow-up on 4Q. I think the guide maybe implies org sales somewhere around flattish. It looks like consumption, which makes sense just given the supply chain challenges, has trended a bit lower in the most recent period. So, you know, as you talked about volumes improving gonna get a shipment benefit from the restock of retail inventory. But maybe can you just help us unpack the underlying expectation as it relates to consumptions in the context of, you know, flattish shipments in the fourth quarter, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Well, I just I think the way to think about the shape of consumption is when you have supply constraints is as long as the underlying consumer pull remains strong, consumption will remain strong until your inventory position weakens. And so obviously, because we've had limited inventory, the inventory position has begun to weaken that will lead to out of stocks on the shelf and that will start to show up as weakness in consumption. But unlike what you're seeing from some companies on the consumption line right now, I think you know, investors don't need to have a lot of anxiety if you see that weakness in our consumption because if will not be connected to weakened consumer pull. It'll be weakened it'll really be about weakened. Okay. And inventory levels. That too will pass because we have invested now to rebuild those inventories, but that'll be the shape of the curve is consumption will be strong until our inventory position weakens, then it'll weaken for a little bit, and then it'll rebound. You already hit the shipment flow and how that works.
Dave Marberger: And there is a Q4 impact because of the timing of the Easter holiday. So, you know, you're seeing some negative consumption now because Easter was earlier last year than this year. So yes, so we expect continued strength in consumption for Q4 like we've seen.
Meghan Clapp: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And maybe just a couple of housekeeping items. The don't think I saw an updated guide for leverage for this year. Is it still know, I think 3.55 is what you told us at CAGNY, or is it maybe a bit better given the lower CapEx guide? And then second would just be on equity method earnings. I think they were a bit better in the quarter at least for what consensus was modeling. Is that just timing? Is 150 kind of still the right number for the year?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. We we've held both of those for the year. We haven't changed.
Meghan Clapp: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Max Gunport with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Max Gunport: Thanks for the question. Your snack volumes were up 4% in 3Q. Which stands in contrast to what we're seeing for the industry. Really, we're seeing stacking categories under pressure, and I realized your total snack performance was helped by weather as it relates to the Swiss miss business, but it still looks like your volume growth came from several of your key brands. So you could provide a bit more color on what you're seeing in snacking with regard to the broader industry weakness, and then what you think is helping your business outperform. Thanks very much.
Sean Connolly: Sure. And for those are tuning into this call who did not tune into CAGNY, I would direct you to Bob Nolan's presentation on the future of Frozen and the future snacking because it was chock full of interesting insights. On both of those businesses. With respect to snacking, it's a fascinating time because snacking is an enormous, I don't know, $80 billion plus industry in the US. And historically, a lot of that volume in snacking is in traditional chips. But there is a movement afoot in snacking right now toward healthier snack away from and more toward protein and protein-dense snacking, and that's effectively our business. Our business is highly concentrated in protein and fiber. So between meat snacks and popcorn, you've got two very on-trend businesses, not to mention our seeds business, which is sometimes overlooked, but it's a phenomenal, very profitable business. We happen to have a lot of horses that are in the right categories right now and they're doing right pretty well. I part of the strong number that you just referenced, Max, was Swiss miss being particularly high. I wouldn't get overly excited about that. That's timing because obviously Swiss Miss was down last quarter because of the weather. But the underlying performance in our snacks business relative to the broader space that you're pointing out remains very strong and I would attribute it to the right subcategories and the right brands. And just a quick public service announcement on our new acquisition of fatty smoked meat sticks. Our Fatty business is now fully integrated. It's doing extremely well. It's getting incredible resonance with our retail customers. And if you have not eaten a fatty meat stick yet, I encourage you not just to eat one, but eat it side by side versus some of the other new players on the market. I think you'll see that we win the taste test hands down.
Max Gunport: Great. Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Nias for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Matthew Nieses: Thank you, Chuck, and thank you all for joining us today. Please reach out to Investor Relations with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-12-19 09:00:00) =====
Melissa Napier: Good morning. This is Melissa Napier from Conagra Brands' Investor Relations. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks for the Conagra Brands second quarter and first half fiscal 2025 earnings. At 9:30 eastern time this morning, we will hold a separate live question-and-answer session on today's results, which you can access via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Our press release, presentation materials, and a transcript of these prepared remarks are also available there. I'm joined this morning by Sean Connolly, our CEO; Dave Marberger, our CFO; and Matthew Neisius, Senior Director, Investor Relations. We will be making some forward-looking statements today. And while we are making those statements in good faith based on current information, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in our filings with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the earnings release and the slides for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and information on our comparability items, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings call. Let's begin on Slide 4. Our second quarter results reflect the fact that we continue to win with consumers despite ongoing economic pressures. We saw a return to growth in Q2 as we drove volume improvement, an organic net sales increase, and market share gains, demonstrating the continued strength of our innovation and strong execution by our team. These results highlight the enduring power of our brands and the effectiveness of our focused investments, which have reinforced our leadership in large important categories. While we expect our top-line momentum to continue in the second half, our profitability will be pressured by higher inflation and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Accordingly, we are updating our financial guidance for the remainder of the year. Our revised guidance reflects both our prioritization of continued momentum with the consumer and our expectation that the inflation relief we previously expected in the second half of fiscal '25 is still forthcoming, but in fiscal '26. As I noted, economic pressures continue to shape consumer purchasing decisions. We're still seeing value seeking behaviors, with consumers prioritizing affordability and maximizing value. Across the industry, manufacturers are deploying a similar playbook to address these challenges, increasing investments in advertising, promotions, trade initiatives, and innovation. These measures are designed to appeal to increasingly stretched consumers and drive growth, but the consumer response to these investments has varied significantly by category and by company. On Slide 6, you can see Conagra's investments have driven a strong response. In Q2 of last fiscal year, I stated our commitment to invest more to put the inflation-driven volume declines in the rearview mirror, with the goal of returning our portfolio to growth. Since then, we have seen our investments drive steady progress, and in Q2 it was satisfying to see that return to growth materialize. And since we believe future cash flows and long-term shareholder value will best be served by way of continued top-line momentum, our strategy will not change in the second half. Let's take a closer look at how this strategy translated into our performance this quarter. On Slide 7, you can see how our proven playbook, which centers on modernized products and focused investments to support our innovation, have driven positive volume recovery in our key domestic retail business. This builds on the trends we've seen over the past year. And while the revenue mix was a bit different due to the value-seeking behavior shifts I discussed earlier, our track record of navigating today's difficult operating environment reinforces our confidence in continued volume recovery. The effectiveness of our strategy and resiliency of our portfolio are particularly evident on Slide 8. Here you see our outstanding share performance throughout fiscal '24 and the first half of fiscal '25. 67% of Conagra's portfolio held or gained volume share in the second quarter, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of share gains. And our share performance is even stronger in our highly strategic frozen and snacks domains, where 87% of our portfolio held or gained volume share in the second quarter. Further, our share performance again outpaced our near-in peer set. In fact, Slide 9 shows we outperformed our closest peer by 24 percentage points. Turning to Slide 10, as I emphasized last quarter, our volume progress and strong share gains continue to be driven by our disciplined approach to brand building rather than heavy discounting. The industry merchandising environment remains rational, with two key metrics providing a clear picture, the share of volume sold on promotion and the average discount on promotion. Our volume share sold on promotion remains consistent with historical norms. Both today and in the pre-pandemic period, the volume of our sales on promotion remained below our closest peers. When we do engage in promotions, the discounts are targeted, reinforcing our commitment to thoughtful brand management. Said differently, Conagra remains less reliant on promotions to drive volume and maintains a disciplined approach to prioritize the long-term health of our brands. Turning now to our domains, beginning with frozen. We continued to see strong improvement in Conagra's frozen consumption as demonstrated in our Q2 volume sales, shown on Slide 11, which have been improving for five consecutive quarters. And when we take a wider perspective, as shown on Slide 12, our Q2 volume sales growth continued to outperform the total edible category and the overall frozen department as well. This growth is driven by a return to convenience, contributing to strong volume share gains in single-serve meal brands like Banquet and Marie Callender's, as well as increased share in Birds Eye Vegetables and our multi-serve meal brands. Taking a closer look at single-serve meals, our largest frozen category on Slide 13. Conagra represents the majority of volume in the $6.4 billion category, an outstanding achievement in today's dynamic and competitive environment. Our investments have enabled us to drive steady share improvement in this category, and in the second quarter, we increased our volume share position by three percentage points versus the prior quarter. Moving to our snacking domain on Slide 14. Our snacking portfolio continues to perform well, although rising cocoa prices combined with delayed winter weather in many parts of the country contributed to the Swiss Miss decline. When you exclude Swiss Miss, snacks volume increased 0.6% for the quarter. As you've heard us say before, while products like Swiss Miss may experience short-term impacts due to seasonality and weather, these tend to recover as winter finally arrives and equal out over the year. Further, we continue to benefit from our advantaged portfolio spanning permissible snacking subspaces like seeds, meat snacks, and popcorn, where our brands saw increases in volume sales in the second quarter. Turning to staples on Slide 15. We continued to see encouraging volume trends delivering sequential volume sales improvement during the second quarter. This business provides tremendous utility to consumers and tremendous cash flow to Conagra. And some of that is coming from innovation. For example, we're excited about the continued strong performance of our chili business, including Wendy's chili, which recently introduced its new No Bean variety. This success underscores Conagra's ability to innovate to meet evolving consumer preferences. While we're happy with our top-line performance through Q2, we do expect two factors to pressure the second half of the year, inflation and FX. On inflation, last quarter we told you we expected it to peak in Q2 and then fall in the second half, driven in part by lower costs on proteins. Our latest forecast projects that relief on protein costs will be delayed until after the end of the fiscal year. But to be clear, we do still expect these costs to fall as animal supply strengthens. We also expect some deflation on crop-based inputs as fiscal '26 unfolds. Given this updated outlook, we are not locking in commodity prices at the peak. Instead, we'll continue to monitor costs and prioritize the top-line, with the goal of going into next year with continued strong consumer momentum. Regarding FX, our International segment was impacted in Q2 by a strengthening U.S. dollar, which is expected to persist through the second half of the fiscal year. Despite our updated inflation and FX outlook for the second half, we're maintaining our commitment to our brand-building investments, recognizing their critical role in driving top-line momentum, and strengthening consumer loyalty over the long-term. We will implement limited new inflation-justified pricing actions in a couple of areas, which we expect will help offset some of the rising cocoa and sugar prices. At the same time, we remain disciplined in our efforts to maximize cash flow, prioritize debt reduction, and actively reshape our portfolio to position the business for sustainable success. Taking into consideration the headwinds we anticipate in the second half, as well as the dynamic consumer environment, we are updating our guidance for fiscal '25. We now expect to come in near the midpoint of our organic net sales range of down 1.5% to flat. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 14.8%, and adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.50. With that, I'll pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials in more detail.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Slide 20 shows our financial results for key metrics in the quarter. As Sean mentioned, Conagra returned to volume and organic net sales growth in Q2, driven by volume growth in our domestic retail business. Organic net sales were $3.2 billion in the quarter, up 30 basis points over prior year. Adjusted gross margin of 26.4% and adjusted operating margin of 15.3% were down 52 and 57 basis points, respectively, over the prior year, but adjusted operating margin was up 110 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.70, down $0.01 from Q2 a year ago. Slide 21 shows the composition of net sales by segment. Total Conagra organic net sales increased 30 basis points over the previous year, with volumes up 40 basis points and price/mix down 10 basis points. In Grocery and Snacks, we delivered net sales of $1.3 billion, representing 1.2% organic growth versus last year's second quarter, driven by increased volumes and favorable price/mix. Our Refrigerated and Frozen segment also delivered $1.3 billion in net sales, flat to prior year. Increased volumes were offset by negative price/mix, primarily due to our continued strategic trade investments. In our International segment, organic net sales declined 0.7% versus the prior year, driven by volume declines of 2.4%, partially offset by a 1.7% increase in price/mix. Organic net sales in our Foodservice business declined 1% over prior year, as volume declines of 3.9% were partially offset by favorable price/mix of 2.9%. While Q2 volume trends improved significantly from the first quarter, we still saw some ongoing softness in restaurant traffic, as we discussed last quarter. Slide 22 shows our second quarter net sales bridge. Our 40 basis point volume improvement was partially offset by 10 basis points of negative price/mix. We also had a 30 basis point foreign exchange headwind, primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Mexican peso, and a 40 basis point headwind from M&A activity. As expected, the impact of reduced sales from our ATFL joint venture, which was sold in Q1 of fiscal '25, exceeded the additional net sales from our first quarter acquisition of FATTY Smoked Meats. The components of our Q2 adjusted operating margin bridge are shown on Slide 23. Adjusted operating margin declined 60 basis points over the previous year to 15.3%. We delivered a 2.4% margin increase from supply chain productivity, which was an acceleration from Q1. This productivity helped to partially offset the unfavorable price/mix from our continued trade investments, as well as the 2.6% margin impact from unfavorable cost of goods sold inflation, which came in at 3.8%. We saw 10 basis points of favorability from lower advertising and promotion expenses, which offset a slight increase in adjusted SG&A. Slide 24 details our adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin performance by segment for Q2. Grocery and Snacks adjusted operating margin improved by 60 basis points, which included a $6 million benefit from insurance proceeds related to our previously disclosed canned meat recall in fiscal '23. Second quarter Refrigerated and Frozen adjusted operating margin improved 20 basis points from the first quarter but declined 179 basis points compared to the second quarter last year, driven largely by our continued strategic trade investments and unfavorable impacts of higher cost of goods sold inflation and absorption. International adjusted operating margins improved 167 basis points, partially driven by the benefit of divesting the lower margin ATFL business. Finally, Foodservice adjusted operating margin improved 24 basis points versus Q2 a year ago. The adjusted EPS bridge for Q2 fiscal '25 is shown on Slide 25. Adjusted EPS was $0.70 in the quarter compared to $0.71 a year ago due to a decline in adjusted operating profit, unfavorable FX rates, and lower equity earnings from Ardent Mills. This was partially offset by favorable pension income, interest expense, and adjusted taxes, which together contributed $0.03 of EPS in the quarter. Key balance sheet and cash flow metrics are shown on Slide 26. Conagra generated $754 million in net cash flows from operating activities in the first half of fiscal '25. This is down from the prior year due primarily to lower operating profit and wrapping on the special dividend payment in the prior year from our Ardent Mills joint venture. For the first half of fiscal '25, capital expenditures of $215 million were flat to the prior year, and dividends paid were $335 million. We did not repurchase additional shares in the second quarter and had no new M&A activity in the quarter. Net leverage at the end of the quarter was 3.54x, on track with our expectations. Slide 27 illustrates the continued strong performance of our free cash flow. In the first half of fiscal '25, our free cash flow conversion was 91%. As a reminder, given the seasonal nature of our business and working capital needs, we typically have stronger free cash flow in the second half of the year compared to the first half. We now expect our full year free cash flow conversion to be greater than 100%. Our progress has allowed us to repay over $600 million of debt in the last 12 months as we move towards our long-term net leverage goal of 3.0x, which we still expect to achieve by the end of fiscal '26. Slide 28 updates our fiscal '25 guidance numbers and explains the key drivers behind them. We now expect our full year organic net sales growth to be near the midpoint of our guidance range of minus 1.5% to flat growth versus fiscal '24. As mentioned, we are taking limited pricing actions late in the third quarter to offset some inflation in cocoa and sugar, and we continue to expect our second half volumes and organic net sales to improve versus the first half. We expect brand investments to continue, with price/mix being a larger headwind in Q3 due to investment timing, which may make our overall organic sales progress in the second half nonlinear. We are updating our adjusted operating margin to approximately 14.8%, as we now expect inflation to be closer to 4% versus our original guidance of approximately 3%. Our updated forecast of animal protein and egg inflation is not moderating in the second half as we originally projected in our guidance. We now expect this moderation to move into our fiscal '26. This higher inflation estimate will impact our second half adjusted gross margin. We now expect full year fiscal '25 gross margin to contract roughly 90 basis points versus year ago. Finally, as Sean mentioned, we are now expecting our adjusted EPS in the range of $2.45 to $2.50 due to the factors I just mentioned impacting our adjusted operating margin, along with $0.04 of estimated EPS headwind from unfavorable foreign exchange rates, given the forecasted continued strength of the U.S. dollar. Slide 29 details our other assumptions for the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we now expect our free cash flow conversion to be greater than 100%. Additionally, we now expect to end the year with a net leverage ratio of approximately 3.4x, up from our prior estimate of approximately 3.2x. Importantly, we remain committed to repaying debt, and this increase in estimated leverage is fully attributed to our updated expectations for adjusted earnings, not our debt repayment plans, which are on track. We also now expect our adjusted tax rate to be approximately 23%, down from 23.5%, based on favorability year-to-date. Our expectations for capital expenditures, the contribution from our joint venture, Ardent Mills, interest expense, and pension income all remain unchanged. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for joining us today. On a personal note, Melissa Napier will be transitioning to a different position in Conagra, the CFO of our Grocery and Snacks segment. I want to thank Melissa for her leadership as Head of Investor Relations and wish her the best in her new role. I want to welcome Matthew Neisius, who will be replacing Melissa. Matthew has worked in various finance roles at Conagra, and will work closely with Bayle Ellis as he transitions into this role.
End of Q&A:

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-10-02 09:00:00) =====
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks for Conagra Brands First Quarter Earnings. At 9:30 Eastern Time this morning, we will hold a separate live question-and-answer session on today's results, which you can access via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Our press release, presentation materials, and a transcript of these prepared remarks are also available there. I'm joined this morning by Sean Connolly, our CEO, and Dave Marberger, our CFO. We will be making some forward-looking statements today. And while we are making these statements in good faith based on current information, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in our filings with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the earnings release and the slides for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and information on our comparability items, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa, and thank you all for joining our first quarter fiscal 2025 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to extend our sympathies to everyone affected by Hurricane Helene. We are supporting World Kitchen, American Red Cross, and Feeding America, and will continue to monitor the situation to determine how we can further help those in need. Now let's get started on Slide 4. Q1 marked another quarter of progress in many areas, and I'm proud of the way our team executed within a dynamic environment. We took the actions we told you we would take, and by and large we got the results we expected to get. We told you last quarter that Q1 would have plenty of noise in it, and it did. Beyond the anomalies we planned for, we had one out-of-plan dynamic to contend with. Today, we will endeavor to unpack the quarter and provide a clear understanding of the underlying state of our business, which is encouraging. In fact, the most important thing for you to take away from our call today is that we remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2025 goals. We had clear priorities for Q1 and delivered on all of them. We continued to drive meaningful volume improvement in our domestic retail business, including year-over-year growth in our strategic frozen and snack domains. Our share improvement stands out  not just in the absolute, but among peers, as we drove strong share performance across the majority of the portfolio. Continuing to drive our value-over-volume strategy in Foodservice helped us sustain our margins at pre-COVID levels, despite channel softness. We continued to advance our supply chain productivity initiatives, which remain on track to deliver $1 billion of cost savings by the end of fiscal 2025. And finally, we were excited to resume our portfolio reshaping initiatives with the acquisition of FATTY Smoked Meat Sticks, which expanded our leading position in the high growth, high margin meat sticks product category, as well as the divestiture of our Indian joint venture, ATFL. Our team delivered on these priorities despite an out-of-plan dynamic that pressured performance during the quarter, namely a manufacturing disruption that required us to pause production at our Hebrew National hot dog plant in the middle of grilling season. While we were able to fully resume plant operations, the temporary manufacturing pause resulted in lost sales. Revenue for the Hebrew National brand was down 47% in Q1. We estimate that this equated to a 60 basis point reduction in total volume and a 90 basis point reduction in total organic net sales during the first quarter. The loss was particularly apparent within Refrigerated and Frozen, where we estimated that it accounted for a 150 basis point reduction in volume and a 210 basis point reduction in organic net sales for the segment. We estimate that the majority of the impact of this disruption will be isolated to the first quarter. Taking all of this into account, our results for the quarter were in-line or above our internal plan for most metrics except organic net sales, which was impacted by the temporary manufacturing disruption I just discussed. I'm pleased with our team's continued execution against our key priorities, which has strengthened the underlying momentum of our business. As a result, we remain on track to deliver our fiscal 2025 guidance. Let's take a closer look at each of our priorities, beginning with our volume progress on Slide 5. As you can see, our proven playbook and strategic investments have generated continuous volume recovery in our domestic retail business over the past year. In fact, domestic retail volume performance in Q1 exceeded our expectations, and our volume recovery would have been higher but for the temporary impact of Hebrew National. Importantly, as you can see on Slide 6, we delivered year-over-year volume growth across both our strategic domains, frozen and snacks. We've focused our investments to maximize consumer engagement within these domains, and their return to growth demonstrates that our plan is working. Slide 7 shows the volume trends in our staples domain. Excluding the temporary disruption in hot dogs, the rest of our staples domain also delivered sequential volume improvement during the quarter. And don't forget, Q1 staples volume was impacted by the elasticity effect of last year's price increase on our tomatoes platform. Since we wrapped those pricing actions as we exited Q1, this impact will wane going forward. And to give you a sense of the magnitude, staples consumption in Q1 ex-tomatoes and hot dogs would also have been positive. So overall, while we anticipate the consumer environment will remain a challenge in fiscal 2025, our proven ability to navigate through it gives us confidence that we will continue to drive volume across our business. Even more impressive than the strength of our volume improvement is our share performance, seen here on Slide 8. Achieving four consecutive quarters of share progress is a solid achievement in any period, but to do so amid today's challenging consumer environment underscores the strength of our strategy and the resiliency of our portfolio. In Q1, approximately 71% of our portfolio held or gained volume share, and the vast majority of that was share gains. And as you can see on Slide 9, our share performance is far ahead of our near-in peer set. Only one of our closest peers has more than half of their portfolio holding or gaining share, and we are outperforming them by a solid margin. If you zoom in on our strategic frozen and snacks domains, shown here on Slide 10, the share performance is even stronger. 93% of our frozen and snack brands held or gained volume share during the quarter. This slide demonstrates the continual improvement of our share performance over the past year, highlighting the effectiveness of our enhanced investments to drive consumer engagement. Importantly, we continue to deliver volume progress and strong share gains while achieving the expected ROI. Slide 11 demonstrates how the industry merchandising environment remains rational. There are two key metrics to consider when evaluating the state of merchandising  the share of volume sold on promotion and the average depth of promotion. In both key metrics, Conagra and our near-in peer set are promoting slightly less today than we did in the most comparable pre-pandemic period. Said differently, the overall promotional environment is roughly consistent with historic norms. And when you double click on each of these metrics, you'll find that Conagra is actually less promotional than our closest peers. Both today and in the pre-pandemic period, Conagra sells a lower percentage of our volume on promotion. And when we do have targeted promotions, our average discount is also less. The takeaway is clear. We continue to operate in a rational merchandising environment. Conagra remains less reliant on promotions to drive volume, and we continue to maintain a disciplined approach to prioritize the long-term health of our brands. Now let's dive into each of our domains. Starting with frozen on Slide 12, our Q1 volume sales outpaced both edible and relevant frozen categories, led by our strong volume share performance in single-serve meals and share increases in vegetables and multi-serve meals. Slide 13 takes a closer look at single-serve meals, our largest frozen category. Conagra now represents a majority of all industry volume in this $6.5 billion category, a tremendous achievement in this dynamic and competitive environment. Our investments have enabled us to drive steady share improvement in this category throughout fiscal 2024, and we built upon that success during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Frozen vegetables is another category that contributed to our improved share performance during the quarter. Recall that Birds Eye was the focus of our value-over-volume approach as we pulled back activity on the commodity veg space while building our business and innovation pipeline in the premium value-added space. As you can see on Slide 14, our efforts are paying off. Our frozen vegetables business remains stable and positive. Moving to snacks on Slide 15, we continue to considerably outpace the total snacking category, largely due to our advantaged portfolio. Our brands span on-trend, permissible snacking subspaces like meat snacks, popcorn, and seeds as consumers opt for low-carb, protein and fiber-rich snacks offered by Slim Jim, Duke's, David, Angie's BOOMCHICKAPOP, and more. Permissible snacking is growing much faster than the overall snacking category, and our portfolio of well-known brands is benefiting. During the first quarter, we took another step to build upon this strength by welcoming The FATTY to the Conagra family. Slide 16 highlights some of the key points that make this acquisition so attractive. Conagra is a leader in the meat snacks category with significant scale. But within meat snacks, Conagra is the leader in meat sticks, a high-margin business that is growing faster than all other snacking categories, as demand for more convenient, healthy, and affordable experiences continues to attract new buyers. FATTY Smoked Meat Sticks joins consumer favorites Slim Jim and Duke's to form a trifecta smokehouse, which will allow us to capitalize on high growth, protein-focused snacking behaviors. The addition of a premium brand like The FATTY furthers Conagra's position of strength as we focus on growing our snacking business across advantaged categories. Turning to our Foodservice business on Slide 17, it's no secret that COVID posed an unprecedented challenge for the entire foodservice industry, and our Foodservice segment was no exception. Over the last five years, we've been laser focused on building a better business and returning margins to pre-COVID levels. As a result of our efforts, over the past few years we grew organic net sales and adjusted operating profit. And this past year, we were able to restore Foodservice margins to their fiscal 2019 levels. During Q1, we sustained that margin as we continued to execute our value-over-volume strategy. Our margin recovery has also been supported by our efficient and effective supply chain, highlighted here on Slide 18. We expect to drive approximately $350 million in savings during fiscal 2025 through multiple productivity initiatives. Further, Q1 service levels remained at the strong pre-COVID level of 97%. We also continued to deliver improvements in free cash flow, reducing our cash conversion cycle by seven days relative to the prior period. As a result of these efforts, we remain on track to deliver $1 billion of cost savings by the end of fiscal 2025. Our productivity initiatives remain a key tool in our strategic playbook, as the savings we realize help fuel our brand-building investments and portfolio reshaping efforts. Turning to Slide 19, we were excited to resume our historical practice of active portfolio reshaping with both inbound and outbound activities. Consumer tastes and habits are constantly changing, and we continuously evaluate opportunities to reshape our portfolio to position the company for further growth and margin expansion, whether that be through investments in innovation and brand modernization, M&A, or value-accretive divestitures or spins. Portfolio reshaping is in our DNA, and Conagra has taken substantial actions over the past decade to transform our portfolio. However, in recent years, we've been more single-mindedly focused on debt paydown. Now, given the progress we've made on debt and cash flow as well as other market dynamics, we are in a strong position to resume active portfolio reshaping and, importantly, still meet our long-term 3x net leverage target through a combination of bolt-on acquisitions and divestitures of low growth businesses. In Q1, we advanced these efforts through the acquisition of The FATTY and the divestiture of our majority stake in Indian subsidiary Agro Tech Foods Limited. Looking ahead, we will continue to assess opportunities to reshape our portfolio for faster growth and stronger margins. As discussed at the top of the call, our execution across each of our priorities in Q1 has reinforced our confidence in the underlying strength of our brands, people, and strategy. With that, I'm pleased to reaffirm our fiscal 2025 guidance. I'll now pass the call over to Dave to discuss our financials in more detail.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Slide 22 shows our financial results for key metrics in the quarter. Sean provided a good overview of how our business performed in Q1, highlighting our continued volume improvements in domestic retail, share gains, and strong productivity. To most effectively unpack our Q1 results, I'll move to our segment performance on the next slide. Slide 23 shows the composition of organic net sales by segment and also highlights the estimated impact of the Hebrew National manufacturing disruption on total company sales. Total organic net sales excluding Hebrew would have been down 2.6% or 90 basis points better than the minus 3.5% we delivered. In Grocery and Snacks, we delivered organic net sales of approximately $1.2 billion, a decline of 1.9% versus last year's first quarter, primarily from lower volumes. Price/mix decreased slightly, a result of investments in selected brands, partially offset by a price increase taken in the prior year on our tomato business. Our Refrigerated and Frozen segment delivered approximately $1.1 billion in net sales, a decline of 5.7% from prior year. Volume and price/mix were both impacted by the temporary manufacturing disruption in Hebrew National. Excluding Hebrew, we estimate that Refrigerated and Frozen net sales in the quarter would have been down 3.6%. Volume for the quarter would have increased 1.6%, and price/mix would have been down 5.2%. Refrigerated and Frozen price/mix was impacted by pass-through pricing reductions in certain brands that were experiencing deflation, primarily in our spreads business, and increased trade merchandising investments, particularly in our frozen business. We also experienced a shift in the mix of product sold, which was a headwind to price/mix in the quarter. Our International segment delivered an organic net sales increase of 3% over prior year, driven primarily by another strong double-digit quarter in our Global Exports business. Finally, our Foodservice business performance continued to be impacted by the lower margin business we exited that was first called out in our Q3 fiscal 2024 call, along with ongoing softness in restaurant traffic. As Sean discussed, our Foodservice business is larger and more profitable than it was at the start of the pandemic and remains an important contributor to the Conagra business portfolio. Slide 24 shows our net sales bridge. I've already unpacked the quarter's volume and price/mix dynamics for you. The remaining elements are foreign exchange, which negatively impacted net sales by 40 basis points, largely driven by the U.S. Dollar to Mexican Peso exchange rates, and 10 basis points of favorable impact from the acquisition of FATTY Smoked Meat Sticks. The components of our Q1 adjusted operating margin bridge are shown on Slide 25. Adjusted operating margin declined 244 basis points over prior year to 14.2%. In addition to the price/mix and trade merchandising investments I've already discussed, we also saw year-over-year cost of goods sold inflation of 3.3%, primarily from proteins, sweeteners, and warehousing costs. SG&A was higher due to wrapping lower incentive compensation a year-ago, and foreign exchange was a headwind. Productivity improvements, which approximated 3.6% of cost of goods sold, helped fund our trade investments in the quarter. This productivity was partially offset by the impact of the Hebrew National disruption. We don't expect these unfavorable costs to continue going forward. Slide 26 details our adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin performance by segment for Q1. All segments reported a decline from prior year in adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin, and all segments were impacted by the same dynamics, primarily lower organic net sales, which included increased merchandising investment, higher cost of goods sold inflation, and unfavorable operating leverage, partially offset by favorable productivity. Additionally, Refrigerated and Frozen adjusted operating profit was impacted by approximately $10 million from the manufacturing disruptions in Hebrew National, and our International segment saw an outsized negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates. The adjusted EPS bridge for Q1 fiscal 2025 is shown on Slide 27. Adjusted EPS was $0.53 in the current quarter compared to $0.66 a year-ago due to a decline in adjusted operating profit, unfavorable FX rates, and lower equity earnings from Ardent Mills. Pension and adjusted taxes contributed $0.01 of EPS in the quarter. Our Ardent Mills joint venture continued to perform well in its core flour business but delivered lower commodity revenue in Q1 compared to last year due to lower market volatility. Key balance sheet and cash flow metrics are shown on Slide 28. Conagra generated $269 million in net cash flows from operating activities in Q1. The decline from prior year was driven primarily by lower operating profit and changes in seasonal working capital that we expected. Capital expenditures were $133 million, dividends paid were $167 million, and we resumed share repurchases of $64 million to offset dilution from our share-based equity incentive compensation plans. Our Q1 fiscal 2025 ending net debt reduction from prior year reflects debt paydowns during fiscal 2024, and includes funding the Q1 acquisitions of both the FATTY Smoked Meat Sticks business as well as the manufacturing operations of an existing co-manufacturer of our cooking spray products. Net leverage at the end the quarter was 3.6x and was in line with our expectations, as we remain on track to finish the fiscal year around 3.2x. In addition to the acquisitions in Q1, we also closed on the sale of our ATFL business in India. The net of those three transactions resulted in additional cash uses of approximately $154 million. We remain focused on reducing our net leverage and continuing to generate strong free cash flow. As Sean said, we are reaffirming our full-year fiscal 2025 guidance as shown on Slide 29. I will provide some more color on the next slide. As we stated last quarter when initially providing our full-year fiscal 2025 guidance, we expect sequential volume recovery each quarter, and we expect adjusted operating margin improvement to be greater in the second half. For Q2, we expect improvement in volume, topline, and margin compared to Q1. We do expect our fiscal 2025 merchandising investment to be at the highest level in Q2. Also, we are now forecasting full-year fiscal 2025 inflation of approximately 3.2% of total cost of goods sold. That is up from approximately 3% originally projected for the year. We are seeing inflationary pressure primarily in the areas of proteins and sweeteners. While we are seeing deflation in select areas such as edible fats and oils, the net impact is a 20 basis point increase in the annual overall inflation estimate. We don't expect any material impact on fiscal 2025 margin or adjusted EPS from our first quarter M&A transactions, but we expect a decrease in overall reported net sales of approximately $30 million for the remainder of the fiscal year. Our year-end net leverage target of approximately 3.2x assumes expected favorability in free cash flow resulting from improved working capital, lower expected capital expenditures, and lower estimated cash taxes from a favorable tax settlement. And finally, we expect full-year adjusted gross margin to be relatively flat versus fiscal 2024. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Q - :

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-07-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. This is Melissa Napier from Conagra Brands. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks on Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings. At 9:30 AM eastern this morning, we will hold a separate live question-and-answer session on today's results, which you can access via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Our press release, presentation materials and a transcript of these prepared remarks are also available there. I'm joined this morning by Sean Connolly, our CEO, and Dave Marberger, our CFO. We will be making some forward-looking statements today. And while we are making these statements in good faith based on current information, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in our filings with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our earnings release and slides for the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and information on our comparability items, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 24 earnings call. I'll begin today's call by sharing some perspective on our fourth quarter and fiscal 24 performance, particularly in the context of our broader environment. Then, before I turn it over to Dave, I'll discuss how we're thinking about fiscal 25. Let's get started with the key points we want to convey on Slide 5. Overall, we demonstrated solid progress throughout fiscal 24 amidst a challenging consumer environment. In Q4, we continued to see positive impact from our investments to maximize consumer engagement with our brands. This again resulted in sequential volume improvement in our domestic retail business. We also saw strengthened share, particularly in frozen and snacks where our volume progress has been most meaningful. Even with these significant investments, we reported full year adjusted gross and operating margin expansion supported by productivity improvements across our supply chain. Further, our strong free cash flow enabled us to continue to reduce our net leverage ratio and strengthen our balance sheet consistent with our goals. Our progress in 24 reinforces the strength and resiliency of our business. We expect fiscal 25 to be a continued transition toward a normalized operating environment. That means a gradual waning of the challenging industry trends seen throughout fiscal 24, as consumers adapt and establish new reference prices. In light of this, we've prudently tempered our fiscal 25 outlook. Well provide more detail on that shortly. Let's turn to Slide 6, which provides a snapshot of our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. Heading into fiscal 24, we knew that the consumer environment was challenged and it continued that way throughout the year. Against that backdrop, we remained agile, modified our plans, and made steady progress as the year unfolded. And while our ramped up investments pressured dollar sales, they delivered the desired impact on volumes, as I will unpack for you in a moment. We also reported adjusted gross margin expansion of 58 basis points and adjusted operating margin expansion of 34 basis points over the prior year period, a two year increase of 284 basis points and 159 basis points, respectively. Although we saw one year declines in organic net sales and adjusted EPS, our two year organic net sales and adjusted EPS CAGRs remained solid at 2.2% and 6.4%, respectively. Before I dive deeper into the fiscal 24 results, I want to share some perspective about our progress over the last five years, shown here on Slide 7. Our business today is substantially larger and more profitable than it was pre-COVID, and we've reported strong performance across each of our KPIs despite volatile market conditions. This reflects our efforts to deploy our playbook, which is focused on investing in our brands to sustain our share of mind and share of wallet with the consumer and drive profitable growth. As a result, we delivered an overall improvement in net sales, operating margins, and adjusted EPS. And our focus on maximizing free cash flow enabled us to reduce our net leverage from more than 5.5 times to less than 3.4 times, all while continuing to invest to make our brands stronger and far more resilient than they've ever been. That resiliency has been demonstrated more recently in the steady volume recovery we've delivered in our domestic retail business, illustrated here on Slide 8. We still have some work to do, but you can see how volumes recovered significantly in the second half of the year. We anticipate the consumer environment will remain challenging in fiscal 25, but our proven ability to navigate today's difficult operating environment reinforces our confidence in continued volume progress from here. Critically, we have seen strong improvement in volume consumption trends in our key domains of snacks and frozen. As you can see, snacks returned to growth in Q4 with frozen knocking on the door. The resiliency of our portfolio is particularly evident when compared to the broader market. Slide 10 shows our strong share gains throughout fiscal 24. As you can see, in Q4, approximately 65% of our portfolio held or gained volume share amid a slow environment, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of share gains. It's worth noting that our share performance is even stronger within our highly strategic frozen and snacks domains, where an impressive 80% of our brands have held or gained volume share. And as you can see here on Slide 11, our performance is highly competitive versus our near-in peers. Turning to Slide 12 and looking at the results from our single largest category, frozen single-serve meals. Our investments enabled us to drive steady improvement throughout fiscal 24, and in the fourth quarter, we returned to volume growth, significantly outpacing the category. In fact, that growth behind our enhanced investments across frozen single-serve meals has enabled us to deliver record share levels in the category shown here on Slide 13. Encouragingly, volume trends on Birds Eye frozen vegetables are also improving. Slide 14 shows Birds Eyes volume sales have improved faster than the total frozen vegetable category on a quarterly basis. This is particularly evident in the fourth quarter, as our volume sales performance significantly outpaced that of the total category. To wrap up on frozen, I want to reiterate the steady, solid growth of this category over the past 40 years. I know I've shared this slide in the past, but it bears repeating as it's one of the many reasons we remain bullish on frozen. Frozens 4% CAGR is in the top tier of foods growing in in- home consumption over this extended time frame. Now turning to our snacks business on Slide 16. We saw strong momentum in the fourth quarter while trends in snacking were down across several of our competitors. This is largely due to our on trend snacking brands that span advantaged snacking subspaces like meat snacks, popcorn, and seeds. We've seen strong volume sales performance across each of these subcategories given the rise of protein and fiber-centric snacking, as brands like Duke's, David, and Angie's BOOMCHICKAPOP have enabled us to answer consumer demands for healthier on-trend snack options. Moving on to our staples domain on Slide 17. While we saw an overall improvement in volume sales in the second half, we were wrapping supply chain disruptions in chili and canned meat, resulting in a 17.5% volume increase in Q4. We also saw brand building investments drive volume growth in certain previously challenged refrigerated products. As a result, as we enter fiscal 25, we'll make further prudent investments to stimulate broader volume recovery in staples. Despite the challenging macro environment the past year, our innovation continued to resonate with consumers in a big way. Slide 18 highlights some of our innovation that we launched during fiscal 24, as well as some items that will hit store shelves in fiscal 25. The expansion of our Birds Eye brands to include delicious, culinary inspired products that appeal to a younger, more affluent household has seen significant success in the market. Consumers have also embraced our Banquet Mega chicken filets and Healthy Choice modern dinners, which cater to a greater variety of eating occasions. And finally, Wendy's Chili, delivering the flavors that consumers know and love from the QSR industry, became available at grocery stores nationwide, and it continues to perform very well for us. As I mentioned earlier, we delivered full year adjusted gross and operating margin expansion, thanks in large part to our successful cost savings initiatives and strong supply chain productivity. These strong productivity results helped fuel the significant brand building investments I've discussed here this morning. At the end of fiscal 24, savings as a percentage of cost of goods sold reached our long-term target of approximately 4%, and service levels improved close to pre-COVID levels at 97%. We also delivered substantial improvements in free cash flow and a five day improvement in our cash conversion cycle relative to the prior year period. As we look ahead to fiscal 25, we remain on track to deliver $1 billion of cost savings by the end of the year. Now looking at the year ahead, we anticipate the consumer will remain challenged in fiscal 25, but that we will gradually transition toward a more normalized operating environment as consumers adapt. Here are our key assumptions for fiscal 25. We expect our brands will continue to benefit from our ongoing strategic investments to maximize consumer engagement and drive further volume improvements. We'll continue to drive our cost savings and productivity initiatives and expect to achieve 4% cost savings as a percentage of cost of goods sold. This will help offset projected inflation and further enhance our competitive position. For fiscal 25, we anticipate adjusted gross margins will remain stable despite continuing our brand building investments. Further, while Ardent Mills is expected to deliver another strong year, it will not be at the level of a particularly strong fiscal 24. Turning now to our financial guidance for fiscal 25 on Slide 23. Again, our outlook anticipates both continued investment in our brands and a gradual waning of the challenging macro trends experienced by the industry in fiscal 24 as consumers continue to establish new reference prices. We view this stance as prudent. Accordingly, we are guiding to an organic net sales range of minus 1.5% to flat compared to fiscal 24; adjusted operating margin of approximately 15.6% to 15.8%; and adjusted EPS of approximately $2.60 to $2.65. Our steady progress in 2024, despite a difficult consumer environment, demonstrates the underlying resiliency of our business, and this reinforces our confidence to drive further volume improvement and margin expansion in fiscal 25. With that, I'll pass the call over to Dave to discuss our financials in more detail.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. As Sean discussed, we made solid progress throughout the fiscal year in a challenging consumer environment. I'll first highlight the full year results shown on Slide 25, before discussing the fourth quarter. Fiscal 24 organic net sales of $12 billion were down 2.1%, largely driven by the industry wide elongated volume recovery in our domestic retail business. Adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating profit both improved 0.3% over prior year, despite lower sales, as strong supply chain productivity helped offset cost of goods sold inflation, absorption impacts from our lower volumes, and the brand investments we made during the year. Advertising and promotion expense as a percentage of net sales was consistent with last year at 2.4%. Adjusted SG&A, which excludes A&P, was approximately flat to the prior year as general cost increases were mostly offset by lower incentive compensation expense. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 16% and adjusted EPS of $2.67 for the fiscal year. And as Sean mentioned, we finished the year at a net leverage ratio of 3.37 times and improved our free cash flow by approximately $1 billion over fiscal 23. I'll now discuss our fourth quarter results, starting with our net sales bridge on Slide 26. Organic net sales declined 2.4%, driven by a volume decline of 1.8% and a 0.6% price/mix reduction, reflecting the increased brand building investments. We also saw a small benefit from favorable foreign exchange. Slide 27 outlines Q4 top line performance for each segment. Volume declines in our Grocery and Snacks and Foodservice segments were partially offset by volume increases in our Refrigerated and Frozen and International segments for the quarter. As Sean discussed, we made good progress in our snacks business as consumption trends were positive in the quarter, helping us gain share. In grocery, we've seen positive results in select areas where we've increased investment and innovation, and we continue to evaluate prudent investment opportunities in our grocery business to improve volumes moving forward. We are pleased with the volume inflection we delivered in Refrigerated and Frozen in Q4, demonstrating the consumer impact of our trade investments. Declines in Foodservice volume were driven by a slowdown in QSR traffic, along with actions we've been taking to eliminate low profit business, which is reflected in the strong operating margin performance in Foodservice that you will see shortly. Our International business delivered another strong sales quarter, with volume and price/mix both up year over year, driven by strong results from our Mexico and Global Export businesses. Overall, we are seeing some green shoots from our frozen, snacking and International volumes in Q4 and remain confident that our continued innovation, brand and trade merchandising investments will help this continue in fiscal 25. The components of our Q4 adjusted operating margin bridge are shown on Slide 28. Adjusted gross margin improved 62 basis points over prior year to 27.6%. Productivity improvements, which approximated 4% of cost of goods sold in the quarter, more than offset net inflation, which approximated 2.7% of cost of goods sold, which helped fund trade merchandising investments in our brands. Adjusted operating margin improved 22 basis points over prior year to 14.8%, driven by the adjusted gross margin improvement I just discussed, partially offset by increased A&P and adjusted SG&A. Slide 29 details our adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin performance by segment for Q4. Grocery and Snacks adjusted operating margin improved 220 basis points, aided by pricing taken earlier in the fiscal year and by a $7 million net benefit related to insurance proceeds for prior year lost sales from our canned meats recall. Refrigerated and Frozen adjusted operating margin declined 172 basis points from increased trade merchandising investments. International adjusted operating margins declined 283 basis points, mainly from transitory supply chain issues impacting our Canadian business, while Foodservice adjusted operating margins improved 427 basis points, a result of discontinuing less profitable business. As a reminder, results from our annual goodwill intangible impairment testing also negatively impacted reported profits, primarily in our Refrigerated and Frozen and Grocery and Snacks segments. The primary drivers of the impairment charges were a combination of higher interest rates, revised net sales projections, and some market multiple contraction seen throughout the industry. The adjusted EPS bridges for the fourth quarter and full year are shown on Slide 30. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.61, $0.01 less than prior year. Taxes were favorable in the quarter by $0.02, while a reduction in equity earnings from Ardent Mills was a $0.03 headwind. At the bottom half of the slide, you can see that our year over year EPS declined by $0.10, largely driven by $0.07 of headwinds from additional interest expense and a reduction in pension income versus the prior year, as well as a $0.05 headwind from Ardent Mills as that business moves towards a more normalized level of operations. Let me take a minute to talk about our 44% joint venture ownership in Ardent Mills. Ardent Mills is a premier flour milling and ingredient company. The primary business of Ardent is in the milling and selling of flour products at a margin. Most of the remaining business is commodity revenue that is generated by managing volatility in grain markets through trading operations. The decrease in Ardent's fiscal 24 results reflects slightly lower volume trends in the milling industry and a move towards a more normalized commodity revenue environment, which hit record levels in fiscal 23. Slide 31 reiterates the progress we've made to strengthen our balance sheet and improve cash flow. In Q4, we repaid a $1 billion senior note that matured in May 2024 through a combination of cash on hand, commercial paper borrowings and the issuance of a $300 million one year unsecured term loan. For the fiscal year, our ending net debt was $8.4 billion, a reduction of $777 million, or 8.5% from fiscal 23. We delivered strong year-over-year improvement in net cash flow from operating activities, primarily through reduced inventory balances and improved cash returns from Ardent Mills, generating $2 billion in net cash flow from operations and free cash flow of $1.6 billion, an improvement of approximately $1 billion over prior year. Capital expenditures increased 7% over prior year to $388 million. And we paid $659 million in dividends in fiscal 24. I'm very proud of these results, which reflect a focused commitment by the entire Conagra organization on cash flow. Reducing debt and lowering our net leverage ratio have been priorities for us. Slide 32 shows the consistent progress we've made, finishing fiscal 24 at a net leverage ratio of 3.37 times, well on our way to achieving our targeted 3.0 times leverage ratio by the end of fiscal 26. Sean already previewed the guidance metrics shown here on Slide 33. For fiscal 25, we are expecting organic net sales growth to be flat to down 1.5% versus fiscal 24, adjusted operating margin between 15.6% and 15.8%, and adjusted EPS between $2.60 and $2.65. The considerations underlying our fiscal 25 guidance are shown on Slide 34. As Sean discussed earlier, we're encouraged by the steady volume improvement and market share gains we've seen from the investments put in place during fiscal 24, and we expect to continue these investments in fiscal 25. We are projecting approximately 3% net inflation in fiscal 25, capital expenditures of $500 million, and full year gross productivity savings of approximately $350 million, or 4% of cost of goods sold. We expect operating margin of 15.6% to 15.8%, which is down from 16% in fiscal 24. This decline is driven by higher expected SG&A in fiscal 25, mostly from higher incentive compensation expense, which was down in fiscal 24. We expect to generate a free cash flow conversion of approximately 90% and further reduce our net leverage ratio to approximately 3.2 times by the end of fiscal 25. We expect to resume a minimal amount of share repurchases in fiscal 25 to offset dilution from our share-based equity incentive plans. In terms of how we expect the year to progress, we expect Q1 to deliver the lowest volume, top line, and adjusted gross margin of any quarter. While we still receive the benefit from pricing put in place in fiscal 24, Q1 will be impacted by continued brand building investments and wrapping on our highest top line quarter in the prior year. We are planning for sequential volume improvement each quarter after Q1 to achieve our full year sales guidance. Also, SG&A in the first quarter will face a headwind from wrapping the Q1 fiscal 24 adjustment to reduce incentive compensation expense. This morning, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the continuation of the company's annualized dividend rate of $1.40 per share, a 53% dividend payout ratio based on the midpoint of our fiscal 25 EPS guidance and in line with our targeted payout ratio. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Q - :

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-04-04 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Conagra Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier, SVP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for our live question-and-answer session on today's results. Once again, I'm joined this morning by Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO. We may be making some forward-looking statements and discussing non-GAAP financial measures during this session. Please see our earnings release, prepared remarks, presentation materials and filings with the SEC which can all be found in the Investor Relations section of our website for more information, including descriptions of our risk factors, GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and information on our comparability items. Operator, please introduce the first question.
Operator: The first question today comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, Sean, based on scanner data, most expected, I think, some upside in grocery and snacks and maybe a bit more weakness in refrigerated and frozen -- this dynamic was certainly more extreme, I think, in the quarter than I think many had modeled. So I guess in Grocery & Snacks, Conagra had about a 4% benefit from price mix and that was well ahead of what we thought. So curious kind of what drove that. And then in Refrigerated & Frozen, you talk about success in single-serve meals but trying to corroborate how we sort of marry that with the 8% organic sales decline in that segment and maybe that's more of a function of refrigerated versus frozen in some way. So those 2 aspects would be really helpful.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me unpack all of that for you, Andrew. As I said in the prepared remarks, things unfolded very much in line with what we expected. And as you heard us say, our investments in frozen have driven a nearly 7-point swing in our scanner volume from Q1 to the most recent 4 weeks where volume came in down a fairly modest 1.2%. So very strong progress in frozen overall which is important because that's been the focus of our investment. What you're seeing and the reason for the optics being a bit confusing is the reason the R&F segment in total numbers don't show the same magnitude of inflection is noise in the refrigerated part of the business which was, by the way, also consistent with what we anticipated. Recall, our refrigerated businesses are predominantly pass-through categories and one of the rare areas in our portfolio where we've actually experienced deflation and rolled back prices accordingly as pass-through categories do. And while that creates some short-term volatility in dollars until it's in the base as deflation passes through. Importantly, margins are preserved due to the lower COGS. The other dynamic that I'll point out there in RNF is, in addition to that piece, our table spreads business benefited in Q3 a year ago due to a large competitor having a particularly weak quarter due to supply chain challenges. So that's kind of some color on R&F and why the divergence between frozen and refrigerated. With respect to Grocery & Snacks segment, we also expected a solid quarter in the GMS segment and we got it. And there were several factors there from pricing in tomatoes to bounce back in canned meat like Chile, Vienna sausage, where you remember we had a recall in the year ago period but also strong innovation like our new Wendy's Chili, where we've grown significant market share. So overall, our grocery brands are great consumer options for people who are seeking to make convenient meals at a great value. It's also a good mix for us. But I think the big picture is one of the benefits of a scale, diversified portfolio is that, as they say, there are horses for courses. So you're inherently hedged when the macro environment is less stable than normal. Big picture for us. I like the volume momentum we saw in Q3. I like what I've seen so far in Q4 and I expect further progress from here.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Got it. And then I guess just lastly, obviously, volumes in the quarter were still down but a sequential improvement and that's obviously what the expected step-up in investment spend. So I guess you kind of talked to this a little bit but how would you characterize like the current volume momentum? And would you expect volume trends to inflect positively by the time we get to the start of FY '25? Or are dynamics still such in the broader industry that's a little bit hard to peg right now?
Sean Connolly: Well, it's one of the reasons why we're looking at this so closely. It's one of the reasons why I referenced the most recent 4-week scanner data in frozen being down a mirror of 1.2. We obviously are seeing and expect to continue to see further progress. We're not going to draw the line in the sand and say, this is the month, this is the day where it's going to -- it's going to cross over. Next quarter, obviously, when we give '25 guidance and have our annual operating plans fully rolled up, we'll give you that color. But it's moving in the right direction; that's the bottom line. I mean this is a food thing; everybody wants to see volumes go in the right direction. I think companies and investors are willing to see investment in order to do that. But what I think people want to see overall is, can you hold your gross margins while you're making those investments and getting the volume results that you want to see. And that's what was particularly encouraging to me in the quarter is we pretty much got -- we made the investments we intended to make -- we got the volume improvements that we wanted to see, we've got continued volume progress into Q4; and we've done all this while maintaining even expanding gross margins that we work very hard to kind of claw back after the initial compression from all the huge inflation we experienced a couple of years ago. So that, I think, is a positive and I think it foreshadows just continued momentum from here.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Just wanted to ask a quick question about 4Q. Your implied guidance might suggest around minus 2% in organic sales growth. It's pretty similar to what you posted in 3Q. Some might say it's a little prudent though. Just given -- you do have an easier comparison, both on 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-year basis, just looking that through, you have the lapping of the Americold issue. So I'm just curious if it's right to think that's a little bit prudent? Or are there may be some offsets to that, maybe a little bit of less of a help from mix perhaps just throwing that out there? Just trying to get a bit of color on those building blocks as you think about that.
Sean Connolly: Ken, I'll make just a quick overall comment and flip it to Dave. But after the last 9 months of kind of elongated volume recovery, our posture has been one of, let's lean toward prudent because the macro environment has been more volatile than I think anybody expected. And so that's been our posture. That's why we didn't bake in anything heroic in our back half plans and I think that will continue to be our posture until we see a macro that is just inherently bouncer than it's been. But it's going in the right direction and that's good and I think we're in the -- I like the way we're set up for Q4. Dave, do you want to make any additional comments on Ken's point?
Dave Marberger: No, I think you pretty much hit it. I mean, Ken, we're expecting sequential volume improvement and we've been talking about that and we've seen it through but we also expect to continue investing. So obviously, both of those things impact the top line and you referenced mix, we do have mix impacts in this portfolio and they can be slightly positive or slightly negative any quarter. So as Sean mentioned, we want to be prudent but they are the 3 key drivers that get us to the -- towards the low end of the sales guidance range for the year.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And just also to think about it this way too, Ken, is our fiscal ends in May which is kind of an odd month. But what's happening for us in May is our new innovation is rolling into the marketplace. We are focused at that point of the year, always on the next fiscal year and how do we build momentum in the next fiscal and peak events like Fourth of July, back to school. And so we're really getting so late in the year now that a lot of our attention is focused on getting these annual operating plans finalized and trying to set up next year to be as strong as possible, including around key dates and holidays and things like that.
Ken Goldman: And then while we're talking about next year, I realize it's too soon to provide any kind of quantitative numbers, I wouldn't ask for them or quantitative information rather. But at CAGNY, you said you're doing what you can to be as close as possible to be on algo. And I was just curious where your level of confidence on that topic stood today? How you're thinking about maybe balancing what might continue to be a challenging consumer environment, I guess, with maybe what also could be some friendly top line comparisons, progress on cost savings, cash flow and so forth. Just trying to think directionally how you guys are thinking about that now?
Sean Connolly: Well, you're 100% right. We will give you our complete and total view of fiscal '25 on our next call. I think for this call, I think the key messages to our investors are. We are getting momentum on the volume line. We are moving kind of toward that Mendoza line here that everybody wants to see us cross over at some point. Exactly when that happens, as you've heard from other companies, I think you'll get more perspective on that in the coming months as people finalize their plans. That will be true of us. But make no mistake about it, we've been watching the consumer for their readiness to kind of re-establish well, their typical behaviors. And we've said we're willing to kind of nudge them along if we see that readiness. And so we've been methodical in not only monitoring their readiness but putting the investment out there to nudge them and measuring the response we very carefully. And we're getting a good response we're getting close. It's not as if the momentum is slowing, if anything, had accelerated in the last quarter. So I think all I can say at this point is I like the setup. We just have to continue to do more of what we've been doing, continue to drive it which is that mindset of volume is important but so is protecting margin. And that's one of the things in our materials today that you saw is why our supply chain team is so important. That work we've got going on in supply chain to really maximize cost savings, provides critical fuel for growth and we expect that to continue. And that's how ultimately, over the long haul, that's how we're going to drive volumes back positive again. We got a really tremendous stuff going on in supply chain with cost savings right now. And as you saw in our Chief Supply Chain Officer, L.A. Ely's [ph] presentation at CAGNY we are on track to implement our connected shop floor program in half our facilities in the next couple of years. And that is outstanding performance overall. If you look across the industry, that's a leading position in the industry and that will be key to margin expansion going forward. And so we're very excited about that work and the legs that it still has in front of us.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore.
David Palmer: A question on Frozen. I'm curious, particularly on the frozen entrees which your thought there about a return to growth in sales in that business? And if there's any sort of juxtaposition that you would make between frozen entrees and frozen vegetables and how you view the challenges and opportunities for each and returning to growth?
Sean Connolly: Sure. David, you saw in the presentation today that in Q3 of '24, our frozen single-serve meal business achieved over a 51% market share which is up 1.7 points versus a year ago. And if you remember Tom McGough's comments from CAGNY, we have just -- we've become the leading frozen food producer in the United States, largely because of the success we've had in frozen single-serve meals over the last 5 years. So our performance there continues to be stellar and we continue to gain share. And by the way, I've made the comment many times that we under-index as a company in terms of competing with private label, Nowhere is that truer than in frozen single-serve meals. So for example, the entire size of private label in frozen single-serve meals is 1.8 points. Our business is 51.2 points of market share. And in fact, our growth in market -- unit market share in the last quarter was 1.7 points which is almost the total equivalent private label. So we like our position, our market and the market structure there. We like our brands and we feel great about it and it's been a growth juggernaut for us for the last 5 years and I see no reason why that won't continue. In terms of Birds Eye and vegetables, vegetables is one of the categories where earlier in the year, we saw consumers exhibit value-seeking behaviors. So for example, we saw some trade down from fresh and frozen vegetables to canned vegetables despite the obvious quality trade-offs. But Birds Eye is also one of the businesses that we are investing against with a clear focus on the superior relative value of frozen vegetables versus other choices. In fact, the advertising we're running now is directly comparative as I mentioned to you previously and features the clear benefit of our Stay Fresh flash freezing process which basically freezes time for the consumer and keeps our vegetables at the peak of freshness until the consumer is ready. So it's a clear advantage. And in the most recent 4 weeks of scanner data Birds Eye grew overall share even though our focus is really on the value-added tier. So we've got investments there. We've got momentum there and it's an important brand and you're not going to see us slow down on the marketing support and the innovation front.
David Palmer: I just wanted to follow up on Ken's question. Maybe one way to ask how is what ways are you going to be really reviewing your business in the coming months as you contemplate how you're going to be guiding fiscal '25? Is it simply just volumes getting closer to flat overall in the business? Or are there any areas of the business you would be particularly focused on that you will be -- that will really help you think about how you guide for '25.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think the way I think about it, principally, David, is we are an ROI-minded management team we are not bashful about putting investments out there to support our brands if they drive the impact that we want to see in the marketplace which in turn drives the return on investment. So where we are in our typical annual operating planning process is brand by brand, looking at the market fundamentals on what's happening within the brand dynamics, the competitive dynamics of the category, what do we know about the need for those consumers in those categories to have some kind of stimulus to kind of nudge them back to their normal behaviors. And what kind of lift can we expect. So we do that on a brand-by-brand basis and that ultimately leads to our investment profile. So we're in the midst of that right now. we are -- we've obviously run a lot of what you might consider to be test markets starting in Q2 in terms of those investments and understanding what those ROIs are. And we're racking it up right now. But I think what's encouraging is we are seeing responsiveness and we are seeing good ROI. And I think that bodes well going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: One thing that did stand out was that the inflation impact to margins did get a little bit worse quarter-over-quarter -- can you just expand on that if that's driven by commodities, non-commodities, I think you mentioned tomatoes with respect to some incremental pricing. Just any context on what is driving that and if there are any nuances.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I'll make a quick comment, Chris and flip it to Dave. Obviously, inflation has slowed but we're still in an overall inflationary environment and some things more recently have inflated and that has led to taking some price. So you get the benefit of that. But it also -- there's a lag effect. So we've kind of taken you all through that, the mechanics of how that works. And that's part of it, right? As you get -- when you get new inflation, you take new pricing, you got a bit of a lag effect, so you get a little bit of margin pressure in the early days while you're waiting for that to get reflected. And then you see a pretty rapid inflection from that point on. So that may be a piece of it, Dave, do you want to add more color to.
Dave Marberger: Yes, just a little color. So Chris, yes, we -- our inflation rate as a percentage of cost of goods sold for the quarter was 2.9%. And which drive the 1.9% margin impact that you see in the materials. So we're still on track for -- we said full year approximately 3%. We're still on track for that, maybe a tick above that. But the inflationary areas you mentioned, tomato as we've talked about that, we've taken pricing. That was a big driver of the price mix in Grocery & Snacks for the quarter. We've also seen inflation in more broadly in vegetables in different ingredients and sweeteners starches. We have some inflationary areas. These things ebb and flow. We still -- and we've talked about this in the past, we still have inflation in our manufacturing operations, both with our labor and overhead and transportation is relatively flat, a little bit inflationary. So we're pretty much in line. It is slightly higher but generally, we're managing it to the full year expectation.
Chris Carey: Okay. Perfect. Just -- and then a follow-up regarding the comment on pricing, just you mentioned tomatoes among other things, in the grocery and snacks business. How would you characterize the positive pricing there in the quarter? Was that due to your anomalies in the base period, anomalies in the quarter itself? Or are we looking at what appears to be a more durable positive price mix for that division from here on new pricing or lingering pricing which is now being fully reflected in the P&L. Thank you very much.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I mean we obviously got the biggest benefit was from the tomato pricing and we saw the expected benefits there. The elasticities were good and in line with what we expected. We also did have a benefit of mix in the quarter. So our price/mix which was a little over 4% for the quarter, we did get a benefit of mix which contributed as well. And so a lot of our businesses in Grocery & Snacks are progressing as we expected. And so that's driving a good mix for us. So that was part of the equation as well in the quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So can I ask to begin with just about the productivity improvements in the food service channels. It seemed as though they were particularly strong this quarter. Is that likely to continue going forward?
Sean Connolly: It was definitely a strong margin performance for food service. There's been a little bit of weakness in traffic in food service but I'd say overall, it was a very good quarter. And I think that is just an example of the productivity and total cost savings performance we expect across the portfolio, Alexia. So food service has opportunities but we've also got opportunities across the international business and the retail business in the U.S. as well. So we expect strong continued cost savings performance across the total portfolio.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then can I just hone in on private label in the frozen vegetable area. There seems to be some confusion out here about whether private label is becoming more of a problem just broadly or whether it's actually still fairly contained. Is there anything that you're seeing in terms of private label, either in frozen vegetables or more broadly that would suggest it's becoming more of an issue. Or is it really that the supply chain challenges have been overcome on the private label side but there doesn't seem to be any major red flags or anything on the horizon?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me frame that up for you. So you've got the big picture of how that works. Overall, as a company, we under-index, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, versus private label. That is obviously category specific. So there are some categories that have more private label. A good example is canned tomatoes, where you basically got Hunts, you've got private label and then you've got some kind of regional brands that are smaller in the area. One of the other categories where there is a larger piece of private label is frozen vegetables. But as you think about vegetables more broadly, vegetables are sold frozen. They're sold in the produce section and they're sold in the canned food section in the center of the store. And there's been a lot of movement between that as value-seeking behaviors have been out there. And one of that has been actually about 6 months ago, some trade out of frozen into can and we're seeing that come back. Within frozen vegetables Alexia, there are -- there's kind of the commodity vegetable tier -- and then there's the more premium steamer and then value-added tier which is soft season, things like that. For the last 2 years, we have been focused on building our business and our innovation pipeline in the premium value-added space and actually pulling back on the commodity veg space, doing more value over volume, as you've heard us talk before. And the reason for that is because that's a lower-margin business. Not surprisingly, it's more commodity oriented. So there's a role for us to play or there's -- that business plays a role for us as a company in terms of overhead absorption in our vegetable plants but our aspiration is not to be the world leaders and fastest growers in commodity veg tier within frozen because that's just arguably a bit of a misuse of our resources that we could people and otherwise but elsewhere because there's not much of a profit pool there. So it's important for us to maintain a certain scale of business there for overhead absorption purposes but that is not strategically where we play. When we look at frozen vegetables, we are looking -- and you can see in our innovation pipeline and more premium products and more value-added tier.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Sean, just, I guess, a question specific to frozen. I mean it sounds like the ROI on the investments have been attractive. You seem very kind of upbeat and encouraged to the momentum on the business. But at the same time, when we think about kind of what's happened in the quarter, doesn't really seem like a lot of that was driven necessarily by kind of upside, so to speak, within that volume component within Refrigerated and frozen. So I'm just curious, as you speak to those investments, are we talking kind of more promotional activity, you're doing better and better and bigger pack sizes. Just trying to gauge kind of what's like your perspective as to why the ROIs are good and kind of what you're doing right because optically, as we look at the number in the segment which does include refrigerated it's not really better and there was, I think, a little bit of an easier compare. So just trying to gauge -- get a little bit more color on that one piece.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think to not get too twisted up in the optics of the combined R&F segment -- if you look at -- I think it was Page 10 of our presentation today which was consumption in our consumer domains. That's really the key kind of evidence point of what we're seeing from our investments. So our investments have been heavily skewed towards frozen, as I mentioned, because that's a very strategic business for us. And that line -- that consumption line there in terms of volume change has moved from minus 7.8% in Q1 of fiscal '24 to minus 2.8% in Q3 '24 and in the most recent -- in the first month of the fourth quarter, that number is about a minus 1.2%. So that's when I referenced the nearly 7-point swing in consumption that we've seen over the last couple of quarters, that's precisely what I'm talking about. And that is a very, very meaningful move in terms of the category, I think you'll be hard-pressed to find a bigger move more broadly in food. What is creating the noise in the R&F segment data is the refrigerated which I don't have here for you broken out volumes dollars in the absolute which is a function of 2 things that I referenced. One is the rollback in prices because of the deflationary categories there and also the ramp that we had in one of our -- in our table spreads business. So that's really what's behind that. But the movement in the volume is the basis for the ROI comment that I made and you can see how that movement has come out, it's been very material.
Rob Dickerson: And then just a quick question on gross margin, very simplistically. Clearly, I hear all your comments in the prepared remarks around productivity efficiencies, [indiscernible] pricing and grocery and snacks all positive. But I'm just curious like what changed relative to coming out of Q2, right, in early January? Because I think the commentary previously for the year was gross margin would probably be similar back half maybe relative to Q2 but now it seems like it will clearly be better in the back half relative to Q2 and that kind of took place over the course of 2 months. So it seems like something changed to the upside? I just like to know what that's all.
Dave Marberger: Rob. So I think you'd agree that if you look over the last 6 quarters, there's been a lot of volatility in our supply chain. And so when forecasting gross margin, we want to be -- we want to make sure that we're considering all scenarios around operations. The fact of the matter is, is that if you look at a year ago, we had a lot of -- we still had a lot of things going on in supply chain with some recalls and some other challenges that we had that did impact the profitability. So as Sean talked about, our core productivity programs are on track. We're focused on the projects. We're executing -- so we're really seeing that benefit. The inflation is still coming in, we're still investing and you see those as part of margin. And we still have a headwind from absorption. So because the volumes are down. And importantly, we're driving inventory down. So our production in our plants has been down and we're managing that. That's been a headwind. But we haven't had any other disruptions like we've had the last couple of years in supply chain, given the environment that now we're able to -- we're really encouraged that we're able to make -- fund the investments we want to fund and execute our productivity programs and drive the gross margins that we're looking for. So one quarter doesn't make a year but we're really encouraged by what we saw this quarter and we're going to build on it.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Super. Thanks, Dave. Appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. And that concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-01-04 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bayle Ellis, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bayle Ellis: Good morning, and thanks for joining us for the Conagra Brands second quarter and first-half fiscal 2024 earnings call. Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO, will first discuss our business performance, and then, we'll open up the call for Q&A. We will be making some forward-looking statements today. And while we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted numbers that exclude items, management believes, impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release and the slides for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, and information on our comparability items, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Bayle. Good morning, everyone, and Happy New Year. Thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal '24 earnings call. Let's start with the Q2 headlines, shown here on Slide 5. At a macro level, the industry-wide shifts in U.S. consumer behavior, that we discussed on last quarter's call, persisted into the second quarter. These behavior shifts continued to pressure volume and mix. However, while the consumer is still deploying some value-seeking tactics when they shop, we are seeing clear progress when it comes to volume recovery. In Q2, that progress was most notable in our Refrigerated and Frozen segment, in particular, our Frozen business. This inflection was helped by investments on key brands as we were seeking to understand consumer readiness to revert back to more typical purchase behaviors. We saw outstanding responsiveness that will inform our back-half actions. More on that in a moment. The net result was a clear improvement in volume trends, with domestic retail volume loss that was half of what we saw in Q1. We delivered solid margins and EPS, as well as excellent free cash flow conversion. Our productivity initiatives remain on track. Although, we also saw some absorption impact from our volume declines. As we look ahead to the second-half, we have a robust investment plan in-place, reflecting our increased confidence in consumer responsiveness to brand building levers. Our goal is to continue to build momentum with our consumers as we move through the back-half of the fiscal year, and then, enter fiscal '25 in a position of strength. I will share more on our multifaceted action plan in a few minutes. Finally, we are updating our guidance for fiscal '24, reflecting both the consumer environment and the additional brand investments in the second-half of the year. After tremendous initial resilience in the face of a record inflation super cycle, U.S. consumer behavior shifts did emerge last spring in our industry as the cumulative effect of inflation caused consumers to begin to stretch their budgets. This resulted in a reprioritization of food choices as shoppers adjusted purchase behavior towards more stretchable meals. This slide reprises some of those shifts we discussed last quarter. At that time, we told you that we expected these trends to be transitory. We still believe that to be the case. But the pace of the shift back to normal consumer behavior has been slower than we initially expected, and that pressured our volume, performance and mix in the second quarter. That said, the tide appears to be turning. When we discussed these behavior shifts last quarter, Frozen was one of our most impacted businesses, specifically, our frozen single-serve meals. After five years of consistent strength, we saw some consumers looking to alternatives such as multi-serve meals and scratch cooking to stretch their budgets. We didn't expect that trend to be lasting as the unshakable consumer demand for convenience, combined with Conagra driven product innovation, has generated strong Frozen demand for a long-time now. As I noted in my opening remarks, we believe it's important to understand consumer readiness to resume more typical shopping behaviors before more fully ramping-up investments to facilitate the process. We want to be confident that our investments will have the desired impact. With that in mind, during the second quarter, we did invest in certain key businesses to assess consumer response to increased brand building stimulus. Most noteworthy was our largest Frozen business, single-serve meals, where we deployed high-quality merchandising nationally. The results were very encouraging, with lifts up 60%. These lifts ultimately drove meaningful gains in our market share. As you can see on this slide, our Q2 share in this business approached 51%, eclipsing last year's gains and also setting a new record. The net of this is while the consumer is still stretched, they are responding to high-quality brand building stimulus. And when you look at volume trends, while not yet positive, you can see that progress is clearly underway. Slide 9 shows volume results in our key U.S. retail segments, both separately and combined. I'll draw your attention to the chart on the left, where you can really see the impact of our investment actions. As a result of these investments, Refrigerated and Frozen segment volume went from minus 10.5% in the first quarter to minus 3.3% in the second quarter, coming in-line with volumes in Grocery and Snacks. Overall, our targeted investments in Q2 helped cut the total domestic retail volume decline in half compared to the first quarter, not all the way back, but good progress. I'm also pleased to report that we continued to deliver momentum in our International and Foodservice businesses, which together account for approximately 18% of total Q2 revenue. International grew organic net sales by 5.6% in the quarter, while our two largest markets, Mexico and Canada, delivered organic net sales growth above 9%. This was a result of our International team's outstanding execution, including strong brand activation, improved point-of-sale performance, innovation that is resonating with our customers, and expanded distribution in Mexico. Our Mexican business has now delivered four consecutive quarters of volume growth. In Foodservice, we delivered organic net sales growth of 4.3% in the quarter, driven largely by favorable price mix as well as expanded distribution in our Frozen portfolio, which accounted for roughly half of our total Foodservice business. Slide 11 details our second quarter results, including organic net sales of approximately $3 billion, which is down 3.4% compared to last year. Adjusted gross margin of 26.9% was down 129 basis points from last year, reflecting our targeted investments and the absorption impact associated with the volume decline. Adjusted operating margin of 15.9% was down 108 basis points compared to last year and adjusted earnings per share of $0.71 was down approximately 12% versus last year. Importantly, we delivered strong free cash flow during the second quarter. Dave will cover this in more detail shortly. But as you can see on Slide 12, free cash flow in the first-half of fiscal '24 was almost six times what it was in the first-half of fiscal '23. We used some of that free cash flow to paydown debt, bringing our net leverage ratio to 3.55 times in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we have a robust and multifaceted investment plan in-place for the second-half of the year, reflecting our confidence in consumer responsiveness to our brand building efforts. On Slide 13, you can see images from our new advertising investments, focused on our biggest brands, including Birds Eye, Healthy Choice and Slim Jim. You may have already seen some of the terrific work we've done this year with Slim Jim and the WWE, building on the heritage and built-in awareness of our long-term partnership with Wrestling Legend, Randy Macho Man Savage. Fiscal '24 is one of our biggest innovation slates yet. We are backing those launches with meaningful increases in slotting in-store and other sales support versus the prior year. Slide 14 highlights some of the exciting innovation we've recently launched. If we have any chili lovers on the call, I highly recommend our Wendy's Chili. You can get the true restaurant taste of this beloved Chili at home. Finally, Slide 15 highlights the investments we're making in high-quality merchandising. Our efforts are focused on reengaging consumers with our existing products to capture market share as well as introducing consumers to our new innovation. The targeted investments we made during the second quarter give us confidence that our multifaceted brand building investments in the second-half of the year will drive momentum going into 2025. We're updating our guidance for fiscal '24, reflecting both the consumer environment and the additional brand investments in the second-half of the year, our new guidance includes organic net sales decrease between 1% and 2% compared to fiscal '23, adjusted operating margin of approximately 15.6%, and adjusted EPS between $2.60 and $2.65. Overall, we remain confident in our brands, plans, people and agility, as we continue to navigate this shifting consumer environment. With that, I'll pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials in more detail.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Slide 18 highlights our results from the quarter. Overall, our team executed well as we continue to navigate consumer behavior shifts that pressured our volume and mix. In Q2, net sales were $3.2 billion. As Sean discussed earlier, this reflects a 3.4% decrease in organic net sales, driven primarily from lower year-over-year volumes. However, this is the third quarter in a row, where the rate of volume change versus the prior year quarter improved. Amid these broader macroeconomic challenges and increased brand investments, we delivered solid margins and EPS, along with strong free cash flow during the second quarter. Adjusted gross profit decreased by 7.6% in the quarter as the positive impact from productivity initiatives was offset by cost of goods sold inflation, unfavorable operating leverage, lower organic net sales and increased trade investment. Adjusted operating profit decreased 9.3% and adjusted EBITDA decreased 7%, largely driven by the decrease in adjusted gross profit, partially offset by an increase in equity earnings, driven by continued strong operating performance in our Ardent Mills joint venture. We delivered Q2 adjusted net income of $341 million or $0.71 per diluted share. Slide 19 provides a breakdown of our net sales for Q2. The 3.4% decrease in organic net sales was primarily driven by the consumer dynamics just discussed. Further contributing to the decline was a 0.5% decline in price mix, which reflects an increase in strategic trade investments made during the period and an unfavorable mix impact from selling a higher percentage of lower sales dollar per unit items. This was partially offset by price increases taken on our tomato-based products, given the continued high inflation. We also saw a small benefit from foreign exchange, which is reflected in our net sales decline of 3.2%. Slide 20 outlines the top-line performance for each segment in Q2. While organic net sales were down in our domestic retail segments, we delivered sequential volume progress that benefited from the targeted strategic investments Sean discussed earlier. We also continued the strong momentum in our International and Foodservice segments, which delivered Q2 organic growth of 5.6% and 4.3%, respectively. Slide 21 shows our Q2 adjusted margin bridge. While our productivity initiatives remain on track, our margin was negatively affected by the continued impact of overhead absorption from our lower volumes. Cost of goods sold inflation was a headwind of 1.7% and price mix was a 0.6% headwind, which reflects the retailer investments made during the period. These factors, combined, drove the decline in adjusted gross margin for the quarter. Our adjusted operating margin benefited from small year-over-year favorability in A&P and SG&A. Slide 22 details our margin performance by segment for Q2. Adjusted operating margin in both our Grocery and Snacks and Refrigerated and Frozen segments decreased due to the margin drivers I just discussed, although inflation impacted the Grocery and Snacks segment at a higher-rate than Refrigerated and Frozen. We were pleased that our Foodservice adjusted operating margin expanded 193 basis points and our International segment's adjusted operating margin expanded 30 basis points, both driven by higher organic net sales and productivity, as both segments are showing consistent improvement. Foodservice also benefited from comparison to prior year Q2, which included supply chain disruptions. Our Q2 adjusted EPS performance of $0.71 was $0.10 below the prior year quarter, primarily from the decline in adjusted gross profit and pension income and higher interest expense. This was partially offset by slightly lower A&P and adjusted SG&A expense, along with increased equity method investment earnings driven by Ardent Mills. The A&P change was timing-related, as we expect to increase A&P spending in the second-half, and the decline in SG&A was primarily the reduction in incentive compensation versus the prior year. Slide 24 displays the significant progress we made in the quarter and first-half on free cash flow and our net leverage ratio. Over the first-half of fiscal '24, we delivered a $532 million improvement in free cash flow with a conversion rate of approximately 97%, the highest first-half conversion rate over the past five years. Our focus on managing inventory levels and improvement in accounts payable directly contributed to these strong results. In addition, we had strong cash distributions from Ardent Mills in the second quarter, reflecting the strong profit and cash flow performance of Ardent Mills the last few years. Our strong free cash flow has helped us deliver debt reduction during the period. At the end of Q2, our net leverage ratio was 3.55 times, reflecting debt repayment of more than $500 million over the last 12 months. Looking ahead to the remainder of fiscal '24, we expect to continue our debt reduction efforts as we prioritize our long-term leverage target of 3 times. We chose not to repurchase any shares in the quarter as we continue to prioritize paying down debt this fiscal year. We will continue to evaluate the best use of capital to optimize shareholder value as we progress through the fiscal year. As mentioned, we are updating our guidance for fiscal '24 to reflect our year-to-date results, expectations for the slower pace of volume recovery and the additional brand investments in the second-half. Slide 25 outlines our expectations for our three key metrics, including organic net sales to decrease between 1% and 2% compared to fiscal '23, with volumes continuing to improve through the back-half of the year. Adjusted operating margin of approximately 15.6% and adjusted EPS between $2.60 and $2.65. Turning to Slide 26. I'd like to take a minute to walk-through the considerations and assumptions behind our guidance. We expect net inflation to moderate through the remainder of the fiscal year, resulting in an inflation rate of approximately 3% for fiscal '24. Regarding pricing, there are a few dynamics currently at play. With our estimated 3% inflation rate, we are seeing areas that are still highly inflationary such as tomatoes and starches, which are up above the average, and areas that are deflationary such as edible oils and dairy, which are below the average. These dynamics have resulted in both inflation justified pricing actions and select pass-through price reductions included in our outlook. We expected - expect that these dynamics, combined with our increased second-half investments, will result in price mix being down versus prior year in the second-half. We now anticipate CapEx spend of approximately $450 million in fiscal '24, as we continue to make investments to support our growth and productivity priorities with a focus on capacity expansion and automation. As a result, we continue to expect to achieve gross productivity savings of approximately $300 million by the end of fiscal '24. We expect interest expense to approximate $440 million, primarily due to a higher weighted average interest rate on outstanding debt. While we do not expect to receive any benefit from pension income, we expect Ardent Mills to contribute approximately $170 million to our bottom-line due to its continued strong performance. Our full-year tax-rate estimate remains approximately 24%. As I discussed, we are prioritizing our debt reduction efforts and expect to further reduce our outstanding net debt in the second-half. Longer-term, we remain on track to reach our 3 times net leverage ratio target by the end of fiscal '26. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for listening. I'll now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Sean Connolly: Morning, Andrew.
Dave Marberger: Morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, Sean, I know that - I think, investor concern for the Group as a whole, right, has been sort of building that there would ultimately be a need for sort of greater price investment to deliver volume improvement, and that it could get to the point where it could start more negatively impact sort of margin profiles. So, I guess, my question is, how can we be comfortable that the investments being made are sort of ROI or value-enhancing rather than, let's say, money being spent to simply flatter volume at the expense of margins and sort of disrupt the broader competitive environment?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think, Andrew, in terms of how we think about return on investment, let me be very clear around what we are and what we're not doing in support of our brands. Number one, as you heard in our prepared remarks, we've got a multifaceted investment plan that spans advertising, innovation support, merchandising support and more. Number two, we've got an ROI mindset in everything we do. This Company has worked very hard to expand our operating margins over the last nine years and we did not get there by being frivolous. Number three, with respect to merchandising, I've consistently pointed out that there was room to do more in a high-quality way, operative words high-quality, now that the supply chain is humming again, especially on key brands and around key merchandising windows. And as you know, Conagra's merchandising today is very different from a decade ago. Our overall merchandising levels are below peers and our depth of discount is extremely reasonable. It's been, over the last several years, more of a frequency strategy. The last point I'll make is that part of our ROI mindset is understanding where the consumer is in terms of their readiness to reengage with more typical purchase behaviors and it was important that we test that a bit in Q2. And as you heard in our remarks, we liked what we saw. So, I think, all of this adds up to a deliberate plan in the second-half to smartly invest to build momentum with consumers, set ourselves up for a nice fiscal '25 and be very responsible in terms of the types of activities we engage in, and, again, it's everything from merchandising to advertise. But that - I think that's kind of the response I give it to the - that question.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you for that. And then, the assumption, I think, it was that consumer behavior by now - or the initial assumption anyway, was that consumer behavior by now would have started to improve, and as you talked about, it seems the timing of that has been pushed out a bit. I guess, what are you embedding in terms of consumer behavior into your sort of new guidance at this stage?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Great question. Here's how to think about where we are big picture. Yes, the macro-environment has challenged volumes for the Group a bit longer than expected. And yes, we would all like to get back on growth algorithms ASAP. But in the simplest sense, before you can return to volume growth, you have to sunset the volume declines and get them into your base. And that's why we've been very focused on tracking volume trends. And as you saw in our deck, those trends have improved significantly, particularly, where we have invested to reengage lapsed consumers. In fact, Conagra's trend bend in Q2 has been one of the better ones in the Group. So, given the consumer response we saw in Q2, the associated increase in H2 investments and the easier comps we've got in H2, we fully expect that the volume declines will further sunset in the second-half. But to be clear, and to answer your question, we are not banking on a major improvement in the macro or are we signing-up for huge volumes. The goal at this juncture is to build momentum, move the volumes back toward growth as we approach fiscal '25, and make sure that we deliver along the way without signing-up for anything heroic. And I think that kind of best describes where we are.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hi, guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Sean Connolly: Morning, Pete.
Dave Marberger: Morning.
Peter Galbo: Dave, just in your commentary around kind of price mix, both on the quarter and into the back-half of the year, I think, you spoke a bit about not only the incremental investment, but also just some of the pass-through nature. Just is there any way to elaborate more dimensionalize, just how much of the price mix decline is really that pass-through component relative to maybe some of the incremental investments you're making at retailers?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Let me try to give you some color, and kind of unwind the price mix. Let me start with Q2. So, our price mix for the quarter was minus 0.5%. There were several dynamics to that. So, if you start with our tailwinds. As I mentioned, we did take pricing. We thought we have high inflation in tomatoes. We took tomato pricing in our domestic retail and Foodservice business. We did have some other pricing in International. That was partially offset by some pass-through pricing we have basically in our oil-based businesses, which is our spreads business. So, when you net those together, pricing was actually a tailwind. So, it was positive in that price mix. The other component was investment in slotting. Slotting was pretty significant. This quarter, it was about 30 basis points year-on-year of investment to support our large slate of innovation, which we talked about in the prepared remarks. And other piece that was negative this quarter was mix. And this is simply selling a higher percentage of our lower sales dollar per unit item. So, for example, lower sales on a multi-serve meals like Bertolli relative to higher sales on the Banquet pot pie, that is just a negative sales mix. That's the timing thing, Peter. So, over the course of the year, that tends to work-out, but quarter-to-quarter it can flip a little positive or a little negative. So, that was negative in this quarter. And then, the remaining piece is the trade and merchandising investment. And that was less than the slotting investment for the second quarter. So, there is a lot in there that gets to that 0.5%. I did comment that in the second-half, we do expect price mix to be down. Those dynamics are pretty much the same. We would expect less negative impact from mix in the second-half and more increase in the, kind of, the trade and merchandising investment. So, the second-half price mix will be a little bit down a little bit more than we saw in Q2, but directionally in that in that area. So, that - hopefully, that gives you some color on price mix.
Peter Galbo: Yes. No, that's very helpful. Thank you for that. And then, maybe just - secondly, like, on the leverage piece, guys, you have the bond that comes due in May. The leverage at least has kind of stabilized, but with the earnings coming down. Just how are you thinking about debt paydown on that $1 billion relative to refinance at this point as we kind of go-forward here?
Dave Marberger: Sure. So, we're always looking at all of our options. Obviously, we have our commercial paper. We have a lot of liquidity. As you saw in the first-half, our free cash flow was very strong. Usually, this Company, we don't deliver really strong free cash flow in the first-half. Our conversion is usually very low with all the free cash flow coming in the second-half. Well, given our focus on working capital and Ardent Mills cash distributions, we had a very strong first-half, and we expect the second-half free cash flow to be very strong as well. So, it puts us in a nice position, where come May, when the bond is due, we're going to have strong free cash flow. We have access to our commercial paper and then, obviously, we're always looking at the capital markets to see if there's an opportunity to refinance. Rates seem to be coming down. We watch them very closely. So, we look at all the options and we figure out what's the best combination. Maybe, we use our free cash flow to paydown some of it and refinance the other part. But we'll look at all our options as we go-forward. But - I like where we are, given our strong free cash flow.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. I guess, it's a two-parter. One is, I think, the guidance at the start of the year for advertising was to grow it as a percentage of sales to be consistent with what it was last year. And so, I guess, the first part of the question is, now that you've cut your sales guide, does that mean that the advertising - it sounds like you're keeping advertising the same, so does that mean that it will be higher as a percentage of sales for the year, or do you have to cut the A&P commensurate with the sales growth?
Dave Marberger: Yes, Rob. So, let me answer that a couple different ways. So, if you just look at the total year, our guide - our operating margin guide is approximately 15.6%, that's where we came in, in fiscal '23. And when you look at gross margin, you look at A&P and SG&A, we generally expect to be in-line with where we were prior year. So, to your question, if - we were 2.4% last year, if we come in again at 2.4% dollar-wise, that's a little bit lower than where we were, and we're still looking at that. There is opportunity to spend up if we want to. The way we look at it though is if you look at A&P first-half versus second-half, our A&P spending is going to be up around 20% in the second-half relative to the first-half. So, we're just looking at what's the run-rate on spend now and what is it going to be in the second-half to support the advertising that Sean talked about in our other kind of digital advertising that we've been doing. So, we feel good about the second-half and the trajectory of the A&P relative to the first-half.
Sean Connolly: Rob, it's Sean. I'll just add a point on there. As we talk to our team about delivering this year, we said at the beginning of the year two things we're going to have to demonstrate as a team and those things are agility and resilience. And part of the agility piece, from the beginning of the year, has been really trying to understand the consumer readiness to resume more typical purchase behaviors after we saw some of the shifts emerge in the spring. And so, you may recall on last quarter's call, I mentioned that our assessment was that consumer wasn't quite ready to engage in that. So, we were fairly conservative in Q1 and Q2 in terms of deploying some of these dollars, because we wanted to kind of keep those funds for the back-half of the year where we had more confidence that the consumer was really going to be ready. And we - as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we deliberately tried to assess that readiness in Q2. And we really - we're quite encouraged by what we saw. So, now that we've got - a lot of our powder is still dry for the back-half of the year, we've got some easier comps and we've got consumers that are demonstrating a real willingness to kind of reengage their more typical purchase behaviors with a little bit of a nudge from us across this multifaceted investment plan. We like where we sit in terms of the fullness of the support for the back-half of the year.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Second part is, it sounds like you're very happy with the lifts you've seen in the promotional activity behind Frozen. Sean, can you speak more broadly about whether the food industry and retailers overall are happy with the lifts that they're seeing on a more broad-based basis? I think I hear kind of some dissatisfaction from certain big retailers about the lifts, and that the rollbacks haven't gotten the response that they fully expected. Is it possible to speak more broadly about what you're seeing?
Sean Connolly: Yes. I'll give you a sense of it, Rob, because we've got a pretty - we've got a pretty large scope here at Conagra. And so, if you look at where we invest and where we want to get good lifts, we're super selective, right. We pick our spots. We're not out there spending money trying to drive lifts on Manwich or business like that. We're driving lifts, we're focusing our dollars on those categories where we know the consumer really wants to buy the category. But for other reasons, particularly, the objective of trying to stretch their budget, they've made a short-term sacrifice, and that's the way they describe it to us when we talk to them. They're depriving themselves, they're sacrificing particularly on convenience items. So, if you look at a product, like Frozen single-serve meals, where we saw such tremendous lift in Q2, what you've got going on here is some consumers who were really financially stretched were basically forced to give up on some of that buying rate. They didn't stop buying the category. They reduced their buying rate and they started doing things like scratch cooking rice and beans and ground beef. They do not want to do that. I can assure you. I have been in food for 30 years. That's the last thing they want to do, and they don't like to cook, they don't like to clean, they don't like any of that. They'd rather be buying our stuff. But when they've got to make some short-term trade-offs, especially, over the course of the summer when they were spending their money on things like travel, they'll do it short-term. But when you give consumers with that kind of a headset, a bit of a stimulus to reengage, they're super responsive to it. But, again, not every category is created equal. So, if it's a - if it's more of a staple category, where there's another alternative, where they were trading down to a store brand, maybe you're not going to get a lift. But that's not the kind of investments we're talking about. Those are not the kind of events or categories where we're focusing our energy.
Robert Moskow: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning. Happy New Year.
Dave Marberger: Morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Pam.
Bayle Ellis: Happy New Year, Pam.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you give some more color on the drivers behind your reduced top-line guidance for the year? How much of it is a change in your expectation for volumes versus greater price investment? And then, just - you mentioned that in the second-half, you'll see price declines. Can you frame the magnitude of the declines relative to the second-quarter?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Pam, it's Sean. Let me make just a quick comment upfront. I'll flip it over to Dave. The macro-environment that we talked about in Q1, I mentioned again today, it persisted into Q2. So, we've just seen fewer purchases in our first-half than we would have assumed at the beginning of the year. So, that's part of the call down the top-line. The second part of it is, I don't want to sign us up at this point for any kind of heroic volume recovery in the back-half of the year, because I think the mood of our investors is, let's be prudent, let's be up the middle of fairway, let's put some targets out there that are not making any grand assumptions that we can meet or beat. And that's kind of what's behind it, because we like the momentum we saw in the second-quarter. We have every intention of further driving that momentum in the second-half. And we have a high degree of confidence that we're going to get what we expect. And that - at this point, that's really what we're focused on, is fiscal '25 - setting up a really nice fiscal '25 and exiting this year with momentum. And the sales outlook that we've given for the balance of the last year, kind of, is right in that vein. Dave, over to you.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, Pam, if you just take the midpoint of our guide for the year on organic net sales, that implies a second-half organic net sales of minus 1%. And that's going to be a combination, based on the way we forecasted it and incorporating the comments - the important comment Sean just made, is a combination of price mix - slightly negative price-mix and slightly negative volume. The combination of those two to get to the minus 1% organic, that's H2. And that's improvement on total sales and volumes as we've seen Q1 to Q2, and then H2, we expect that improvement to continue, so that as - we continue to track towards growth by the time we get to the end of fiscal '24.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, just to clarify on the reduction in your operating margin guidance for the year. How much of that is a reflection of your expectations for lower gross margins versus increased operating expenses and more brand investment?
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, if you look at the second-half, gross margins - if you look at where we landed the first-half in gross margins, we were at 27.2%, I think, is our first-half gross margin. Our second-half should be generally in-line with that, maybe a little bit below that. So, the second-half, where you're going to see the reduction in operating margin is coming from the higher investment in A&P as a percentage of sales and the timing of SG&A being higher in H2 than it was in H1. So, that's really the second-half reduction in operating margin. So, when the dust settles and you look at the full-year, we've guided to 15.6% operating margin, that will be in-line with fiscal '23. And if you look at kind of where we land with margin A&P and SG&A, we'll be pretty close to where we were prior year.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Dave Marberger: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about innovation, in terms of - I guess during the pandemic and also during the period of supply chain disruption, I imagine that the pace of innovation was dramatically reduced. How quickly is it recovering? Can you give us any numbers on how quickly the pace of innovation is likely to pick-up over the course of the next few quarters?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Alexia. So, let me take us back to kind of the pandemic for a minute. When we guide - hit with the pandemic, we fully expected that we would hit the pause button on innovation even though we had the pipeline ready to launch. To our surprise, our customers asked us in a very convincing way not to do that. And so, we slowed innovation launches modestly during the pandemic, but only modestly. And in fact, if you look at the amount of innovation we continued to put into the marketplace through the pandemic, it was probably the highest or among the highest in our peer group. So, we really didn't pause the way we expected. When we kept - we kept the momentum there since then. Last year was a much bigger launch, it was one of our biggest launches yet, and we had tremendous performance in terms of productivity per TPD and overall TPDs. And this year is perhaps our biggest innovation slate yet. So, the - we'll share some metrics when we're at CAGNY. Just to give you, kind of, what we track historically, we track this thing called renewal rate, which is a percentage of our annual sales. It comes from items we've launched in the last three years. 10 years ago, we were probably at 8%. And then, over the last five years, we probably hit a high watermark of 15%. So, that's kind of the ballpark we like to be in, is that 13% to 15% depending upon what we've got coming into the marketplace. And, again, this year is our biggest launch year yet. And we've also, as Dave pointed out, backed that with customer investments and slotting investments, both in the front-half and, very materially, in the second-half of this year. And we'll do the full parade of innovation for you in a month or so at CAGNY, so you can see it. We hit some of the highlights today in our prepared remarks. I think the fun one is this Wendy's chili business, because we're always focused on Frozen and Snacks around here. And this thing has just emerged from zero to be a major player in that category. So, more to come on that in CAGNY. But net-net, it's a very significant year for us on an innovation front.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. So just two quick questions. Just - I don't think it's an impact, but all the drama going on in the Red Sea, I just want to make sure there's no issue with freight rates or some of the temporary specs that we're seeing that's the first question. And then the second question is just, Sean, I'd love your kind of observation of out-of-home versus in-home. It seems like it's a very mixed bag depending on what category or meal occasion we're talking about. But I just love your view because the thought is if the consumer is coming under more pressure, we should start seeing more in-home consumption, which should benefit you as the year kind of goes through. So I'd just love your thoughts on that.
Sean Connolly: All right. So Nik, the first one is easy. The answer is no, no impact there. And on the second one, that is a very keen observation because I mentioned how our volume outlook for the back half of the year does not assume anything heroic. Part of not assuming anything heroic, we're not assuming that some of the away-from-home dollars begin to shift into at home, and you're 100% correct. If that happens, that's a tailwind for us and probably for the group. What's very interesting is how sticky some of this away-from-home spending has been even though we've seen a challenged consumer who is making trade-offs to stretch their household balance sheet. The one place that they've been fairly resilient is in their away-from-home spending. Should consumers stress increase from here. That is historically the first place that you would see an additional behavior shift is, you would see a reduction in away-from-home spend and you would see an equal and opposite response in home eating. That has not happened yet. But as we think about calendar year 2024, certainly, that is a potential positive if the environment remains stressed and the consumer decides they need to make further shifts.
Nik Modi: And so just a follow-up on that. When you think about price gaps, right, with your strategic investments, is it really just kind of thinking about what goes on within the center of the store within the frozen unit or are you also thinking about kind of some of the price gaps between what you guys sell versus what maybe some low-end QSR would be priced at?
Sean Connolly: The price gaps versus away-from-home tend to take care of themselves. When the consumer reaches a point and they say, look, my burrito and my coke to go have now gotten too expensive, they first make the switch to stop doing that. Second, they switch to buy in the grocery store. And third, hopefully, they're buying our products. But we do look at our categories and look at this volume malleability as if it is an open set, meaning it's not just what's on shelf and then what's to the left or right of it that's switching, but it could be other categories. So an example would be, I referenced in our prepared remarks today that we are going to be - one of the things we're going to be investing behind is advertising on our Birds Eye business. Well, that is in the marketplace right now. It is running, and it is directly comparative advertising to canned vegetables. And it is focused on delivering a superior relative value message because while it might be tempting to trade down to a canned vegetable in the current environment, the trade-off on quality is simply not worth that trade down, and you end up actually in a worse value proposition. So that's an example of where we're thinking about the competitive set more broadly than what's immediately to the left or right of our products in any given section, and we're thinking about where consumers might go elsewhere, and really getting after that in a very targeted hard-hitting way with a focus on quality and superior relative value.
Nik Modi: Excellent, very helpful. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Max Gumport of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. Turning back to gross margins, so a year ago, you were really the first packaged food company to begin to sunset the inflation super cycle and start to post sizable gross margin expansion. But with price mix turning negative now, partly due to the increased trade investment, it seems like productivity is now fighting against inflation, absorption and the negative price mix to hold up gross margin. Are these trends still in line with the mechanical nature of how these inflationary cycles typically have played out in the past? Or are there nuances starting to develop this time around? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Well, Max, I'll kick it off and then flip it to Dave. All the mechanical rep stuff should work the way it always does unless there is something new going on with the consumer. And what we saw right after Easter was that something new did start emerging with the consumer as they started making some of these behavior shifts. So that dynamic is not assumed in the typical mechanics of a wrap, right? So that's why - and by the way, as soon as that dynamic begins to either be embedded in the base or just improving the outright, then the mechanics of a typical wrap go right back to what they would always be. So that's why we've been focused on these volume trends because right through last quarter, when you looked at the group, you didn't see the bend when you looked across 15 weeks, 13 weeks, five weeks. Now, particularly for us, you've seen that bend. And that bend is getting pretty close to being kind of embedded in the base. And once it does, then you're set up to be back on algorithm, so to speak. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. So if you just look at the guidance and you kind of say, okay, where are we going to land? We guided to operating margin of 15.6%. In that is gross margin, and gross margin is going to come in pretty close to where it landed in fiscal 2023. So you look at that and you say, okay, we kept gross margin flat to prior year when we've wrapped on pricing, our sales are going to be down for the year based on our guidance, and we've had a pretty significant impact from negative absorption, right, because volumes were down all of last year and they're down first half of this year. So being in manufacturing when you start to get your volumes more stable and actually start inflecting them to be positive, that negative absorption headwind goes away. So the focus now is we keep gross margins flat this year, we're increasing our investment, which gets our total investment when we finish this year back to more normalized trade levels. So we're going to have a business where the margins are consistent with last year, our investments back to where it was, and we have a lot of negative absorption that's in our base. So in fiscal 2025, we can get back to growth. We have some opportunities to leverage our cost base. We have an investment base that's where it should be, and it sets us up well for fiscal 2025. So there's a lot of things bouncing around, but when you copter up and you just look at where we're going to finish the year, that's how I think about it.
Max Gumport: Great. And then turning to the investments, it's good to hear about the favorable response you saw in the second quarter and what that means for your increased investment in the second half. I'm just curious, are you expecting that investment to help category volumes or if other companies are seeing the same response that you're seeing, are we really just talking about a share fight and doesn't really improve category volumes. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Dave Marberger: Yes I - really interesting question. Basically, what we're saying is that, yes, the consumer is still deploying some value-seeking tactics to stretch their balance sheet, and that has had some impact on how they prioritized categories. And not every category is equal there, Max, in terms of what we've seen in the category. So we've seen tactics like this from consumers before, and they tend to serve their purpose over a short horizon and then they tend to disappear. But interestingly, even in some of the categories that remain softer than usual, we are seeing volume malleability via investments that drive share. But over time, frankly, we will take what the field gives us in the moment, whether that's improved volumes through share gains or improved volumes through improving category momentum. I think we're going to see both going forward.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. 
Sean Connolly: Hi, good morning.
Chris Carey: So clearly, investment and promotions are topics that have been well discussed on this call rightly so. I think for me, the question on that is just - and you've given a lot of great detail. The question is really the step-up in investment that you expect in the back half of the year, which sounds quite strong. Are you seeing the lift in your volumes so far this quarter to give you the confidence on sequentially improving volumes into fiscal Q3 and to get into fiscal Q4 or is it more kind of conceptual? You've seen the uplift that these investments have had on certain of your businesses, which is giving you confidence in the back half. So more - are you seeing it versus the confidence piece if that makes sense?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me try to kind of re-hit what we touched on our prepared remarks for us, I'm not going to comment on Q3. We're in Q3, so we'll stick with Q2. We saw clear evidence in Q2 that where we deployed investment to kind of help the consumer with this process of kind of reengaging in the more typical purchase behaviors, we got the response we were looking for. And because that was real empirical evidence that, of course, inspired confidence that if we do more of that in the second half of the year, we will get a similar type of response. But from a planning posture standpoint, we are not banking on major improvement in the macro consumer environment or signing up for a huge consumer response. So one might interpret that as we've got the investment in there, but what we're banking on in return is conservative. Look, in this current environment, that's probably not a bad posture to be in because this volume recovery has been more elongated than people expect. But I think that's that is a fair characterization of kind of what we're looking at.
Chris Carey: Okay. All right. Perfect. And one just quick follow-up. You mentioned, I believe, earlier in the call that incentive comp was a favorable SG&A item for fiscal Q2. Is there any way to dimensionalize that for the full year with the lower guidance for the year? That's it for me. Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Yes. We - really almost all of the delta and SG&A in the quarter was driven from incentive comp. So that really drove the delta in the quarter. We do expect SG&A as a percentage of net sales to be higher in the second half. So it will get our SG&A as a percentage of net sales, close to where it was a year ago. So, there's some timing elements to this, especially with incentive comp, because it can it really can be a timing item relative to where you were in the prior year in your forecast. But as it relates to Q2, it drove all the variance in SG&A.
Chris Carey: And just to clarify, that SG&A is higher in the back half, excluding advertising spending or with
Dave Marberger: Yes, that's excluding adjusted SG&A, which we exclude A&P.
Chris Carey: Great. Okay. Thanks, so much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the company for any closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: So it's Melissa Napier. We thank you again for joining us this morning for the call, and we're looking forward to seeing everyone at CAGNY next month.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-10-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning, and thanks for joining us for the Conagra Brands first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. Sean Connolly, our CEO, and Dave Marberger, our CFO, will first discuss our business performance, and then we'll open up the call for Q&A. On today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and the slides that we'll be reviewing on today's call, both of which can be found in the investor relations section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 24 earnings call. Let's start with what we want you to take away from our presentation shown here on Slide 5. At an industry-wide level, macro dynamics have clearly impacted consumer behavior across the board. I will cover this in more detail shortly, but ultimately, this behavior shift has elongated the volume recovery period across the industry, which is reflected in our Q1 top-line results. As we've navigated these macro dynamics, I'm proud of the team for delivering another quarter of strong margin improvement and EPS growth. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet, improving our leverage ratio during the quarter while investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders. Our team's execution supported a strong supply chain recovery during the quarter, hitting pre-pandemic service levels as we exited Q1. Looking toward the remainder of the year, we will work to drive volumes and top-line growth through targeted and disciplined investments behind prudent merchandising and continued support for our strong innovation. Finally, we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal 24, reflecting confidence in our plans, people, and agility as we navigate a shifting consumer environment. As I mentioned a moment ago, the timetable for volume recovery has been elongated across the industry due to near-term consumer behavior changes. After three years of unprecedented inflation, along with other macro dynamics, consumers have felt increased financial pressure and used a variety of strategies to stretch their balance sheets. This resulted in a near-term reprioritization of their typical purchase behaviors in order to make their budgets work. We've seen shifts like this before and expect these near-term changes in behavior to also be temporary. In fact, recent trends suggest this is already underway. Let me provide a bit more color on the kinds of behavioral shifts we've observed. As you've seen for some time now, with the notable exception of summer travel, discretionary purchases have been down almost across the board. Consumers have also been actively reducing remnant household inventory from the pandemic. Within food, convenience-oriented items, typically a top consumer priority, have lagged as shoppers have turned to more hands-on food prep to get additional bang for their buck. And as they've done this, not surprisingly, they have shifted from meals per one to meals per many, even if not everyone is home at the same time to eat together. And the last shift I will mention is a reduction in wasted food and an increase in the use of leftovers. Collectively, these short-term behavior shifts act as a sort of cheat code to help these consumers spend within their means. Slide 8 demonstrates the elongated volume recovery across the industry. As you can see, through the four-week period ending August 26, the entire peer group was showing volume performance within a very tight band with Conagra in the middle of the pack. As I mentioned a minute ago, more recent trends are showing the first signs of improved performance. With that backdrop, let's dive into our results shown on Slide 9. As you can see, in the quarter, we delivered organic net sales of approximately $2.9 billion, which is down slightly compared to last year as a result of the slower volume recovery we discussed. Adjusted gross margin of 27.6% was up 272 basis points from last year. Adjusted operating margin of 16.7% was up 297 basis points compared to last year. And adjusted earnings per share of $0.66 increased almost 16% versus last year. Diving further into our top-line performance by retail domain, you can see on Slide 10 that sales in our staples domain were flat compared to the prior year. As consumers shift toward more stretchable meals, our staples categories, such as canned chili and canned tomato are well positioned and have gained unit share compared to last year. Despite the macro headwinds, our snacks domain has continued to grow as shown on Slide 11. We're building unit share as consumers continue to respond positively to our microwave popcorn and ready to eat pudding and gel brands. Looking at Slide 12, you can see that our frozen domain has been the most significantly impacted by recent shifts in consumer behavior, particularly in areas like single-serve meals, given the headwinds we discussed a moment ago. As we look at the frozen domain, it's worth noting a few key points. First, despite the recent impact on volume, we continue to gain unit share in important frozen categories like single-serve meals. This dynamic demonstrates the relative strength and strong position of our brands. Second, the year-over-year performance figures do not properly represent the broader trend within frozen food. In fact, if you look over a four-year period, Conagra's frozen retail sales have increased 22%. Frozen meals has been one of the fastest growing categories in in-home consumption over the past 40 years. Its 4% CAGR is in the top tier of foods growing in at-home consumption. This expansion has been fueled by the long-term sustained consumer demand for convenience as well as the addition of innovation and quality ingredients. This 40-year trend demonstrates the critical role that frozen plays in providing convenient, high-quality foods for every occasion which consumers have come to increasingly rely on. This is central to why we believe the current softness is temporary. Turning to Slide 14, I'm pleased to share that we continue to advance our supply chain initiatives during the quarter, allowing us to return our service performance back to pre-pandemic levels. Our productivity initiatives remain on track, and we plan to maintain and capitalize on this strong recovery during the rest of fiscal 24. As a key piece of our action plan for the remainder of the year as outlined on Slide 15, in addition to our ongoing supply chain execution, we will continue to focus on executing our Conagra Way playbook as we make targeted and disciplined investments behind our brands. Help protect share and drive the top line, while focused on investing behind quality, high ROI merchandising and A&P to support our brand. We'll also continue to prioritize reducing our debt and improving our net leverage ratio. We are reaffirming our fiscal 24 guidance that we shared last quarter, including organic net sales growth of approximately 1% compared to fiscal 23, adjusted operating margin of 16% to 16.5%, and adjusted EPS between $2.70 to $2.75. Overall, we remain confident in our plans, people, and agility as we continue to navigate this shifting consumer environment. With that, I'll pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials in more detail.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Slide 18 highlights our results from the quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our profit and cash flow delivery and remain confident in our ability to achieve our full year guidance targets. In Q1, net sales were $2.9 billion, reflecting a 0.3% decrease in organic net sales, driven primarily from the elongated recovery of volumes due to the industry-wide slowdown in consumption that Sean discussed earlier. Gross margin recovery was a key priority for us in fiscal '23, and we delivered another strong result in Q1. Adjusted gross profit increased by 10.9% in the quarter, primarily from the pricing implemented in the prior year and strong productivity, which more than offset the negative impacts of cost of goods sold inflation and unfavorable operating leverage. Adjusted gross margin increased 272 basis points, and adjusted EBITDA increased 12.1%, largely driven by the increase in adjusted gross profit. Slide 19 provides a breakdown of our net sales. The 0.3% decrease in organic net sales was driven by a 6.6% decrease in volume which was partially offset by a 6.3% improvement in price mix, a result of fiscal '23's inflation-driven pricing actions. A small benefit from the impact of foreign exchange contributed to reported net sales coming in flat for the quarter. Slide 20 shows the top line performance for each segment in Q1. Our Grocery & Snacks segment achieved net sales growth of 1.2% in the quarter. We gained dollar share in snacking categories, including seeds and microwave popcorn, as well as in staples categories, including chili and canned meat. As Sean discussed earlier, our Refrigerated & Frozen segment was the most impacted by recent consumer behavior shifts, with net sales down 4.6% in the quarter. Our International and Foodservice segments combined are slightly below 20% of our net sales. Both are important to Conagra and contributed meaningfully to growth this quarter. Our International segment delivered year-over-year volume growth in addition to improved price mix, which helped support strong organic net sales growth of 8.2% during the quarter. Our two largest international regions, Mexico and Canada, delivered double-digit organic net sales growth over prior year. We also saw low single-digit volume growth in Mexico, which contributed to the segment's overall positive volumes. For the remainder of the year, we expect volume growth to continue in International. Our Foodservice segment delivered 5.2% net sales growth in Q1 from strong price mix, and we expect to see positive net sales growth in Foodservice for the fiscal year. Foodservice also delivered a strong gross margin in Q1 versus a year ago due to the reduction of supply chain disruption costs incurred in the prior year. This benefit is not expected to extend beyond Q1. Our Foodservice segment supplies a diverse set of clients beyond restaurants, including healthcare, travel and leisure, and educational institutions, and we are well positioned to compete in these markets. Slide 21 highlights our adjusted operating margin bridge. We are pleased to have delivered a fourth consecutive quarter of strong gross margin improvement, up 272 basis points in Q1. We drove a 4 percentage point improvement from price mix during the quarter. We also realized a 1.8 percentage point benefit from continued progress on our supply chain productivity initiatives, along with the wrap of some supply chain disruptions in the prior year. These price and productivity benefits were slightly offset by cost of goods sold inflation, a margin headwind of [3.1%] (ph). Those factors, combined with small year-over-year favorability in A&P and SG&A, drove the 297 basis point improvement in operating margin for the quarter. Slide 22 details our margin performance by segment for Q1. Overall, continued progress on our productivity initiatives and positive price mix contributed to an increase in adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin across all four operating segments. It is worth noting that our Refrigerated & Frozen segment continued its very strong operating profit and margin recovery in the quarter with adjusted operating margin improving 294 basis points versus a year ago. Our Q1 adjusted EPS increased to $0.66, representing a 15.8% increase over the prior year. Higher adjusted gross profit and slightly lower A&P and adjusted SG&A were the positive contributors to our adjusted EPS performance in the quarter. These positives were partially offset by lower pension and post-retirement non-service income, decreased equity method investment earnings and higher interest expense. Slide 24 includes our key balance sheet and cash flow metrics. At the end of the quarter, our net leverage ratio was 3.55 times, down from the end of fiscal '23. We will continue to prioritize reducing our debt and lowering our net leverage ratio in fiscal '24. Net cash flow from operations increased $180 million in the quarter, primarily driven by reduced investment in inventory versus the prior year. While CapEx investment increased by approximately $20 million, Q1 free cash flow more than doubled from a year ago, coming in at $300 million. This strong free cash flow enabled us to pay down approximately $130 million of net short-term debt while also funding $157 million for the Q1 dividend, highlighting our focus on balanced capital allocation. We did not repurchase any shares in the quarter as we continue to prioritize paying down debt. As mentioned, we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal '24, given the strong Q1 profit and margin performance and the confidence in our investment plans year-to-go as we continue to navigate a shifting consumer environment. Slide 25 outlines our current fiscal '24 expectations for our three key metrics, including, organic net sales growth of approximately 1% over fiscal '23, adjusted operating margin between 16% to 16.5% and adjusted EPS between $2.70 and $2.75. Let's take a closer look at how we expect to achieve that guidance during Q2 and the back half of fiscal '24 shown on Slide 26. During Q2, we expect to continue seeing low single digit organic net sales decline, but volume decline should improve versus Q1 as we wrap inflation-driven pricing actions from fiscal '23. As Sean mentioned, we will redeploy some of our strong gross profit into strategic investments behind quality, high ROI merchandising and increased A&P to support our brands. We also expect operating margins to be down from Q1 with adjusted EPS approximately flat to Q1. In the back half of the year, we expect volume trends to return to year-over-year growth, which will help drive low single digit organic net sales growth. We expect our trade and A&P investments to be higher than the first half, with margins flat to Q2 and second half fiscal '24 adjusted EPS approximately flat to the same period in fiscal '23. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for listening. I'll now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Sean, I realize, as you talked about a lot of near-term sort of macro dynamics impacting sort of the industry volume recovery right now. And it's logical that ramping up the marketing investment in the second half now that service levels have returned to normal should logically start to improve volume trends sequentially. And I assume you forecast as best you can. But I guess my question is, do you think you've given yourself enough latitude to sort of do what's needed while also being able to reiterate the full year guidance on both the top line, which assumes a healthy positive inflection in the second half and on EPS, given the year is now more back-end weighted there as well?
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew. Yes, I believe the answer is yes, we have. Like others, we're essentially now putting our emphasis on the back half where we expect to have the most impact. If you copter up and look at the back half between more favorable comps, increased investment, a very strong innovation slate and a move back toward a more typical consumer behavior, we do expect meaningful top line progress in H2. And with productivity strong and excellent margin progress over the past several quarters and a good start to the year at EPS, we feel good about the profit call for the year even with that added investment. I probably also will give a nod to our Foodservice and International teams for the excellent job they're doing, working their plans.
Andrew Lazar: And then I guess on the targeted and sort of disciplined spend. I assume much of this goes to the frozen arena. I guess, what form will this take like more specifically? And I guess, how do you ensure it will be disciplined? And I guess what are you seeing competitively?
Sean Connolly: Great question. As you point out with our supply chain now, clicking on all cylinders, we're once again in a position where we can selectively add promotional activity to drive sales. As I've said before, selectively means highly incremental, high ROI events at critical calendar windows like the holidays as an example. So frozen is certainly in the mix, but so are other categories. Just to give you some perspective, and I'll give you more on this in just a minute so you have the detail. In Q1, only 21% of our sales were on promotion, which was below the peer group and also below the pre-pandemic baseline. So if you look at Q1, the last couple of years, not this year, but the last couple of years, Conagra was around 18% of our volume was on promo and the pre-pandemic baseline, the number was 24%. So this year, in Q1, we were at 21%. So we're still below the baseline, and we've got some room to pick our spots and invest smartly to engage further with consumers. But let me be clear, we are not talking about deep discount, low ROI promotional activity like you might remember from Conagra 10, 15 years ago. That is not part of our playbook.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Sean, to Andrew's question right there, one of the drivers you mentioned for the second half was, I think, maybe a little bit of a directional return to more typical consumer behavior. I just wanted to know if we could hear a little bit more about which elements of this behavior maybe you expect to improve, what will drive it? Or in the comment more just -- look, we have more -- we have less pricing, we have more trade, we have more A&P, more new products. So that altogether will help our business. I just wanted to get a little bit more color there, if I could.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, it's a mix of all the above. The comps are clearly much more favorable. We're clearly going to have some stronger merch investment in the back half. And we've got A&P focused on our largest brands with good margins. So those are all well positioned to have an impact. But I think the key here is this consumer behavior shift. And I do think when you see all the competitors in such a tight bandwidth, which is frankly a tighter bandwidth than I'm even accustomed to seeing, you know it's a macro dynamic. And the way to think about what we saw in the first quarter with respect to the behavior over the summer was, it was this paradoxical combination of selective splurging and broad-based belt tightening. So as an example, consumers may have simply said, I'm taking that summer trip and it's not up for debate. And then at the same time, said, I'm going to change some things up to create an offset. And so in our line of work, it's what we call compensating behavior. But one of the other things we know about consumer habits and practices is that they are very hard to change long term. So these shifts tend to be temporary tactics that people use to get through a period of time when they've committed more of their cash to something else. And I think the summer travel example is illustrative of what I'm talking about there. And so this is a bit of a different animal than what we would call normal elasticity effects because normal elasticity effects are really brand level elasticity effects that are consumer judgments about the value of a particular brand versus another close-in alternative following a price increase. These macro behavior shifts are a bit of a different animal. Here, the consumer is not passing judgment on the value of a specific brand following a price increase, rather, they're temporarily reranking how they prioritize entire categories in order to live within their means for a period of time. So why does it matter to understand the difference between this versus normal elasticity? Well, in our experience, it's because behavioral shifts at a category level tend to be shorter in duration. And it's -- a simple way to think about it is consumers are creatures of habit. So it's very difficult for them to deprioritize things like convenience benefit. So this is one of the key reasons we expect these shifts to be temporary. They have been in the past, and that's what we expect again. And it's also why we're really loading up our resources in the back half where we think the market conditions will be much more favorable to driving the kind of impact we're seeking.
Ken Goldman: Thanks, Sean. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning. You talked about your plans to step up A&P and trade spend over the rest of the year. Just wanted to get a sense for -- if this was kind of consistent -- the amount was consistent with your initial expectations heading into the year? Or if you're now planning for greater reinvestment compared to your initial plans given volume trends?
Sean Connolly: It's higher, Pam. It's obviously -- the consumer dynamic in the first quarter was tougher than we planned for. We do think the conditions -- the macro conditions will be more favorable in the back half and we're in a fortunate position where we got off to a strong start in the year on profitability. So we've got some room to invest back. So we're talking about a higher investment posture on Merch, in particular, in the back half of the year as now we've got the supply chain working.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then I guess, do you feel like there are areas in the portfolio where you've taken too much pricing and do you envision a scenario where pricing growth turns negative?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I don't really see that, Pam. The volume impact we are seeing, and frankly, the peers in the space are really not a function of individual brand level prices and a consumer judgment that it's much more of this macro thing where they're reprioritizing entire categories and consumer domains in order to stretch their budget short term. There are -- there was very little interaction in our portfolio with private label. There are some categories in our portfolio, albeit very few, that are more pass-through in nature and are more prone to a rollback in price if the key ingredient cost deflates. So products like Reddi Wip, where you've got basically dairy in there, products like our sausage business or our hotdog business where it's pretty much a particular meat block that's in there, those products -- kinds of products tend to move with the commodity. But for most of our portfolio, a, we haven't seen that kind of singular judgment around the value of the product being too expensive, and we just haven't seen any cost basis for rolling back price in terms of deflation. We're still net-net in an inflationary position.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you. Thats helpful.
Operator: And our next question today comes from David Palmer at Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thank you. It looks like you're assuming 2% to 3% organic sales growth in the second half as implied by the guidance. I guess what gives you the most confidence that you can get there? What are the key improvement areas that we would see? I would imagine frozen entrees would be one, but perhaps you can give a sense of where we should be expecting the most energy and improvement going into the second half?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Dave. Let me hit that. we're going to focus, as we always do, on our frozen and snacks businesses because those are the centerpiece of our strategy. But we also do have businesses within our portfolio now that are typically reliable contributors that are working really well in terms of meal creation, simple meals and things like that in our staples business, which tends to be a good mix. But I think between an improving consumer environment, more aggressive but smart and selective merchandising environment, a really good innovation slate and then A&P on some of our biggest businesses, not to mention, we've got very favorable comps on some of our big businesses in the back half of the year. I think all of that gives us a line of sight to delivering the kind of numbers that you just quoted. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Just a little more color on the disruptions in the prior year, which were mostly second half last year, Dave. We had a fire at our Jackson plant, which significantly impacted our frozen fish business. Obviously, Lent is the big time for that. So we'll be in a much better position this year on that. We had canning issues in our beans and chili business second half last year. And then as you remember, we had the can meat recall, which impacted Q3 and Q4. So more specifically, we should see strong improvement on those categories.
Sean Connolly: And one other point I'll make, too, Dave, because you brought up our frozen business. It's not an inconsequential point that one slide in our prepared remarks today that showed the 40-year trend on frozen. It is literally not counting commodity category like frozen fruit, it is in the top two, I think, of packaged goods in terms of long-term growth in the category, and it's been particularly strong in the last six or seven years as we've driven innovation. So we remain incredibly bullish on our frozen business. And by the way, our unit share in frozen has grown consistently over the last seven or so years. And that included Q1. I saw it, David, you pointed this morning and thought we were losing share in our frozen meals business. That is actually not the case. Even with the consumer environment the way it is right now, consumers making some of these trade-offs, we grew our unit share in our frozen meals business once again. And that is with some additional promotional activity from a larger competitor in the space during Q1. But frankly, that had no impact on us on a national basis. It impacted a different competitor in the space that happens to be a value-oriented play, but had no impact on Conagra where we again gained unit share in our frozen meals business.
David Palmer: Thanks for that and we're certainly seeing that promotional activity. And I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. Just wanted to come back to the commentary around the improved outlook for the second half, the low single-digit organic sales growth. I hear what you're saying, but a lot of the factors that you've called out feels like they would have been knowable a couple of months ago in terms of the easier comps and the innovation and the advertising and lapping the supply chain disruption. So I'm just curious what's changed over the last couple of months that's given you this increased confidence in the second half because before it sounded like we were going to see organic sales would be strongest in the first quarter and then work its way down. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Sometimes when you run in businesses like this and you're servicing consumers, you take what the field gives you. And I think what we're saying is in Q1, the consumer environment is -- was more challenged. People were trying to create these offsets to cover expenditures that they were determined to make over the course of the summer. And we do believe that the consumer environment is going to be more favorable. There will be a bit of pent-up demand here for some of the things that people have traded out of as they've created these kind of short-term hacks to make their household balance sheet work. And having the supply chain in the position it's in and getting off to a strong start on profit and having the ability to invest more, we think these are high ROI investments that are going to enable us to have the kind of consumer engagement impact that we want to have, but also be profitable by the way we want to be at the same time, and that's kind of our outlook.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. And just -- and our International and Foodservice businesses are off to a really strong start and they're really tracking ahead.
Max Gumport: Got it. And then one on gross margin, if I can. So you talked about how you expect a step-down in gross margin from the first quarter to the second quarter and then to remain at a similar level in the second half. And so I'm getting that might imply a gross margin of around 27% for the year or roughly in line with last year. A few months ago, it sounded like you were expecting some improvement in fiscal '24, given price mix and productivity, the lapping of supply chain disruptions, all outweighing negative overhead absorption and business investment. I didn't see an updated inflation number today, but assuming it stayed at around 3% for the year, I'm just curious what's changed? I'm assuming it's maybe a bit more business investment that has moved up. I'm just curious for any color there. Thanks. Ill leave it there.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So yes, we're holding our inflation assumption at 3% at this point. We've had some categories, some items where there is more inflation than we expected, but we have some that have gone the other way. So we're still holding to the 3%. That's important that, that remain that way for us to hit the margin guidance that we gave. We were impacted in Q1. We were really pleased with our productivity in the first quarter. Embedded in the productivity numbers are actual headwinds from absorption. So the second half with volumes, us being confident that our volumes will be up, we'll have a benefit in absorption. So the incremental investment can drive incremental volume and help with absorption offsets, which benefits margin. But I would just remind you, we gave a range for margin for a reason because of that. We're not going to get precise with an absolute gross margin number. You're directionally correct, but that's why we gave a range on operating margin for our guide.
Max Gumport: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Sean, I think you said in your script that in the Nielsen tracking data, you had started to see signs of some sequential improvement. I didn't quite see it in the slide, and I haven't seen it in our data yet. So I was wondering if you could give a little more color on that.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Happy to do that, Rob. If you look at the slide we shared today, notably, it's units, it's not dollars. And that's the metric that we are looking at, is units, not dollars because to us, that is going to be the marker of when we start to see this change. Frankly, if you look at the slide that I shared today, it's got 52 weeks, 13 weeks, four weeks. What the competitive set would expect to have seen is that as you move from 52 weeks to 13 weeks to four weeks, you see improvement in trend. And as you could see on that slide, it was fairly flat. So what we're looking for is bend in the trend in unit movement as a proxy for this consumer behavior shift beginning to move. So if you look at the more recent period, which is -- it just came out, I think, this week, which is the four-week period following what we shared today, you see the first noteworthy change in unit movement for Conagra and there may have been one or two other competitors that saw some movement there as well. That's important because that's the kind of movement that we thought we would see across the industry back at our Memorial Day or so, and it didn't materialize. And we've got our first data point now that's showing it's going in the right direction. That's the metric we need to move. If units move the way that we expect them to move, everything else will take care of itself at dollars. And so that's why we're focused on that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And a quick follow-up for Dave. You mentioned a lot of little supply chain issues that affected last year, Dave, like the frozen fish issue and then the beans and the Chili. Is there any way to add it all up and help us understand like what kind of easy comp this provides either on sales, profits in the back half?
Dave Marberger: Rob, I would just go back to what we said last year. We didn't quantify everything exactly, so I wouldn't want to give you a number here. But if you go back and look at what we communicated last year second half, I think you'll get a pretty good feel for the magnitude, generally speaking. But we didn't give a precise number on that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right, thanks.
Sean Connolly: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thank you. Good morning. Sean, it's clear your brands within frozen are doing well, and you see that in the share gains. But I'm just curious if you have made any observations regarding the perimeter, right, some of the things that we're seeing through our channel work is deflation happening in the perimeter is putting pressure on frozen the category. So when you think about the competitive landscape, are you kind of factoring that in? And do you think that could put more pressure on potential pricing and promotional spend over the next several quarters?
Sean Connolly: Nik, can you say more about the specific things in the perimeter that you're seeing that are growing? Anything might be impacting Frozen?
Nik Modi: Yeah, just fresh vegetables, fruits, primarily, right, the gaps between frozen and some of the fresh areas of the store.
Sean Connolly: Well, I'm not sure we're having a lot of interaction there. Even our Birds Eye business is kind of behaving similarly with the balance of our frozen business. But what you're seeing in frozen [Technical Difficulty] most of the frozen items we sell are frozen convenience items. And what you've seen over the last quarter are more of this consumer pivot to what we'll call meals for many instead of meals for one. It's more of a speed scratch type of thing where you can stretch your buck and feed more mouths, but that's a laborious effort, and it's also not exactly the food that people are habitually accustomed to eating. So when I look back over the last 50, 60 years and you look at consumer trends, by far, the most unshakable trend in the consumer packaged goods space is the trend toward convenience. And so we know, and you saw it in the long-term frozen data that I put up, that consumers don't have the time to make stuff from scratch. They don't have the culinary skills and they don't want the waste associated with it. Does that mean they won't do it from time to time and buy a bag of rice and a can of beans and some ground beef? No, they will do that. Those are the kind of the short-term cheat codes that I referenced. But they tend not to be very lasting behaviors because, as I pointed out, consumer habits and practices are highly entrenched. So really, we're focused on that. We know that this is a short-term dynamic, and we expect it to change. And we certainly, within frozen, have the brands that drive the growth and drive the share with the innovation we've delivered. I think our categories over the last five years have accounted for about 70% of the growth in all of frozen, and we expect that kind of highly competitive performance to continue.
Nik Modi: Great. And then maybe one for Dave real quick. Just wage inflation, obviously, has been a big issue as it relates to conversion costs in terms of finished goods that you may buy and you have all these union negotiations going on in other industries. And I'm just curious, like, what are you seeing right now in terms of conversion costs kind of coming upstream in terms of how your cost of goods is shaping up?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Our inflation assumption for 3%, we had assumptions on conversion costs, which kind of in that mid to upper single-digit area. So that hasn't changed. We're very -- we spend a lot of time on our compensation benefits working hard to be competitive as part of our overall strategy for all of our employees. So we feel like we've captured it in our estimates for inflation.
Nik Modi: Excellent. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hi, good morning folks. Thanks for slotting me in. And congrats on the momentum in International and Foodservice. Great to see. Sean, a lot of questions, obviously, today on your back half guidance, and I'm sure it's not lost on you, there's clearly some skepticism on your ability to get to the volume growth you're promising in the back half. If that doesn't come to fruition, what, if any offsets, are in your P&L to allow you to get to the bottom-line guidance?
Sean Connolly: Well, look, it is -- [a quarter] (ph) of the year is behind us. And as I've said many other years, a quarter doesn't make a year. So we are on or ahead of pace on most of our goals after one quarter. And the challenge has been this consumer behavior shift, which, as I mentioned, we view as a temporary dynamic. Between that are favorable comps, the increased investment, we do expect meaningful top-line progress in the second half. And that's our playbook, we feel good about it. We are investing more to drive the business. We are trying to do a couple of things here, which is deliver a strong '24 but also set our business up to have excellent momentum as we go out of '24 into '25, which we're confident will be a very different environment. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
Dave Marberger: Yeah, sure. So, Jason, obviously, we're looking at our cost very closely. If you look at the quarter, our productivity performance was really strong. Our supply chain organization does a phenomenal job especially now that we're back to a kind of more accommodative operating environment to drive our productivity, and we're seeing that. So that's a big driver, obviously, for us. You look at SG&A, we're -- 9.1% is where we came in last year, we'll be around that again this year. We're very efficient, we're as efficient as any food company out there, but we're always looking for opportunities. And then we obviously have our Ardent Mills joint venture, which continues to do really well. We're holding to our guide for the year there, but there's still really strong momentum in Ardent Mills. And that generates cash for our business. And so there are places we're always looking, but we're always looking to just make sure we're finding opportunities to drive savings so that we can continue to invest in the business.
Jason English: So Dave, I'm going to put words in your mouth to see if I'm understanding this right. I appreciate what your guidance is predicated on, that's top line acceleration. But I think I heard if that doesn't come to fruition, there could be some more opportunities on cost and there could be some upside opportunity in Ardent Mills. Did I hear that correct?
Dave Marberger: That's what we're always looking for. So we're -- productivity coming and Ardent is off to a good start.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Part of it, Jason, is culturally the way we operate. We are wired to be a very lean, very adaptable, very agile team. We don't have a lot of orthodoxies around here or things that we're not willing to do to get to where we got to go. So we'll -- we've got a great team. They're going to get us to do what we need to do throughout the balance of the year and we'll be super agile as we always are in an environment that's highly dynamic.
Jason English: Yeah, I would definitely recognize and respect that. Thank you very much.
Sean Connolly: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So I kind of wanted to build on what Jason just asked about because it sounds -- I guess the question I'm left with is, if the consumer behavior shift that you're expecting doesn't play out as we go through the balance of the fiscal year, are you committed because of looking forward to '25 and beyond, are you committed to the investment spend that you've articulated in 2Q and 2H? Or does that itself become a lever to pull to preserve bottom line dynamics? And it sounds like in the first quarter, given what the environment gave you, you delayed some of the spending. Maybe that's the wrong read, but it feels like you delayed some of the investment spending because the demand was weaker. Now you're planning it later in the year as you expect demand to pick up I guess the question is, if that consumer behavior shift doesn't happen, do you keep spending?
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Steve, I think the easy answer to your question is we manage this business for long-term value creation and long-term success with the consumer. When you get caught up in these short-term windows of consumer behavior shifts, people always ask the question, well, in this window, what's more important, sales or profit? And obviously, you always want both. But when you see short-term behavior shifts, sometimes you have to be smart and you've got to ride the way in a patient and pragmatic way. And that means not trying to force things before they're poised to pivot. Otherwise, you can end up with either metric working for you. And as I said, we will invest smartly. We'll pick our spots. We'll focus on quality merch, A&P and our biggest brands and awesome innovation and we'll keep a strong determination to drive brand health and value creation for the long term.
Steve Powers: Okay. That makes sense. Is there any -- I mean I guess the -- is there any validity to the thought that because there was less spending in the first quarter, it exacerbated some of the weaker demand trends and [indiscernible].
Sean Connolly: No, I actually would say the opposite. We did see in one of our categories, a competitor try to do some promotional things to kind of force the issue and force and it didn't work, and it didn't have any impact on our business. And I can't imagine what their bottom line looks like with such an inefficient spend. But it's just -- that's what I mean by you have to be sometimes be smart, ride the wave in a patient a pragmatic way. If you get impatient and you try to do something irrational and force the consumer to do something they're not ready to do, you know what you're going to do, you're going to spend a lot of money without having a lot of impact. And so we want to put our dollars and our investment out there in the marketplace on the right levers at the right time when the consumer is going to be responsive to it. And that's why we've got the cadence of our spend laid out the way we've got across the full year.
Steve Powers: Understood. Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So it seems as though the industry this year has been caught fairly flat footed with the surprising lack of recovery in volumes as price growth has slowed. Now it's obviously still way too early to tell where the impact of the GLP-1 drugs is going to go, what the uptake is going to be over the next five, 10, 15 years. But in a similar vein, how can you start thinking about different scenarios for how that could play out, which parts of your portfolio might be most affected either positively or negatively? And how do you start getting data to decide which of those parts you might want to pursue? I mean, how do you plan for another potentially big consumer behavior shift that might be coming down the pipe over the next few years?
Sean Connolly: Alexia, I view that one a little bit differently. If you think about it, we've got an entire department of demand scientists here who are every day studying changes in consumer behavior, particularly -- a particularly important one for our company has been the ever-evolving consumer definition of what constitutes healthy and how they want to eat in order to be responsive to health. Back in the '90s with Snack Wells, it was all about fat and calories. And if you just look in the last few years, we've gone from grain-free to cauliflower to keto. I mean it's constantly evolving. So what our demand science folks do is they're constantly studying the trends that consumers are chasing, figuring out which of those need to be designed into our products and then adapting our products through our innovation program relentlessly so that we're staying up with consumer trends. So if we end up seeing changes in consumer eating patterns, let's say they go to smaller portions, then we evolve the innovations, and we design smaller portions. If they switch to different types of nutrients, we evolve the innovation, we switch to different types of nutrients. If they change the kind of pack sizes they snack on, we'll change that. So this is the kind of stuff that will happen over five, 10, 15 years, not over the next six months. But I think the key to navigating these kinds of just constantly evolving consumer environment is you have to be externally focused, you've got to study these consumer trends and you've got to rapidly design in what the consumer is looking for into your products and that's what we do every year.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. That's very helpful. And just as a quick follow-up. Your leverage is obviously coming down. It's expected to come down further. Appetite for additional M&A and what parts of the portfolio you might be focused on for that? And I'll pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me say this first because I never want our investors to misunderstand this. We always follow kind of a balanced approach to capital allocation. But we've said now for some time, and I'll continue to say it, our top priority is de-levering. The importance of having a clean balance sheet in the current strained external macro environment is very important to our investors, our ratings agencies, and that is our top priority. When the time comes that we've got our balance sheet where we want it to be, M&A has always been part of it. We've always said there are two kinds of big picture M&A. There's big synergistic acquisitions that rarely come along once in a blue moon, and then there are bolt-on more growthy smaller acquisitions, they tend to happen more frequently. So we'll always, over the long term, keep an eye on both of those things. But right now, our focus is on continuing to pay down debt. And then when we get to the time when we can add something to the portfolio, odds are it would be in our key strategic domains of frozen and snacks.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Melissa Napier for closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Investor Relations is available if anyone has any follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-07-13 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded today. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our Conagra Brands fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 earnings call. I am here with Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO, who will discuss our business performance. We will take your questions when our prepared remarks conclude. On todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and in the slides that we will be reviewing on todays call. Both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And I will now turn the call over to Sean to get us started.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 23 earnings call. I will start with the business update on the quarter and fiscal year and then share how we are thinking about 2024 and beyond. Slide 6 outlines what wed like you to take away from todays call. In Q4, we delivered solid profit and margin growth despite the disruption from one of our frozen logistics partners, Americold, which impacted both our sales and costs during the quarter. For the full fiscal year, I am proud of the way our team navigated a dynamic operating environment to deliver strong results. These efforts to execute against our fiscal 23 strategic priorities and the continued implementation of our playbook have our brands well positioned following the volatility of the past few years. As you will see, our outlook for fiscal year 2024 reflects a transition toward a more normalized operating environment as well as a continued commitment to our long-term financial algorithm. With that overview, lets dive into the results, starting on Slide 7. Organic net sales for the quarter grew over 2% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 22 and adjusted gross margin of 27% represents a 216 basis point increase over the fourth quarter last year. The full year results underscore the strength of our performance across all four metrics, including 6.6% organic net sales growth and 17.4% adjusted EPS growth compared to the prior year period as well as robust gross and operating margin improvement. Looking back at our priorities going into fiscal 23, we are pleased to say that we delivered on each of them. We continued our disciplined pricing execution in the face of ongoing inflation, which helped to drive margin recovery a top priority coming into fiscal 23. Our supply chain continued to improve as we made meaningful progress on our cost savings initiatives, which in turn led to a vast improvement in service levels. We remain committed to lowering our net leverage ratio, which was reduced from 4.0x to 3.6x by the end of the fiscal year. And we did all of this while investing to maintain the brand strength that we have built up for many years running. Lets take a closer look at these priorities, starting with the impact of our inflation-justified pricing actions on Slide 9. As you can see, pricing peaked in Q3, but remains almost 17% above the prior year due to our actions to offset ongoing COGS inflation. During the fourth quarter, elasticities did soften a bit, but remain fairly consistent well below historical norms and in line or better than competitors. Our strong execution was instrumental in driving margin recovery, which is detailed on Slide 10. As we have previously discussed, there is an inherent lag between the time when inflation hits and when we are able to recover that cost through inflation-justified pricing. This lag effect results in temporarily compressed margins as we saw most notably throughout fiscal 22. We took great strides to recover our gross margin in fiscal 23 and Q4 was our third consecutive quarter of strong margin improvement, up 216 basis points in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. Turning to Slide 11, we continue to advance our supply chain initiatives, investing to rebuild our own inventory which helped us to deliver service levels of 95% as we exited the fiscal year. While we are making strong progress in supply chain, its not yet back to normal as we experienced transitory disruptions in the quarter such as the cybersecurity event at Americold. That said, we are pleased with our progress so far and see more room for improvement in fiscal 24, including investing in technology and modernization as the operating environment continues to normalize. Slide 12 highlights one of the key ways in which we are investing to maintain brand strength, our persistent focus on modernizing brands through innovation. The innovations we have launched since fiscal 2018 generated nearly $1.8 billion in retail sales during the last fiscal year. And unlike many in our space, we continue to innovate during the pandemic with new product launches since fiscal 21, now representing more than half of that total. Importantly, our innovation has built some really strong and sustainable platforms, including Bowls, Slim Jim SAVAGE and Duncan Hines EPIC. Our strategic frozen and snacks domains have been the focus of our innovation engine. As Slide 13 highlights, their growing domains and weve helped architect that growth. Over the past 4 years, the frozen and snacks categories in which we compete have grown 9% and 8% respectively, outpacing total food growth. Within our portfolio, frozen and snacks together now represent almost 70% of our domestic retail dollar sales and we have consistently increased our share within these strong and growing domains. Looking more closely at frozen, Slide 14 shows the growth of this category over the past 9 years, which represents the timeframe in which we reinvented our approach to frozen food. Since fiscal 2014, the frozen categories in which Conagra competes have grown from $29 billion to $54 billion, representing a 7% CAGR. And Conagra has increased our share by nearly 500 basis points to become the leader in frozen. This growth is a testament to our continual effort to modernize and support our strong brands as part of the Conagra Way playbook. One example of that brand strength is how our unit sales stack up to our peers. As you can see on Slide 15, even during the year of significant pricing 7 of our top 10 frozen product segments held or grew unit share in fiscal 23. The same is true in our snacks portfolio. As you can see on Slide 16, our two largest snacking platforms meat snacks and microwave popcorn also gained unit share during fiscal 23. Now lets turn to the year ahead. As we continue to emerge from unprecedented operating conditions, including both COVID and the inflation super cycle, we anticipate fiscal 24 to be a transition toward a more normalized operating environment. That transition will include a few tailwinds and headwinds that are outlined on Slide 19. Starting with the tailwinds. In fiscal 24, we will be wrapping the various discrete supply chain disruptions that persisted throughout the year. As the operating environment continues to normalize, we will also benefit from the ongoing advancement of our productivity initiatives and we expect our investments in innovation to continue to deliver strong results, building upon our track record of success. Now, lets talk headwinds. First, shifting consumer behavior, as you can see in the weekly scanner data, food companies are starting to wrap pricing in the year ago period and dollar sales are coming down as expected, but the rate of improvement in volume recovery is lagging. That suggests new consumer behavior shifts beyond the initial elasticity effects that occurred when pricing actions were initially taken. We have seen this dynamic since just after Easter and it has been broad-based across many categories and competitors. And importantly, where we see it, it is usually not a trade down to lower priced alternatives within the category. Rather, its an overall category slowdown. The question is, why now, given the steadiness we have seen from the consumer for 2 years? There are several possibilities at the root of this. One behavior shift we have heard about from consumers is just buying fewer items overall, more of a hunkering down than a trading down. There are several potential reasons as to why, including this summer being more travel intensive than last year. Overall, we view this dynamic as likely temporary behavior shift for consumers to stretch their budgets, but we have captured it as a near-term headwind in our outlook. Moving to the second headwind, while very limited, we have seen a few single ingredient brands become deflationary and we will make appropriate price adjustments to reflect that. Finally, the reduction of pension income and decline in contribution from Ardent Mills compared to its strong fiscal 23 performance will impact our earnings performance compared to the prior year. To maximize our competitiveness this year, we will continue to execute our playbook and invest in our business. And Slide 20 highlights one of our most important investments, our biggest innovation slate to-date. Our fiscal 24 innovation lineup features a compelling mix of convenient, value-added meals, restaurant experiences and exciting licenses. We expect our most significant new innovation to be in distribution by the end of Q1 and build throughout the rest of the year. These innovations, coupled with our consumer and customer support, will help us effectively navigate the dynamic marketplace conditions. Slide 21 outlines our financial guidance for fiscal 24. We expect organic net sales growth of approximately 1% over fiscal 23, adjusted operating margin of 16% to 16.5% and adjusted EPS between $2.70 to $2.75. As Dave will unpack further, our EPS guidance reflects our expectation for growth from the underlying business operations, which is being muted by the previously mentioned impacts from lower contribution from Ardent Mills and pension income. Overall, Conagra continues to benefit from strong brands, strong processes and strong people, which are all working together to drive sustainable growth and margin expansion. With that, I will pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials in more detail.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean and good morning everyone. As Sean noted, we have made great progress from this time 1 year ago, as shown on this page. We navigated a challenging operating environment and successfully delivered on our priorities to implement inflation-justified pricing, drive gross margin recovery, reduced net leverage and rebuild inventory levels, all while investing to maintain the strength of our brands. This enabled us to deliver strong full year results that exceeded our original fiscal 23 expectations on all metrics. Slide 24 highlights our results from the quarter and full fiscal year. During fiscal 23, we delivered strong top line growth with full year organic net sales up 6.6% compared to fiscal 22, driven by our inflation-justified pricing and modest elasticities. Margin recovery was a top priority for fiscal 23 and our business delivered, increasing adjusted gross margin by 226 basis points and adjusted operating margin by 125 basis points for the full year. This margin enhancement contributed to strong full year adjusted EPS growth of 17.4%. Slide 25 shows our net sales bridge for the quarter and full year. The increases in fourth quarter and full year organic net sales were driven by improvements in price mix, primarily from inflation-justified pricing actions and were partially offset by a decrease in volumes. We estimate that our fourth quarter volume was impacted by the transitory supply chain disruptions from the cybersecurity incident at Americold, impacting revenue by approximately 50 basis points in the quarter. This disruption negatively impacted sales in our Refrigerated & Frozen segment during the fourth quarter, an impact of approximately 110 basis points for the quarter. Despite this discrete situation in Refrigerated & Frozen, we were pleased to deliver solid sales growth in all other segments during the fourth quarter. And both our Grocery & Snacks and Refrigerated & Frozen segments delivered 6.1% organic net sales growth for full year fiscal 23. We detail our adjusted operating margin bridge on Slide 27. As Sean discussed, we are pleased to have delivered a third consecutive quarter of strong gross margin improvement, up 216 basis points in Q4. We drove a 7.1% margin gain from improved price mix during the quarter and realized a 40 basis point net benefit from continued progress on our supply chain productivity initiatives. These pricing and productivity benefits were partially offset by continued inflationary pressure with market inflation and market-based sourcing negatively impacting our margins by 2.1% and 3.3% respectively. Adjusted operating margin was 14.6% for the fourth quarter, which was a 39 basis point decline versus a year ago. The strong gross margin improvement was more than offset by increased A&P investment and an increase in SG&A from both higher incentive compensation expense and transitory asset write-offs in the quarter. One additional callout on this slide, our cost of goods sold inflation headwind of 5.4% as calculated by netting our Q4 market inflation and our market-based sourcing. Previously, market-based sourcing was captured in our net productivity column. We believe this format is more meaningful to investors and this change will be applied in our materials going forward. Slide 28 details our margin performance by segment for Q4. Refrigerated & Frozen continued its strong operating profit and margin improvement in the quarter, with adjusted operating margin improving 286 basis points versus a year ago. Grocery & Snack operating margins were down 248 basis points due primarily to increased inventory reserves for excess seasonal inventory, along with unfavorable manufacturing overhead absorption. The International segment increased adjusted operating margin 497 basis points in the quarter, driven primarily by pricing, while the Foodservice segment adjusted operating margins were down 75 basis points due to some transitory asset write-offs. Also, as highlighted in our earnings release, results from our annual goodwill intangible impairment testing also negatively impacted reported profits primarily in our Grocery & Snacks and Refrigerated & Frozen segments. The primary driver of the impairment charges was the increase in our discount rate due to the current interest rate environment. Slide 29 shows adjusted EPS bridges for the fourth quarter and full year compared to fiscal 22. In the fourth quarter, adjusted EPS from operations was flat as the increase in adjusted gross profit was offset by the increases in A&P and SG&A mentioned previously. Total EPS for Q4 was down 4.6% as the flat operating profit and benefit from our equity method investment earnings was more than offset by lower pension and postretirement income, higher interest expense and higher adjusted taxes. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see that our year-over-year EPS growth of 17.4% was entirely attributed to the operating profit increase of $0.41, which underscores the strength of the underlying business. The benefit of $0.11 from our Ardent Mills joint venture was offset by increased pension and interest expense. Slide 30 includes our key balance sheet and cash flow metrics. At the end of fiscal 23, our net leverage ratio was 3.63x, down from 3.99x at the end of the prior year. Our net cash flow from operating activities reflects continued investments to rebuild our inventory levels. Going forward, we are well positioned to support sustained demand across categories. Year-to-date CapEx was $362 million at the end of fiscal 23, down from $464 million in the prior year due to the timing of projects. We continue to prioritize returning capital to shareholders as we paid $624 million in dividends in fiscal 23, up 7.2% versus fiscal 22 and we paid $150 million to repurchase shares in fiscal 23, up from $50 million a year ago. Id like to spend a minute reviewing our guidance for fiscal 24. Slide 31 outlines our expectations for our three key metrics, including organic net sales growth of approximately 1% over fiscal 23, adjusted operating margin growth between 16% to 16.5% and adjusted EPS between $2.70 to $2.75. Lets take a closer look at the drivers of our adjusted EPS guidance on Slide 32. Compared to the prior year period, we anticipate continued improvement to our adjusted gross profit to be offset by the impact of elevated investments in A&P and SG&A to support our innovation and our people, higher interest expense from interest rate increases approximating $450 million and an adjusted tax rate of approximately 24%, net-net to adjusted EPS growth of 2% to 4% in our underlying business operations or an adjusted EPS of $2.83 to $2.88. We also expect the growth in our underlying business operations to be offset by lower income from our Ardent Mills joint venture as well as the reduction of pension income due to higher interest rates. As we previously discussed, Ardent Mills had a particularly strong fiscal 23 driven by favorable market conditions and the ventures effective management through recent volatility in the wheat markets. As we transition toward a more normalized operating environment, we expect lower Ardent Mills income of approximately $150 million in fiscal 24, which is still a very strong operating performance relative to historical results as Ardent continues to mature as a business. I will now unpack a few additional assumptions behind our guidance shown here on Slide 33. Again, we expect to see easing inflationary pressures and improved supply chain operations in fiscal 24, which is reflected in our outlook. We anticipate net cost of goods sold inflation of approximately 3% in fiscal 24 as we continue to emerge from the inflation super cycle, with targeted inflation-justified pricing actions that will become effective in the early second quarter of fiscal 24 to help offset elevated costs. From a supply chain perspective, we expect CapEx spend of approximately $500 million as we continue to make investments to support our growth and productivity priorities with a focus on capacity expansion and automation. We also expect the investments we are making to drive gross productivity savings of approximately $300 million during fiscal 24. Finally, we expect to reach a net leverage ratio of approximately 3.4x and by year-end fiscal 24 and remain on track to reach our target net leverage ratio of approximately 3x by the end of fiscal 26. We see fiscal 24 as a transition toward a more normal operating environment, and we are reiterating our commitment to the long-term financial algorithm we unveiled at our Investor Day in July 2022, as shown here on Slide 34. This morning, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a 6% increase in our annualized dividend from $1.32 a share to $1.40 per share. This increase reflects confidence in our outlook and is in line with the targeted payout ratio. To sum things up, we made outstanding progress in fiscal 23 and as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities to drive value for shareholders. We believe Conagra is well positioned for long-term value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks for todays call. Thank you for listening. Ill now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, thanks so much. Good morning. So Sean, it sounds like as youve talked about fiscal 24 sort of a transition year of sorts between the anomalous environment of the past few years and a more normal operating environment moving ahead, hopefully. Im curious, how do we think about the pattern of how fiscal 24 unfolds in terms of volume pivoting back to growth as the benefit from pricing wanes? Because there is clearly some concern as youre aware, among investors that there could be a period of sort of negative organic sales if the timing of vim and pricing dont perfectly align. And I realize its hard to put too fine a point on this, of course, but in light of some of your comments on some recent consumer behavior shifts, Im curious how you see the year playing out from an organic sales growth perspective. Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. Good morning, Andrew, let me start with the big picture here, and then Ill flip it to Dave to give you some more color. First, youre 100% right. It is a transition year back to a more normal macro, and thats probably going to be true of everybody. Second, yes, there will be a settling effect that occurs as the year unfolds. Dollars will come down, obviously, as pricing gets wrapped and volume trends will improve. Third, as you can imagine, that settling effect is not likely to be exactly linear from month to month. And the simple reason for that is there are time specific factors at play. So youve got supply chain disruptions in the year ago period of particular months, weve got the shifting consumer behavior dynamic. So Id say, given all of this, 1% growth in organic net sales dollars for us for the full year is what we expect. That feels prudent given everything we see. And while we dont guide on volumes, from a shape of the trend standpoint, we do expect trends to improve as the year unfolds. And Dave, you can unpack that a little bit more.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So Andrew, let me  we gave our guide of approximately 1% organic net sales. So there are a lot of different dynamics that went into landing on the sky. So I just wanted to try to go through kind of the key puts and takes and try to give you some color to help with cadence. Were not going to give exact numbers by quarter, obviously. But  so the first thing is we will be wrapping on fiscal 23 pricing at the beginning of Q2. So Q1 will deliver stronger price mix but after that, it will slow significantly starting in Q2. As you know, we had several supply chain disruptions in fiscal 23 with our Jackson plant in canning and then our can meat recall. The kind of wrap impact on that is mostly in the second half, if you look at this year. We obviously have our strong innovation slate that we showed today, and that starts shipping. Its already started shipping in Q1. As Sean talked about, and were estimating as far as kind of how we look at the year, a slower rebounding of volumes as pricing starts to wrap. So we do expect volumes to improve as we move through the fiscal year, but were not going to give a specific guide on full year volumes. There is some deflation in a few pass-through categories. So our edible oils, pork dairy that will result in some lower prices on a few of our brands. We will have incremental merchandising and trade with strong ROI, and its mostly around brands that we were supply constrained in 23 and couldnt promote as much as we want to, which we will do this year. And then just for our International and Foodservice business, we expect fairly consistent growth in those businesses during the year. So hopefully, that gives you some color on how we get to the 1%.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question. 
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask just quickly about where your customer inventory levels are today and if that you see any abnormalities there. And part of the reason Im asking is it seems even if you add back the 110 basis point impact in the medical, that maybe your shipments in Refrigerated & Frozen were a little bit less than what we saw in terms of measured channel takeaway. So just trying to get a sense of how you see that looking ahead.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Ken, this is Dave. We dont see any significant difference in our customer inventory levels versus where weve been historically. If you look at Refrigerated & Frozen, which is really what youre talking about, for the quarter, our price/mix was 10.4% and volumes were down 11.5%. Our consumption was 2.9% for the quarter. So there was about a  we shipped below consumption by about 400 basis points. We plan to do that, Ken. So we expected shipments to be below consumption in Q4 because we shipped ahead of consumption year-to-date Q3 in Refrigerated & Frozen. So if you look at the full year, we basically ship to consumption, which we normally do. So there were no unusual customer dynamics that drove that. And yes, the Americold situation was a 110 basis point negative impact of volumes for Refrigerated & Frozen for the quarter.
Ken Goldman: Great. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you talk about the pricing outlook from here? You pointed to some additional inflation in fiscal 24, although its much more modest compared to the last few years. Do you anticipate taking more pricing in fiscal 24 to offset those increases? And then you mentioned lowering prices in a few key categories. do you expect having to lower list prices across other product categories as well?
Sean Connolly: Hey, Pam, its Sean. Let me tackle this and Dave going whatever I miss. So big picture in terms of the deflation piece, were really talking about  weve got a large portfolio, as you know, significant scope. And not surprisingly, weve got a small number of what you might call pass-through categories that are more single ingredient. And some of those have  are made of ingredients that are actually on the deflationary side. So those are the exceptions that tend to go up or down. And so were seeing things like oil dairy, some of the meat products that are coming down during our fiscal year outlook. So thats a piece of it. In terms of the new pricing, yes, overall inflation is still with us. Its  as Dave covered in the 3% range and  but weve got some surgical pricing on select categories that we are taking to offset that. But at a company level, its productivity getting back in the game that really helps us to tackle the continued inflation. Were able to see it come down, but its still with us, and it is going to cause us to take some surgical pricing in a few businesses early in the year. Dave, anything you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: I would just add, just reiterate, Q1, we will see the pricing wrap from obviously pricing we took in fiscal 23. And then we have communicated to customers, and there will be pricing on our tomato-based products effective early Q2. Were seeing significant tomato inflation in fiscal 24.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And to your last question, Pam, no, we dont see price rollbacks or price downward adjustments in a broad-based way across the category. Thats highly contained to those very limited single ingredient, more pass-through categories in our portfolio.
Pamela Kaufman: Great, thank you. And just on your guidance for 40 to 90 basis points of operating margin expansion. Can you unpack that a bit? Whats embedded into that through gross margin expansion versus SG&A reinvestment?
Dave Marberger: Sure. So the operating margin improvement we guided to is coming primarily from gross margin improvement. So the A&P and SG&A taken together should approximate the same percentage of net sales as they did in fiscal 23. So the key drivers of the gross margin improvement are the price mix, the Q1 and then the targeted Q2 pricing I just talked about. Productivity of $300 million, which we talked about, were very pleased with where our productivity programs are right now and then netting against that some negative overhead absorption and business investments. And then I talked about wrapping on some supply chain disruption costs that we had in fiscal 23, that should be a tailwind to margin for fiscal 24. So they are the key drivers, I would say, to get to the guidance.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. I wanted to ask you a question on frozen and snacks. I mean, obviously, those are key long-term growth categories for Conagra and youve shown some good innovation energy there. It looks like the pipeline is strong. But those categories are not doing that great lately. Those categories have slowed and youre losing share in some of them. Im wondering if you could speak to perhaps a few of these, just tell us what your outlook is and whats going on to your best diagnosis frozen entrees, frozen vegetables, maybe popcorn and because obviously, these are going to be key growth categories for you? Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Hey, David. Sure. Its Sean. Our frozen business has been a juggernaut for us for quite some time now. In fiscal 23, overall, as you saw in our presentation today was another very strong year. Obviously, Q4 had a lot of noise in it with Americold and the broader consumer behavior shifts that I discussed. But we remain super bullish on the future of the space. And we have lofty long-term objectives that we plan to deliver through a number of tools in our playbook. With respect to shares, overall, weve been very pleased with our share performance over the long-term, which you saw earlier. Obviously, supply chain disruptions in certain categories we experienced, made share gains more challenging in short-term windows, but we feel good overall. And in categories like vegetables, keep in mind, as we discussed at CAGNY, we are focused there on the premiumization of the category, not on low tier, more commodity vegetables. So there is an element of value over volume strategy that remains central to our birds eye playbook there as we continue to drive premiumization and really more of a finished prepared vegetable product than a bag of commodity vegetables. And then with respect to pick a snack or just about any other category across mainstream kind of food industry right now, there has been some slowing down where we would have expected volume trends to be up a bit and really see volume improvement more in sync with the dollar decline. So that softness, as I mentioned, does point to a bit of a consumer behavior shift. And the data we can see is very interesting in what it does point to, and that is its not materially related to private label trade down or something like SNAP. Rather, it is more of a multi-category slowdown that appears to be tied to shift in consumer behavior, aimed at stretching their budgets likely to cover other expenditures like travel, things like that. And again, thats likely a short-term phenomenon, but we do have that factored into our outlook as we go forward. Were going to invest to keep our brands including popcorn and other snacks and frozen on top of mind with consumers.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Cody Ross with UBS. Please go ahead.
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking our questions. I just want to follow-up real quick on the Americold disruption. Thank you for the color there. Do you expect to recover those sales in fiscal 24? If so, can you detail when? And Ill start and pause for a second before my next one.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Cody, its Dave. So in that situation, obviously, we were disrupted on shipments. So we were backed up and had to catch up during the month of May. So anything that didnt get out, which we quantified for Q4 would just flip into Q1. So its just shipments that we didnt ultimately get out the door. So thats that.
Sean Connolly: Just regarding that, Cody, is that we probably were out of stock in some stores when we couldnt ship for a while. So Im sure if the consumer was looking to buy one of our products, they couldnt and they needed to make some purchase that in that shopping trip, they grab something else. Were probably not going to get that back. But at this point, that consumption loss is water under the bridge.
Cody Ross: Understood. And then just tangental to that before I ask my next question, is it fair to assume that 1Q would be the high watermark for organic sales for the year just because of the shipments going from 4Q into 1Q and also the wrap around price that you detailed for 1Q?
Dave Marberger: We dont guide by quarter, Cody, but we  as I mentioned, Q1, we still will have the big impact from price mix.
Cody Ross: Understood. Thank you for that. And then just real quickly, I want to pivot to Ardent Mills. It continues to perform better than we expected. You guided JV income of $150 million for the year. And on prior calls, I think you guys noted the contribution was north of $80 million prior to the spike in weak prices. How much visibility do you have at this point to the $150 million? And what does that assume for weak prices?
Dave Marberger: Yes. We have a lot of visibility, and you can you can assume that we have been through the details with Ardent. We review the business with them very closely. The level of profit we are guiding to is pretty consistent with where the business came in, in fiscal 22, right, so at that similar level. The thing that I have really come to appreciate personally is its such a great business. Its a young business. Its only 10-years-old. They have made investments in the business and they continue to grow. So, their core business continues to do really well, and then they have a trading aspect of the business, too. So, its a business thats growing. It has a lot of competitive advantage in it. And so we are really bullish on the business. Its a really great business.
Cody Ross: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead with your question.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. With regard to the shift in consumer behaviors that you called out, I am curious if there is any commonalities at the impacted category of share? And then what data points you are seeing that suggest to you its short-term in nature? Thanks very much.
Sean Connolly: Well, when we look at this, Max, we pull the data across the entire food space by category, just to see if as dollars roll off and individual categories wrap price, you see that in sync improvement in volume trends. And you are really not seeing it. Even if you look at the scanner data that just came out for the period ending 7/1 you see Conagra and our five nearing peers are basically in the exact same place in terms of unit performance change versus a year ago. And we are probably all better served by looking at the unit volume change versus 2 years ago to get the noise out of the base period last summer. And when you do that, its really kind of uncanny, everybodys volume is at an extremely tight band of down just over 6% in the last several periods. And as I pointed out, what we dont see is much of a difference in terms of that volume change versus a year ago between the 13-week data and the past 4-week data. And thats where I think people would have modeled and us included a bit of an improvement in that trend from 13-week to 4-week because when you roll off a price and you wrap the initial volume elasticity effect, you should see an improvement there.  And that is exactly what I was pointing to when I talked about the shifting consumer behavior. And in terms of whats behind it exactly, I think everybody is trying to figure it out. A lot of the data, to answer that question, is on a lagging basis, whether its diary data or channel data or things like that. And so we are studying it carefully. Importantly, its not a trade down within individual categories to lower-priced alternatives. It looks optically more like a cutting back and what I call the hunkering down. And one thing I know for sure, people arent eating less. So, its  they are making choices to manage their budget. As I suggested, likely to cover other expenses, and its just hard to imagine how that continues for an extended period of time unless people start eating less, which I havent seen happen.
Max Gumport: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hi. Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. We turned a lot of ground already. Oh, and you can rest, by the way, on a great year. You mentioned a few brands that were supply constrained, and your intention to rename this more targeted promotions now that the constraints are being lifted. What are those brands? And would you expect that promotional intensity to be enough to drive their net pricing deflationary?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me give you just without kind of tipping our hand on what we want to do competitively. This is always a hot topic is whats the promotional environment, how is it going to change. In the simplest sense, Jason, we are okay with category building promotions that have a positive ROI. And I expect you will see more of those now that supply chains are servicing above 95%. Again, as I have mentioned in the past, for Conagra, we like certain holiday promotions because there is an incremental opportunity to drive volume there. And we havent really been at full speed on some of those. So, the most recent example was in the length in season where we usually do some very high ROI fish promotion because you sell a lot of fish on promotion during the Lenten season. We didnt do that last year because we had a fire on our fish line. So, thats an example of the kind of thing we can do more of and even some holiday type things with Birds Eye where demand was  had been very constrained because the supply chain issues previously. So, you are going to see competitors do more on that. And frankly, thats a good thing. And I think investors should think its a good thing because its going to help drive healthy quality category volume. Now conversely, what we are not big fans of is deep discount, low ROI promotions that train the shopper to buy on deal. Conagra kind of a period of its history, where it did plenty of that stuff. We drained the swamp on all of that over the last 8 years, and we kind of got off that. We are one of the least promoted categories or companies in this space. And the reason for that is simple. Its not how you grow categories. You grow categories with great innovation and quality display. To David Palmers point on Frozen, just look at Frozen from what it did for years when that was the playbook, it didnt do anything. And then when we change the playbook around innovation, and marketing support, we drove real high-quality category growth and dollar realization. So, we dont like those kinds of promotions. But in the current environment with the consumer that is cutting back and making other choices we probably are more likely to see some players resort to harder deals to stimulate units. We have not seen a lot of that to-date. So, thats a good sign. But this isnt our first rodeo, we wouldnt be surprised to see that again. So, we monitor that carefully. And really, the only competitive detail, I will say is we will do whats best for our business.
Jason English: Sure. Understood. And I am going to come back to Mr. Ross question. I know you dont give quarterly guidance, but to his point, you are carrying in inventory rebuild in the first quarter. You have got wraparound pricing. Ardent Mills still has momentum. You have got a really easy gross margin comp. It looks like you are set up for another really solid first quarter. And in context of that and the full year guide, it would seem to suggest that you are expecting top and bottom line declines throughout the remainder of the year. Is there anything flawed with that thought process?
Sean Connolly: I think that, Jason, the simplest way I think you can think about the year and the cadence and flow that I intend it before is you got dollars and you got volumes. And this year, they ought to move in different directions, right, because we are wrapping the pricing. And so you are just going to see, yes, you are going to have stronger dollars early as pricing carryover is in there, and then that will soften. And then as you wrap that, volume trends should improve. And we are not going to guide by quarter for a variety of reasons, one is we dont ever do that. The other is as I mentioned to Andrew, its not going to be linear in terms of month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter in terms of how this thing flows. I know everybody would like it to be that way, but it wasnt a linear in the base period when a lot of these factors that we are going to wrap occurred. And we have just got  we have got to get through the settling effect and continue to drive this business for the long-term and thats what we will do.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Dave Marberger: Good morning Peter.
Peter Galbo: Dave, I was just trying to do a little bit of back of the envelope math, just on the dividend increase and the leverage target. Just can you help us out with free cash flow for this year? I know you have a CapEx guide, but just  it would seem like you would land a little bit below that $1.2 billion, but I just wanted to confirm that? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Sure. So, if you look at fiscal 23, really 22 and 23. We made significant investments in working capital. So, our free cash flow did not convert to being able to pay down debt like we wanted to. But the good news is, as we end fiscal 23, we are in great shape with our inventories, we are at high service levels. We have the inventory that we need. So, as we look at fiscal 24, we guided to expected net leverage of 3.4x. We expect to pay down debt with discretionary cash flow in fiscal 24. And in 24 where working capital has been a headwind, we expect it to actually be a slight tailwind for fiscal 24. So, if you look at Conagra with modest working capital improvement, $500 million in CapEx, which we guided to, we should approximate a 90% free cash flow conversion in 24 on this business. So, thats how we look at it, and that drives all the assumptions on debt pay-down and dividend payout and everything else on the capital allocation.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of  you talked about some of these items already, but just a couple of elaboration on how to think about 24 from a couple of perspectives on the top line. Number one, as we think about the wraparound pricing, net of those pockets of deflationary correction. Is there a way to quantify what that kind of net wraparound pricing is on a full year basis, number one. Number two, as you catch up on sort of supply chain disruptions in the aggregate over the years. Is that the way to quantify kind of what you are assuming in terms of that benefit for 24? And then lastly, on the shift in consumer behavior, the hunkering down  you talked about that as transitory and temporary, and I think thats clear. The question I have is, are you assuming that its temporary and transitory within the year. So, i.e., there is improvement as we go forward, or are you assuming that the hunkering down that we are seeing of late is with you for the duration of 24 and the improvement really comes in 25 and beyond? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Hey Steve, its Sean. I will start with the end and flip it back to Dave for the beginning part. So, what I was getting at is because our diagnostic without perfect information, looks at some of this multi-category multi-company kind of softness. Our conclusion is it likely is transitory. Our outlook and our guide assumes some of those headwinds really in the first half of the year, call it, earlier in the year and assumes that, that will revert to more normal type of behaviors as consumers adjust. In fact, who knows, there are some people that are speculating there is a summertime phenomenon as you get back to school and people are getting back in the groove, it changes. We are not that precise in terms of trying to peg it to a day or a month. But just to give you some color directionally on how we are thinking about it, yes, we suspect its going to quickly go back to kind of what it normally is exactly when we dont know, but we have baked in some conservatism there in the front part of the year. Dave, over to you.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Steve, I would just say I know there is just such a burning desire for everybody to get quarterly information, but we are just not going to do that. I think in my answer to Andrews question, I really tried to go through pretty methodically kind of color around the guidance and some of the cadence items with the disruptions and kind of wrapping on pricing and everything else. So, I feel like there is enough there to put together a pretty good estimate.
Steve Powers: Yes. First of all thank you both. On the second part, Dave, I am actually less focused on the cadence and more just thinking about it in the aggregate. On an annualized basis, just kind of what benefit, if any, you have baked in for supply chain disruption catch up, number one. And then what that kind of net wraparound pricing is when you do the  we know what pricing you took last year, and then I want to just trying to quantify what that is net of the deflationary givebacks on an annualized basis?
Dave Marberger: Yes. And I want to get because then you get into then you figure out volumes. And we just dont  given the dynamics that Sean talked through, we just dont want to get into getting very precise with exact volume and kind of the net impact on pricing. So, I think you know the drivers. You know the outcome that we are guiding to. So, we will keep it.
Steve Powers: Okay. Yes. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Dave Marberger: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning guys. Peter actually asked part of my working capital questions. That was helpful. I guess a follow-on to that is just thinking longer term about deleveraging and the 3x by the end of fiscal 26. Thats probably a year behind what we thought. Is there anything that you see now impacting free cash flow conversion or maybe how you will need to manage the maturity pay-down that sort of takes you a little bit longer to get to 3x?
Dave Marberger: Yes. No. I  first of all, we put that out there. This is the first time we have actually put a date on the 30. No, we dont see anything material that should impact free cash flow. I tried to give some good color on kind of how we are seeing 24. Paying down debt is our priority. So, I will be crystal clear on that. Given where interest rates are, we are about 88% of our debt is fixed, so we still have that 12% thats variable. And obviously, with interest rates going up, its pushing 6% on the cost of that debt. So, paying that down is going to have a real cash financial benefit to us. So, we are very motivated to generate the discretionary cash flow and pay down debt. Thats our priority for 24 and really beyond.
Bryan Spillane: And then is there anything on the working capital side from an inventory management perspective, I guess thats the key source of the slight tailwind you mentioned? Is there anything we should be thinking about with pacing of working capital through the year, just as an extension on the working capital comment before?
Dave Marberger: So generally, we finished 23 at the days on hand that we are very comfortable with, but we do have a seasonality to the business, too, right. So, when you look at the flow, we usually build inventory as we go through our first quarter into our second quarter. So, during the course of the year, you will see sort of an inventory build work capital build and then it comes back as the year progresses. But thats our normal seasonality for Conagra.
Bryan Spillane: Got it. Thanks Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Matt Smith with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good morning. Wanted to ask a follow-up question on elasticities, I know that in the fourth quarter, your elasticities overall were in line with peers and below the historical level, but part of the consumer softening that we have seen has led to softer elasticities overall for Conagra and the total store. And more fiscally Conagras elasticity relative to peers has weakened and moved more towards the historical 1:1 level. So, when we think about the first half of the year and some of the comments you have answered to other questions, is that more in line with how you are thinking about guidance elasticity is holding near what we have seen more recently, or was some of the Americold and other disruptions in the fourth quarter impacting the current trends?
Sean Connolly: No, I think you are looking at what you are calling elasticity is in far too simplistic a manner. You cant calculate in elasticity by looking at total volume change, looking at total price change and saying thats your elasticity because there are many factors that go into what happens with volumes. So, not to get too technical here, but elasticity analytics measure a consumer demand response to a change in pricing at a brand level and in a time period following that pricing action. And those analyses have consistently, including recently shown consumer response to brand level pricing actions has been benign compared to historical norms. That remains true for Conagra. It remains true for our peer set. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our elasticities, they softened a little in Q4, but they remain benign versus historical norms, and they are directionally ahead of the peer groups. The behavior shift I referenced, are a bit of a different animal. Its not a consumer response to a particular brands pricing action rather it is a set of coping tactics more broadly to the overall higher cost environment. These tactics include things like just buying less for a period of time, the stuff I talked about there. So, you may look at that and say, well, the net of them both is that volumes are lower, thats true. But if you really want to get into analytically what consumers are judging the value of a specific brand and product, you got to get into the more granular analytics whole science. And if you want to understand just the more macro consumer attitude and how they are coping with the cumulative effect of higher prices, that is you are going to get to different conclusions.
Matt Smith: Okay. Thanks for that detail. Appreciate it. I will pass on.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Melissa Napier for any closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Investor Relations is happy to address any follow-up questions that you may have. And we hope everyone has a wonderful day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-04-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for the Conagra Brands' third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2023 earnings call. I'm here with Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO, who will discuss our business performance. We'll take your questions when our prepared remarks conclude. On today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantees about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impacts the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and the slides that we'll be reviewing on today's call, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal '23 earnings call. Slide 5 outlines what we'd like you to take away from today's call. Our top priority coming into fiscal year 2023 was margin recovery following the unprecedented environment of the last two years with COVID and the inflation super cycle. To facilitate that margin recovery, our focus has been on inflation-justified pricing, supply chain improvements and the pruning of low-margin volume, a strategy we have successfully deployed before and refer to as value over volume. And three of the way into the year, our plan is working. In Q3, we delivered our second consecutive quarter of strong gross margin recovery, our pricing execution continued to be excellent while elasticities remain muted and consistent. Our volume performance again led our near-end peers versus our pre-pandemic baseline and our supply chain continued to improve with service levels exceeding 90%. This improvement allowed us to rebuild inventories to appropriate levels and support most of the strong demand from our customers, but there were exceptions as we experienced temporary manufacturing disruptions in certain categories that prevented us from being in stock. Despite this, we had strong results in the quarter overall, and we are updating our guidance for the year, including increasing our expectations for adjusted EPS growth and tightening the ranges for net sales growth and operating margins. With that overview, let's dive into the results on Slide 6. We delivered organic net sales of approximately $3.1 billion representing a 6.1% increase over the prior year period. Our adjusted gross margin of 28.1% represents a 409 basis point increase over the third quarter of last year, and our adjusted operating margin of 16.9% represents a 321 basis point increase over that same period. Adjusted EPS rose 31% from last year to $0.76 per share. The year-to-date results underscore the strength of our performance with growth across all four metrics including 8.1% organic net sales growth compared to the prior year period and the robust margin improvements we set out to achieve at the beginning of the year. Slide 7 shows the sustained recovery of our gross profit margin for a second consecutive quarter. Again, this margin recovery was our top priority for the year. Why? Because our gross margins fund our innovation program, and that innovation has been the centerpiece of our playbook and our success in driving sustained category growth in our two strategic focus areas frozen and snacks. This recovery, therefore, means you should continue to expect a relentless stream of provocative innovation and brand-building support as we go forward. In fact, looking at Slide 8, you can see that Conagra is one of the only companies in our peer set whose gross margins are essentially on par with pre-pandemic levels. Importantly, our brand strength and innovation pipeline position us well to maintain solid growth and healthy gross margin going forward. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, our sales growth was primarily driven by inflation justified price increases coupled with ongoing muted elasticities. Slide 9 shows the relationship between elasticities and price increases. As you can see, elasticities have remained remarkably consistent and benign over the last eight quarters, even as we increased the price per unit of our products to help offset ongoing COGS inflation. And Slide 10 shows our elasticities are among the best in the industry. The modest elasticities, which are well below historic norms and have remained consistent in the face of our inflation justified price increases are a testament to the strength of our brands, the execution of our pricing strategy and the limited impact of private label competition. Turning to Slide 11. As you can see, at the total Conagra level, retail sales grew by 5.5% compared to the third quarter of last year and by 24.7% compared to three years ago. To put some context around the 5.5% number, three points. First, there was a fair amount of noise in the year-over-year comps for the peer set in Q3. Some companies had a very weak year ago period due to supply chain challenges while we had pockets of real strength in the year ago period due to Omicron and strong customer support for products that had recently come off allocation. Second, we continue to prune low-margin volume, most notably resuming our opportunistic value over volume strategy on select brands. This included eliminating 10 for 10 promotions on both value tier vegetables and canned products such as Chef Boyardee and Hunt's Tomatoes. Third, we experienced manufacturing disruptions in certain categories that led to out of stocks in the quarter. Most notably impacted where our canned meals and sides businesses, specifically canned pasta, canned beans, canned chili and canned meat, all part of our grocery portfolio. In Frozen, we had one noteworthy disruption as our fish business was on allocation, which led to out of stocks during the peak Lenten season. This was due to a fire on our fish frying line as reported in our second quarter 10-Q. While these discrete issues suppressed our volume in Q3, the root causes have been largely resolved, and we expect volumes to rebound sequentially from here. Importantly, when you take the noise out of the short-term view and compare our growth versus the stable baseline of three years ago, you see our performance has been strong on both the top and bottom lines. Dampening the results versus this time period normalizes for the volatility across demand, inflation and supply chain throughout the pandemic and demonstrates that Conagra is a top performer among our peer set. Slide 12 details our top line performance on a three-year basis as measured over the prior 52 weeks and compared to our near-end peer group who are footnoted in alphabetical order at the bottom of the slide. Among this group, Conagra continued to rank second in dollar sales growth and first in unit sales performance just as we did in Q2. This remains true when you look at the same chart isolating the third quarter. And post-Q3, the syndicated scanner data has shown our unit sales trends improving. In fact, in the four-week period ending 3/25 are units ranked in the middle of our near-end peer group on a two-year CAGR basis. Our continued top-tier pricing execution and volume performance is made possible by the strength of our brands and the superior relative value that our products provide to the consumer. Let's take a look at our top line performance during the third quarter by retail domain, starting with Frozen on Slide 14. We maintained our momentum, delivering strong retail sales growth on both a one- and three-year basis, improving 4% and 23%, respectively. This growth was driven by a number of our key categories, including breakfast sausages and single-serve meals. It's worth noting that this performance comes on top of very strong performance for our frozen domain in the year ago period when the Omicron outbreak influenced consumers' in-home eating behavior. For example, single-serve deals grew 12% last year, creating a two-year stack of 18% in that category. Turning to Snacks on Slide 15. You can see a similar story. We drove a 7% increase in retail sales compared to the third quarter of fiscal '22 and a 39% increase over the third quarter of fiscal '20. The continued momentum in this domain is broad-based across a number of categories. Compared to last year, seeds was up over 22% and baking mixes and microwave popcorn both rose more than 10%. Meat snacks grew 6% year-over-year, building on top of the 22% growth in the year ago quarter, a period when meat snacks were coming off allocation and our customers were eager to fulfill demand for our leading products in this category. We also continued to drive growth in our highly relevant staples portfolio despite the discrete supply chain challenges in some of our canned meals and sides businesses that I noted earlier. Our staples portfolio increased retail sales 7% compared to the third quarter of last year and 20% compared to the same period three years ago. This growth was led by WIP toppings, which grew more than 18% on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 17. While we experienced transitory supply chain friction, we also continue to make progress on our supply chain initiatives during the third quarter, which benefited from continued headway on our ongoing productivity initiatives, which remain on track to achieve the targets we outlined at our most recent Investor Day, and more moderate increases in COGS as anticipated. These improvements to our supply chain led to improvements in the service we provide our customers. While we're making good progress in supply chain, it's not back to normal and industry-wide challenges persist. However, we're recovering as expected, and we see more room for improvement as we advance our productivity initiatives, and the macro environment continues to normalize. Overall, we're confident we will deliver on our top line and margin guidance for the year, and we're raising our bottom line estimates. With that in mind, we are updating our guidance to reflect that we now expect organic net sales growth of 7% to 7.5%. We expect adjusted operating margin of 15.5% to 15.6%, and we're increasing our expectations for adjusted EPS growth to range from $2.70 to $2.75. Before I hand the call over to Dave, I want to reiterate our confidence in the path ahead. We have successfully executed pricing actions in response to inflation, that inflation is moderating, and elasticities remain remarkably consistent and benign. We're moving past discrete supply chain disruptions and continue to make progress on our margin expansion initiatives such as productivity and value over volume, all within an environment that is normalizing. And as we look at more recent scanner data, we are already seeing improvements in sales trends and we expect that momentum to accelerate through the end of the fiscal year. Overall, Conagra continues to benefit from strong brands, strong processes and strong people, which are all working together to drive sustainable growth and margin expansion. With that, I'll pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials from the quarter in more detail.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by discussing a few highlights as shown on Slide 20. We delivered another quarter of strong results, reflecting the ongoing strength of our brands and successful execution of the Conagra Way playbook. In the quarter, organic net sales increased 6.1% due to inflation-justified pricing and continued muted elasticities, as Sean discussed. Adjusted gross margin increased 409 basis points to 28.1%, and adjusted gross profit dollar growth was up 23.9% for Q3 and 17.8% year-to-date benefiting from higher organic net sales and productivity initiatives, reflecting our focus on margin recovery. This increase in adjusted gross profit contributed to strong adjusted EBITDA growth of 21.1% in the quarter. Let me breakdown the drivers of our 6.1% organic net sales growth here on Slide 21. We delivered 15.1% improvement in price/mix from our inflation-justified pricing actions. This price improvement was partially offset by a 9% decrease in volume. If you simply apply Conagra's current and historically favorable 0.54 elasticity factor to the 15.1% price/mix, you will see that elasticity explains approximately eight of the nine percentage points of the volume decline. The remaining one percentage point volume decline is mostly from the supply chain disruptions we've discussed. And given our elasticities have been running at these favorable levels for some time now, this level of volume decline has been planned in our fiscal '23 sales and gross margin projections. Slide 22 shows the top line performance for each segment in Q3. We are pleased with the continued net sales growth across all four reporting segments. Our domestic retail portfolio continues to perform well. With net sales in our Grocery & Snacks and Refrigerated & Frozen segments, up a combined 4.7%. Our International segment saw solid growth in the quarter with organic net sales up 9.5%. International reported net sales were up 7.7%, reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. Finally, we continued to see strong recovery in our Foodservice segment, which grew 17.3% in the quarter. I'd now like to discuss our Q3 adjusted margin bridge found on Slide 23. As Sean discussed, we are pleased to have delivered a second consecutive quarter of strong margin recovery. We drove a 10.9% margin benefit from improved price/mix during the quarter and realized a 1.8% benefit from continued progress on our supply chain productivity initiatives. These pricing and productivity benefits were partially offset by continued inflationary pressure with 8% gross market inflation impacting our operating margins by 5.9% and a negative impact of 2.8% from market-based sourcing. Finally, higher investment in A&P and adjusted SG&A during the quarter reduced margins by 0.4% and 0.5%, respectively. Slide 24 breaks down our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment. While some supply chain challenges continued during the quarter, execution of pricing and improvements in our productivity and service levels allowed us to deliver adjusted operating margin expansion in each segment. Total adjusted operating profit increased 30.8% to $522 million during the quarter despite an increase in adjusted corporate expense primarily due to increased incentive compensation. It is worth noting that we delivered 321 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement in Q3 versus a year ago, while incurring incremental transitory costs in our Grocery & Snacks segment due to the supply chain challenges we've discussed. Turning to Slide 25. Our Q3 adjusted EPS increased by 31% or $0.18 per share compared to a year ago primarily driven by higher sales and gross profit as well as from a small benefit in taxes. Our Ardent Mills joint venture performance continued to be strong and has wrapped strong results from a year ago. These positives were partially offset by higher adjusted A&P and SG&A as well as lower pension and post-retirement income and higher interest expense versus a year ago. You can see on Slide 26, how we are continuing to strengthen our balance sheet metrics. At the end of the third quarter, our net leverage ratio was 3.65x, down from 4.2x at the prior year period. Our net cash flow from operating activities reflects investment to rebuild our inventory levels. Improvement in our inventories has enabled us to improve service levels above 90%, and we are well positioned going forward in most categories to support sustained demand. Year-to-date CapEx was $267 million at the end of the quarter, down from $364 million in the prior year period, while year-to-date free cash flow increased to $436 million. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders as evidenced by the year-to-date increase in our dividend payments and share repurchases. For the balance of fiscal '23, we will continue to evaluate the highest and best use of capital to strengthen our balance sheet and optimize shareholder value. As Sean mentioned, in response to our continued business momentum and ongoing operating dynamics, we are raising our fiscal '23 EPS guidance and narrowing our ranges for organic net sales growth and adjusted operating margin with only one quarter remaining in fiscal '23. Turning to Slide 28. I'd like to briefly discuss the considerations and assumptions behind our guidance. We continue to expect total gross inflation of approximately 10% for fiscal '23 and expect gross inflation to continue for the full calendar year 2023. We will update you at our Q4 earnings call in July with our inflation expectations for full year fiscal '24. We expect our net leverage ratio at year-end to remain approximately 3.65x and anticipate CapEx spend of approximately $370 million for fiscal '23. This number is below our original expectations due to the timing of certain projects. We remain committed to making capital investments to support our growth and productivity priorities with a focus on capacity expansion and automation. Lastly, we expect interest expense to be approximately $410 million and pension and post-retirement income to be approximately $25 million for the year, driven by the higher interest rate environment. Our full year tax rate estimate remains approximately 24%. To sum things up, we are proud that we delivered another strong quarter in fiscal '23 especially considering a supply chain environment that continued to present some challenges. Our service levels have improved and our margins continue to recover to pre-COVID levels, and we remain committed to executing on our strategic priorities to generate value for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for listening. I'll now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Sean, maybe to start off with something a little bit broader. I think we're all aware of what the more sort of negative narrative on the overall food group is at this stage, which is as food companies lap the pricing and organic sales will slow, companies will raise promotions to drive volume, and that will somehow compete away the margin recovery. And I guess I was hoping that in light of Conagra's results today and sort of the implicit fourth quarter EPS that looks to be a bit below the current street view. I guess I'm curious, how would you characterize your results sort of in the context of the group-wide narrative that I sort of just laid out?
Sean Connolly: As I've said on these calls many times before, navigating these inflation cycles is pretty mechanical. You get hit with inflation, you take price, you don't reflect it right away, and therefore, you experience a lag, which compresses margins, but then pricing catches up and margins recover as you saw us start to do really materially in Q2. Then when you wrap these actions, dollar growth comes down and unit performance improves, both because elasticities wane and because you wrap the unit impact. So that stuff is all mechanical, and it's all predictable. I think what you're getting at is the big question then becomes what comes next. And the goal is obviously sustained growth. And the debate that you're poking at here is, well, what will the tactic be? And to me, that answer is crystal clear, especially for us, simply by looking at how we have pursued growth since I have been with Conagra. The answer in a word is innovation. Just look at our frozen performance it was 100% about innovation, premiumization, but ironically, also value over volume philosophy around actually eliminating low-quality promotion. So the question then becomes, why would Conagra suddenly or anybody else for that matter, suddenly believe that the opposite approach is now a smart growth strategy? That doesn't make a lot of sense to me. As far as, as Q4 goes, first, listen, as I said in my opening remarks, I feel very good about where we sit and our plan is working. Our margin recovery is in place, our elasticities remain benign and consistent, supply chain is improving, innovation is hitting the market, top line trends are improving. So in terms of the implied Q4 guide, we think it's prudent. Supply chain is improving but it's not all the way back, and our position all year has been to plan conservatively in this regard. And as far as unit volume goes, I think we gave you a lot of color on that already. But for those that are more inclined to focus on short-term trends, our eight-year unit CAGR in the most recent four-week period scanner data, which is ending 3 25 was right smack in the middle of our peer set and at levels that are entirely predictable as our muted elasticities kind of show you. So to be above that, either elasticities would have to be nonexistent or you would have to be shipping ahead of consumption. And the former is unrealistic, and the latter is not part of our playbook.
Andrew Lazar: Right. Great. And then just I didn't hear -- just a quick one. I didn't hear any mention of the canned meat recall as impacting the quarter. And I'm pretty sure there was supposed to be some impact but maybe I got that wrong. And then I'll pass it on.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Andrew. As we said in CAGNY, we expected a 50 basis point impact on Q3, and that's exactly what it did. It impacted us 50 basis points on sales, lost sales. We also had additional impact of around $8 million in kind of fees and just cost to bring the product back. That actually hits net sales and gross margin. So it's really both of those pieces. That did hit in Q3. Just to finish that point, I did say that, that would fully recover in Q4. One thing that has changed is we're really ramping up the replenishment on the shelf. So, we're not going to see that full replenishment of the 50 basis points we lost in Q3 come back in Q4. That's going to drift into the beginning of fiscal '24.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the guidance for the top line, just trimmed at the top end very slightly, not a huge deal, but just trying to get a little bit deeper into the reasons behind that. Is it mainly just the manufacturing issues that you had? Or are there other factors that we should think about as we look at that?
Sean Connolly: Ken, I'll make a quick comment, and I'll turn it over to Dave. The manufacturing friction that we've run into, this is part of the reason why we've had a conservative outlook all year long is these things keep popping up. And for us, it happens to be fully isolated around cans. And whether it's Vienna Sausage or other things, it's a quality issue that we've had to deal with, getting cans where we need it to be a frankly, you've seen a those kind of issues pop up across the industry, in large part, tied to labor where you're dealing with a lot of inexperienced labor in companies and their suppliers that lead to these quality issues that sometimes you find before you produce the product, sometimes you find them after you produce the product. So that impacted Q3 and it will drift a little bit into Q4. The good news is we've gotten to the root cause of those things, and we've got them contained. So now we just got to get the remnant out of our system, so to speak. But again, that means the setup going forward as we do that, I think, is a positive and should become a tailwind. Dave, do you want to add anything?
Dave Marberger: Yes. I mean, Sean hit it. Just to give you a little bit more specifics, as I just mentioned on the previous question, we do not expect now to see the bounce back from the Armour recall in Q4, that is going to drift into next year. That was 50 basis points that impacted Q3. And then category, Sean talked about, chilies, beans and then the impact of the frozen fish. These dynamics, we're working through that. It's improving, but we're still on allocation in some of those specific categories and actually SKUs. And so that is impacting Q4 as well on the top line. If you just think about it this way, if you look at the previous guidance, which was 7% to 8% for the full year, that implies a midpoint for Q4 of about 5.8% with the revised guidance for the year, that implies a midpoint of about 4.8%. So, that's about a 100 basis points of a decline in the Armour and then these other allocation issues with the brands I just mentioned are pretty much why.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then for my follow-up, you trimmed your CapEx outlook. You're hardly the only company to be doing that these days. I understand -- I think I understand the reasons why. I'm just curious, Dave, you mentioned it's more of a timing issue. I'm curious how delayed are those projects in general? And is it fair to say that nothing really throws your supply chain optimization plan off course? Or is there anything in there that's delayed as well?
Dave Marberger: No, Ken. Just we're still on track with the commitments we made at our Investor Day on the $1 billion over three years. A lot of it is just normal timing. In this environment, we're still working through where things just take longer. If you're ordering certain materials and things that you need to execute these CapEx projects, they're just taking a little bit more time. So -- but it's not at all changing kind of the opportunities we see and the projects that we're going to target.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: So just a question on the Q4 guidance. So at the midpoint, your updated full year guidance for operating margins, implies Q4 operating margins decline year-over-year, but you've seen about 180 basis points of operating margin expansion year-to-date. So what's driving that more cautious Q4 margin outlook?
Dave Marberger: Yes, Pam. Let me get -- good question. So Sean had mentioned that our approach to guidance this entire fiscal year has been about being prudent. And it's because of the volatile environment we're in with the supply chain challenges and then the historic inflation in pricing. And we're continuing that approach for Q4. So we still expect inflection in our gross margins, but we are building in what I'll call a healthy level of contingency for supply chain friction costs in our cost of goods sold. Also just a more specific item regarding SG&A, we will be up in Q4 versus prior year and up versus Q3 absolute dollar levels. SG&A will be more in line with what we saw in Q2 in terms of SG&A dollars. So we expect to finish the year near that 9% in net sales level, and that's just timing. And then for EPS, we always forecast sort of a more moderate estimate for Ardent Mills. So that would be down versus what we delivered for Q3. So, they're really the key drivers. I think it's just we're taking a prudent approach to our guidance.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. And then just on gross margins, you've had very strong gross margin expansion year-to-date. How should we think about gross margins in Q4 and then into next year? Can gross margins continue to move above this 28% level? And how are you thinking about the contribution from your productivity investments?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I'd say is we were deliberate in stating off the fact that our top priority this year was on gross margin recovery. And it kind of comes back to Andrew's point, why is that so important? Because gross margins fund our innovation program and our innovation program is how we drive high-quality sustained growth that can be margin accretive over time. This all hangs together. It's a simple concept. So if you think about what we try to do around here as a company and our playbook, it's all about perpetually improving our growth rates and improving our margins. And we do that in a variety of ways from the mix of our portfolio to our value over volume strategy to our relentless approach to innovation. That's what it's all about. So, we're not giving long-term gross margin guidance from here, but I would just say what we've always said, which is philosophically, our game plan is to drive a northward trajectory on sales and gross margins into the future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from David Palmer of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: I wanted to ask you about your multiyear sales trends or how you're maybe thinking about that. This quarter, the sales trends were stable on a four-year basis. And your guidance implies roughly stable for your organic sales trends with that 5% or so organic growth in fiscal 4Q? I wonder if you see reasons for reacceleration in the multiyear trend into the first half of this upcoming year? You mentioned the supply chain maybe a point or so. And the reason I'm asking this is because stable four-year trends will get you to maybe flat to up 2% organic revenue by the first quarter, which I'm sure is not great news. So, I'm wondering about reasons for reacceleration beyond maybe that supply chain hiccup you mentioned?
Sean Connolly: Well, David, we're not obviously going to get into next year's guidance today. But I'll come back to the mechanical point that I made at the beginning of the Q&A section here, we're going to go into this phase here where we start getting into Q1 and then Q2 and then Q3 next year where you really start to wrap on the pricing, and you're going to see dollars come down, but you'll see the unit declines that were tied to multiple waves of pricing tied to the elasticity start to rebound. So that's going to be a shift. That's going to be in everybody's next fiscal year, and it's going to be different for every company because every company started pricing -- so you're going to see that shift. And I think everybody's got to start to model for that and prepare for that because then when you get through that, you're going to be back to pretty much everybody's long-term algorithm. And for us is sales, that's low single digits. And so that's what we expect. And then we pursue that a variety of ways, the bulk of which is through innovation. Dave, anything else you'd add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. But David, what you're poking at is true, right? So if you think about Armour, for example, where we had a recall, we pulled everything and now we're replenishing and some of that will drift into the beginning of fiscal '24. So when you have that, that's obviously going to be a tailwind, right, for the quarter. But that's what's made these last couple of years, so difficult because every quarter, there's different dynamics in terms of when different companies are on allocation and then when they get off allocation and what does that do to shipments versus consumption. And so it's hard to put a really big point on it, plus we're not going to get into detail on guidance until July. But conceptually, that's correct. When you're on allocation or you're out of stock and then you replenish, you are going to see a bounce back from that.
David Palmer: I wanted to ask maybe one more, going to see, if you could comment a bit more on the inflation. You said you're expecting inflation for all of calendar '23. If that were up low single digits then you would be talking about a flat second half of calendar '23, meaning your first half of fiscal '24. So I'm wondering what type of inflation are you thinking about for -- as you enter into fiscal '24?
Dave Marberger: Yes, David, we're going to give more detailed guidance on fiscal year '24 inflation on our July call. I think to do it now, I think, is a bit premature. What I can tell you is, as you've seen every quarter, our market inflation has been decelerating, okay? So the rate of inflation has come down, and we expect that to continue into Q4. We guided to approximately 10%, which implies about a 5.5% market inflation rate in Q4. In terms of the 8% that we saw in Q3, it's still roughly about 10% is materials, which is 2/3 of our cost, right, ingredients and packaging. So we are still seeing market inflation at a high level there, although it is coming down, as I mentioned. And then when you get into the manufacturing side with labor, that's more kind of higher -- mid- to higher single digits there. And then the transportation and warehousing has actually been kind of lower single digits. So that has been coming down stronger. So that's where we are now, but we're not going to give all that detail until we do it in the context of our full guidance for fiscal '24. I think that's the way we want to do it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Just question, Sean, on how you're thinking about the rolling off of the SNAP benefits and the impact obviously it has on just the overall packaged food space. Just curious, if you have any thoughts on states that rolled off last year and if you have any observations there? And then just tied to that, given how dynamic the promotional environment is and how savvy Conagra has been with digital, I'm just curious like how you think about measuring the ROI of some of that spend? Do you expect that kind of digital promotion side of the business to really start ramping in the back half of the year?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Nik. Let's talk SNAP first. So out of the 50 states, we've got 18 rolled off of these -- they've sunset these emergency allotments previously and then you got 32 that just rolled off recently. So what do we know so far? What we know is that what we saw in terms of impact to our portfolio from the '18 was no material impact. And we've been tracking that for some time. I've mentioned this on calls before and we just not have not seen any material impact there. And I will give you, as I did last quarter, one perspective on why I think that's the case for our portfolio is we already do have really great value offerings within the Conagra portfolio. So if you've got more limited SNAP allotments it would seem logical to me that you would use them on the things that are inherently harder to afford. And our products are inherently easier to afford and that may explain why we've seen such modest impact. But you've got 32 states that have just recently come off. It's just -- it's brand-new data. We're going to -- we monitor this over an 8-, 10-week period, so we can see if there's any movement there, and we will do just that. But based on what we've seen in the '18 thus far, I just don't have a good rationale for saying that, that would be any different of a result. With respect to digital, I would say you used the word promotion. I think what we do is digital marketing. I mean we do literally do some digital promotion with our customers, where they shop online, things like that. And we invest in search to make sure people find our products. But a lot of what we do to drive buzz on our brands is what I talked about at CAGNY, which is really finding real people who use our brands to tell their story of how our brands fit in their life in their own words very authentically. We call those people irrefutable advocates. They live on TikTok, in Insta, things like that, and they -- we build relationships with them, and they tell our story. And -- it's incredibly efficient, which is why you see our A&P line look lighter than you see in companies that use traditional tools because it's far more efficient than traditional in-line media, which is not only expensive, but it's heavily ineffective. So we've done that. I just saw some new stuff for my team yesterday that's coming on a couple of our brands that I'm very excited about. And we're just going to continue -- this is an evolution in terms of this digital marketing and the irrefutable advocates. We love it. We think it works for us, and we're going to continue to drive it hard.
Nik Modi: SP1 Great. And just one just quick question. How long do you think it will take to get back to fill rates that were in line with the pre-pandemic levels? I mean do you guys have any visibility or time line on that?
Sean Connolly: We're -- frankly, we're there on some categories right now. So we gave you the north of 90% number, but this is a pretty vast portfolio, as you know. And so the way you should interpret that is that, that 90-ish number at the portfolio level has embedded in it in some categories and brands that are already back to which is best-in-class where we've already been. Equally, we have had manufacturing disruptions that we talked about quite a bit today that we're still on allocation or we're still replenishing stock on the shelf, and we have to do that before it's even in a scan. So you put those all together and you get that low 90 service level, the transitory stuff with the manufacturing disruptions we've got it contained, we're ramping it up. And so that average that we quoted today should improve from here. Dave, do you want to...
Dave Marberger: Yes, just one thing to add, Nik, the -- our inventory levels and our days on hand, our safety stocks are finally back to pre-COVID levels where we want them. So we're in really good shape with our a couple of categories, which we've talked about, where we're still working through it. But overall, I feel really good about where we are now with our inventory levels.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Sean, I just wanted to clarify one of your comments. I think in your prepared remarks and talking about more of the recent Nielsen data you said you expected an acceleration kind of going forward in that data. But then if we just look at the 4Q guidance, obviously, there's a decel in the sales growth rate. So maybe you can just clarify that for us quickly.
Sean Connolly: Well, what I'm really getting at there is relative to Q3. I mean, we -- as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we had -- there's a lot of noise in the year-on-year quarterly data in Q3, both for us and peers. And we had some of the supply chain things hit us in Q3. So as we wrap some -- get past some of the unusual comps. We had some strong comps on big businesses in Q3. We move into Q4. The profile of the comps change on some of our big businesses, plus you'll see we get back in stock on some of these canned categories where we've had canned fish, where we've had some limited ability supply and those conspire to show improving consumption trends. So I referenced the four-week Nielsen's ending 3 25. Today, our units and our dollars, you've seen improvements, and that's a four-week number, right? So the fact that the staggering four-week numbers that come out every two weeks improve, are kind of showing you embedded in that is weekly data that is improving week after week after week. And that's really what I was referring to.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. And Dave, going back to the question around CapEx, obviously, understanding the timing. Just also understanding, like cash flow from operations is actually running a little bit behind last year. Maybe that's a timing mismatch on working capital but how we should think about free cash flow maybe through the rest of this year and particularly as we get into next year with some of the debt maturities that you have upcoming.
Dave Marberger: Yes, absolutely. All of the cash flow from operations impact that you're talking about is from us building back our inventory levels. So, you'll see on our cash flow statement the increase in working capital related to inventory. And that gets back to the point I just made, where we are back to healthy levels with our inventory, great safety stock levels. So, we feel really good going forward. So as we get into especially Q1 of fiscal '24, we should be in an opportunity where you can start to see inventory as more of a tailwind versus a headwind. And it's just been investment to build back our inventories to the safety stock levels that we want to be able to execute our plan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Can I, first of all, ask about the surge in the foodservice side of things. It's obviously been strong for a while. Are there particular channels in there that are doing very well? I'm just wondering about the overall recovery on that side of the business. And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Marberger: Okay, Alexia. Yes, we're really pleased with foodservice. Our sales were up 18%. We had just over a 1% volume decline. We've seen strength in a couple of different areas. Our commercial business has been up. We have a popcorn business, which was very healthy in terms of volumes in the quarter, and then obviously, the pricing. We've been able to pass on inflation justified pricing and we have not seen volume declines -- significant volume declines from that. So, the area, we're still focused on are margins. So, we've seen nice improvement in margins in Foodservice, but we still have some work to do to get back to the pre-COVID margin level. So another 200 to 300 basis points of improvement, and I'll be happier with the margins. But overall, we're really pleased with kind of how our Foodservice business has bounced back.
Alexia Howard: Got it. And then as a follow-up, I'm just curious about the market share trends in Frozen. It looks as though things are down a bit in that part of the business. I'm wondering, if it's supply constraints? And how does that recover over time? Is that a faster pace of innovation as we roll into 2024 or marketing? Or would pricing actions be needed on or promotional activity be needed on that side of the business?
Sean Connolly: Sure. Alexia, it's Sean. Yes, that is a great example of what I mean by noise in the quarter and year-on-year. I mean if you want to look at our sustained market share trends in Frozen since 2016, '17 when the innovation program really ramped up. It's been extremely strong consistently. And now we're wrapping a quarter where there is a bunch of noise in there. Let me just give you some examples of that. Omicron was last Q3, and we had businesses that performed especially single-serve meal exceedingly well during Omicron because people were staying home, they were having lunch at home, and so we had very big comps on some big businesses there. We also had competitors in Frozen in the year ago period that had major supply chain challenges and lost merchandising events where we picked it up also impacting our comps in the year ago period, and we did not repeat some of those this year. And then you got the fish fire issue. So there is a fair amount -- and I should mention value over volume on Birds Eye is one of the things that volumetrically is going to affect those numbers because 10 for 10 promotions, and our company has we've weaned ourselves off a promotion big time since 2015. In the last quarter, we were just over 20%. But until we hit this most recent inflation cycle, there still have been surgical 10 for 10 in our company's portfolio that were not very profitable. They existed in two places. One was in low-tier vegetables and the other was in some of our Shepherd's a good example. We have eliminated that practice. And this was the right window for us to do that, and we refer to that as value over volume. So as you've seen us do in the past, when we take that action, we will purge some low-profit volume out of our base, our margins will expand. We'll now have a much stronger base to build on with high quality, more premium innovation. And so that is one of the things we're doing at low-tier vegetables, getting out of that 10 for 10 business. So hopefully, that gives you some color. We feel awesome about our frozen business and the innovation pipeline we've got going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jason English for Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: First, Ardent Mills JV banner year this year on top of a great year last year. I know you're not giving guidance for next year, but maybe you can help level set us as we look to normalized year, what do you think the right level of earnings is to model for that business?
Dave Marberger: Jason, it's a difficult question to answer. Ardent Mills is a great business. It's a newer business. It's been growing, and it really has two key components of its business. It's core milling and blending business where it creates great flours that it sells to customers and then it has more of a trading type business. And so that core business has continued to grow, the margins have expanded. They have great mix. They have great strategies to really drive the margins on that business and the sales. And they've also benefited from this environment and the volatility on their trading side of the business. And so the question comes down to what's that trading piece? I think that the center line of performance for Ardent Mills will continue to go up. It's just quarter-to-quarter, there can be more volatility just given the nature of the business.
Jason English: Yes. Okay. Well, in the first quarter '21, you told me it was about $70 million was a reasonable number on an annualized basis. If the core business is growing, it sounds like it's north of $70 million. But clearly, well south of the 180-ish or whatever you're going to deliver this year somewhere in that range, I care, but any guidance in terms of where we're closer to?
Dave Marberger: No, no, not at this point.
Jason English: Okay. And then the performance this quarter was solid. Obviously, volumes soft, but no worse than expected, other than in Frozen, I mean, Frozen was a bit of an odd man out in terms of the relative underperformance of volume versus what we saw in Nielsen. You mentioned frozen fish. But can you unpack a little bit more of what drove the sharp sequential deceleration and the underperformance versus what we're seeing in Nielsen? And you mentioned you're pursuing a volume or value over volume, which makes sense. How are you rightsizing your manufacturing network to adjust for the lower volume throughput?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Jason, I'll come back to kind of the things that I just shared with Alexia. If you're looking at year-on-year decel, you have to consider what was in the last year. So you got to look at it at a brand level, you got to pull out the Omicron stuff. It's probably even better to look at it on a two-year stack basis because you had Omicron strain in single-serve meals, you got weakness this year in fish. And then the bigger one is the right time to get off of the 10 for 10 promotions in Birds Eye is now because we're in a pricing cycle. And basically, the way to think about it is in an inflationary environment, you don't want to stick your promotion practices, especially these high-velocity promotions that are not very profitable. You don't want to stick to what where you were before an inflation super cycle. You have to move off that. And frankly, while these inflation cycles are painful for manufacturers to go through to a degree, sometimes they're actually quite good for you because they become a catalyst for getting your pricing right and getting off of legacy promotions that customers are very attached to that are low profitability. So just the timing is right for us to go further on that and on the business as I cited some of it in Frozen and some of it in our can business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Robert Dickerson: Just one question for me. Just to stick on the Refrigerated & Frozen line of questioning. So Sean, profitability margin in that segment was clearly the highest, I think, we've ever seen and clearly, a huge step up year-over-year, a huge step up relative to Q1 of this year. It sounds like maybe there's some need over time to kind of increasingly invest in that side of the business. But at the same time, you're almost sitting at 21% op margin. So as we think forward, whether it's Q4 or next year or five years forward, would you say now you've kind of reached kind of a point of profitability on that business that maybe you would have expected coming out of the Pinnacle acquisition? And is that level of profitability sustainable or at least within some rational range factor again the volatility of the supply chain, et cetera. That's it.
Sean Connolly: Rob, yes, saw a pretty massive expansion in that frozen refrigerated segment. And part of it was -- were things like the vegetable promotion decisions that we made that contribute to that. And it's one of the reasons why I always remind our investors before you get too focused on absolute gross margin numbers, focus on gross margin trajectory because through an investor's lens, that's I think what people want is they want gross margins that can sustainably move north. And so with our company and where we were even 10 years ago because of the lack of innovation and because of legacy prices that were stuck at certain levels or, in some cases, decades, you saw that structural margins had drifted lower. Well, by unwinding that under management, premiumizing the portfolio, we have the ability over time across all of our segments, we believe, to drive northward progress in our gross margins. And that is central to our strategy. That's what we're doing in frozen, and it's one of the things that contributed to the growth in the quarter. The only other color I would give on Frozen specifically is something I mentioned at CAGNY, which is to be very profitable in Frozen, you have to have scale. And we have been very deliberate over the last several years and continuing to build our scale in Frozen because when you've got scale, you can drive that profit and that margin improvement. And if you've got the innovation program that wins with consumers, then you've got the trifecta. So that's really our game plan.
Robert Dickerson: And just to clarify, obviously realized you're not guiding for next fiscal year, but all of us have to put something in our model. So I'm just curious, if I look at that percent margin operating in Q3, it doesn't sound -- what you're saying is there's anything necessarily in there that was one-off that could have inflated that in a given quarter, that's basically kind of what you were managing toward that hopefully would be somewhat sustainable.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Rob, this is David. I think that's fair. I think if you kind of step back and you just look at the last two quarters, and this applies to further apply to the entire domestic retail business. The gross margins have inflected why volume has been down 8.5% to 9%. So, we've been able to improve the margins with the volume decline because it gets back to the earlier point. We know, there's elasticities on pricing. So, we knew there was going to be volume declines and we planned for it, and it's all in the sort of the forecast for the margin. So, we don't see that materially changing. We're not going to give you a specific number, but I think those dynamics are right and that's why this value over volume approach is really important that we look category by category, and we understand the dynamics, and we focus on managing our margin as we manage the volume.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Melissa Napier for any closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. Investor Relations is around for any additional follow-up questions that you might have. We hope everyone has a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-01-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Conagra Brands Second Quarter and First Half Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note todays event is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the floor over to Melissa Napier, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today for the Conagra Brands second quarter and first half fiscal 2023 earnings call. I am here with Sean Connolly, our CEO and Dave Marberger, our CFO, who will discuss our business performance. We will take your questions when our prepared remarks conclude. On todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and the slides that we will be reviewing on todays call, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. I hope you all are off to a happy and healthy start to the New Year. Thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 23 earnings call. Id like to start by covering some key points for the quarter on Slide 5. Despite our most recent wave of inflation-justified pricing, consumer demand for our products in the second quarter was strong as elasticities remained muted and well below historical norms. The ongoing durability of demand is a testament to the strength of our portfolio and demonstrates how the Conagra Way playbook has positioned our brands to continue to resonate with consumers even in an inflationary environment. The successful execution of our playbook is clear in our second quarter results. We drove a significant increase in our top line. We continue to have solid share performance across the portfolio, especially in our key frozen and snacks domains and we made excellent progress recovering both gross and operating margin. Operationally, we made good headway on our supply chain and productivity initiatives. While we are pleased with what weve accomplished to-date, our supply chain is not yet fully normalized. That will improve. And overall, we see a long runway of opportunity ahead. We also continue to prioritize strengthening our balance sheet while making strategic investments in our business and returning capital to shareholders. In short, Conagra had a strong quarter across the board. Given our positive results during the first half of fiscal 23, we have increased our expectations for the year, raising our full year guidance across all metrics, including organic net sales growth, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share. With that overview, lets dive into the results on Slide 6. As you can see, we delivered organic net sales of more than $3.3 billion, representing an 8.6% increase over the prior year period. Our adjusted gross margin of 28.2% represents a 310 basis point increase over the second quarter of last year. And our adjusted operating margin of 17% represents a 237 basis point increase over that same period. Adjusted EPS rose 26.6% from last year to $0.81 per share. Slide 7 goes into more detail on our sales results on a 1 and 3-year basis. Given the timing when the pandemic and inflation began to impact our industry, we believe that the 3-year comparison provides important context to highlight the underlying strength of our performance. At the total Conagra level, we grew retail sales more than 10% on a 1-year basis and more than 26% on a 3-year basis. We are pleased with our solid share performance, including how our strong brands allowed us to largely maintain total company market share while taking several inflation-justified pricing actions, particularly during the past year. Notably, we have continued to drive robust share gains in key frozen and snacks strategic domains on both a 1 and 3-year basis. I want to spend a minute putting our sales growth in context. Slide 8 shows our performance over the past 3 years compared to our near-in peer group, including Campbells, General Mills, Kelloggs, Kraft Heinz and Smuckers. We have a great deal of respect for our peers, all of which have been navigating the same macro demand and inflation dynamics over the past 3 years. Among this group, Conagra ranked second in dollar sales growth and first in unit sales performance. Its important to keep in mind that all of these peers have taken pricing actions to help offset inflation and Conagra is in the middle of the peer set in terms of the price per unit increases in this time period. Its clear that consumers continue to appreciate the quality, convenience and superior relative value that our strong brands have to offer, which has enabled Conagra to perform extremely well on both an absolute and relative basis. Lets take a closer look at our top line performance during the second quarter by retail domain, starting with Frozen on Slide 9. We maintained our momentum, delivering strong retail sales growth on both a 1 and 3-year basis improving 9% and 26%, respectively. This growth was driven by a number of our key categories, including breakfast sausages and single-serve meals, which both experienced double-digit retail sales growth compared to last year. Turning to Snacks on Slide 10, you can see a similar story. We drove a 14% increase in retail sales compared to the second quarter of fiscal 22 and a 41% increase over the second quarter of fiscal 20. The continued momentum of our snacks business is broad-based across a number of categories. Compared to last year, microwave popcorn was up 21%, seeds was up 18%, and meat snacks and hot cocoa both rose more than 14%. We also accelerated growth in our highly relevant staples portfolio, increasing retail sales 10% this quarter compared to the second quarter of last year and 22% compared to the same period 3 years ago. This growth was led by pickles and whipped toppings which grew more than 11% and 10% respectively on a year-over-year basis. As I have mentioned, our strong top line performance was primarily driven by inflation-justified price increases, coupled with ongoing muted elasticities. Slide 12 details the relationship between pricing and volume over time. As you would expect, increased pricing does have an impact on volume, both for Conagra and the total industry. However, you can see how elasticities have remained steady even as we have continued to increase the price per unit of our products to help offset ongoing COGS inflation. And as we detailed a few minutes ago, Conagras 3-year CAGR on unit sales performance leads its near-in peer group. The relatively modest elasticities, both compared to historic norms and our peers are a testament to the strength of our brand. Now that we have unpacked the relationship between price and volume and the resulting net sales, Id like to spend a few minutes on the relationship between net sales and COGS and the resulting impact on our margin performance on Slide 13. Generally speaking, when a business has strong brands, strong processes and strong people, as Conagra does, it is able to navigate inflationary cycles in discrete, predictable phases. As we have detailed for some time, when unprecedented inflation increased our cost of goods, we took strategic pricing actions to help offset the rising costs. However, there was an inherent lag between when we implemented pricing actions and when we realized the benefits of those actions in our top line results. This pricing lag resulted in temporary margin compression. Furthermore, continued inflation extended this period of margin compression as new inflation-justified pricing actions led to additional lag effects. That is the dynamic we have experienced over the last several quarters as we continue to play catch-up by increasing price incrementally to account for the extraordinary extended rise in inflation. At the end of the first quarter, we reached a significant inflection point in the relationship between net sales and COGS, marking the end of the temporary margin compression phase in the beginning of the margin recovery phase. As you can see in the chart, inflation has begun to moderate in certain areas enabling our inflation-justified pricing actions to catch up to the rising costs. Slide 14 shows the impact this inflection has had on our gross margin results as continuously rising inflation weighed on our COGS throughout fiscal 22 and into the first quarter of fiscal 23, our margins were compressed. Now predictably, as pricing has finally caught up to COGS inflation, you can see the recovery of our gross margin to be more in line with pre-pandemic levels. While our gross margin can vary quarter-to-quarter due to a range of internal and external factors, the strategic pricing actions we have successfully executed, combined with moderating inflation and our strong brands, position us well to recover and maintain a healthy gross margin going forward. Of course, inflation remains elevated in many areas and we continue to closely monitor our costs, just as we have in the past. We will continue to take appropriate inflation-justified pricing actions as needed. Another key driver of our margin recovery is our supply chain performance shown on Slide 15. This is due to a combination of macro factors as well as the strategic initiatives we are executing to improve our operations. We made good progress on our supply chain during the second quarter, which benefited from improvements in the service we provided to our customers, continued headway on our ongoing productivity initiatives, which remain on track to achieve the targets we outlined at our most recent Investor Day, more moderate increases in commodity prices and improved inventory levels due to an increase in the availability of materials. The takeaway here is that we are pleased with the progress we are making, but industry-wide challenges do persist. There is more room for improvement as we advance our productivity initiatives and the macro environment continues to normalize. As a result of our strong performance this quarter and the first half of fiscal year 2023, we are raising our full year guidance for all metrics detailed here on Slide 16. We now expect organic net sales to grow between 7% and 8% compared to fiscal 22; adjusted operating margin to be between 15.3% and 15.6%; and full year adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 14% or $2.60 to $2.70 per share. Dave will provide more detail on the underlying assumptions behind these expectations. Before I turn the mic over, I want to summarize what I have covered today. Our strong performance during the first half of fiscal 23 was primarily driven by a combination of inflation-justified pricing actions and muted elasticities, reflecting the strength of our brands. Consumers continue to recognize the value our brands provide despite the higher prices, allowing us to gain share in key domains such as frozen and snacks. Our top line growth was coupled with encouraging progress in a number of different areas of our supply chain that enabled us to operate more efficiently. Together, these factors as well as improvement in the inflationary environment helped us recover our margins to near pre-pandemic levels. As a result of our strong performance, we are raising our full year fiscal 23 guidance for organic net sales, adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS. Finally, we are looking forward to seeing everyone who can make it to CAGNY this year. We plan to host our annual kickoff dinner on February 20 and are scheduled to present the following morning. We will follow-up with more details on the event as we get closer. With that, I will pass the call over to Dave to cover the financials from the quarter in more detail.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean and good morning everyone. I will begin by discussing a few highlights from the quarter as shown on Slide 19. We are very pleased with our second quarter results, which reflect the ongoing strength of our business and successful execution of the Conagra Way playbook. For the quarter, we delivered organic net sales growth of 8.6%, primarily driven by inflation-justified pricing and muted elasticities. Adjusted gross margin increased to 28.2% and adjusted gross profit dollar growth was up 21.7%, benefiting from higher organic net sales and productivity initiatives. The increase in adjusted gross profit, combined with another strong performance from our Ardent Mills joint venture, contributed to adjusted EBITDA growth of 21.5%. Slide 20 provides a breakdown of our net sales. As you can see, the 8.6% increase in organic net sales was driven by a 17% improvement in price/mix, which was a result of inflation-justified pricing actions that were reflected in the marketplace throughout the quarter. This was partially offset by an 8.4% decrease in volume, primarily due to the elasticity impact from those pricing actions. However, the impact was favorable to both expectations and historical levels. Slide 21 shows the top line performance for each segment in Q2. We are pleased with the robust net sales growth across our entire portfolio. Net sales growth in our domestic retail portfolio remained strong, with our Grocery & Snacks segment and Refrigerated & Frozen segment achieving net sales growth of 6.8% and 10.5%, respectively. The difference between the organic and reported net sales performance in our International segment reflects the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. Ill now discuss our Q2 adjusted margin bridge found on Slide 22. We drove a 12.2% benefit from improved price/mix during the quarter, driven by the previously discussed inflation-justified pricing actions. We also realized a 1.3% benefit from continued progress on our supply chain productivity initiatives. These pricing and productivity benefits were partially offset by continued inflationary pressure with 11% gross market inflation negatively impacting our operating margins by 7.5% and a negative margin impact of 2.9% from market-based sourcing. As a reminder, as commodity prices rose quickly last year, we benefited from locking in contracted costs that were lower than the market. Even though we see commodity inflation moderating, we will not immediately realize a benefit to the P&L as our costs may remain higher than the spot market due to the timing of our contracts and when they roll off. Slide 23 breaks down our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment. As Sean detailed, our decisive inflation-justified pricing actions, coupled with improved service levels and productivity, allowed us to successfully navigate ongoing inflationary pressures and industry-wide supply chain challenges and deliver adjusted operating margin expansion in each segment during the quarter. We were also pleased that higher sales and productivity, once again, offset headwinds from inflation and elevated supply chain operating costs across all four segments in Q2. As a result of this continued strong performance, total adjusted operating profit increased 25.9% to $563 million during the quarter despite an increase in adjusted corporate expense during the period primarily due to increased incentive compensation. Slide 24 shows our adjusted EPS bridge for the quarter. Q2 adjusted EPS increased $0.17 or 26.6% compared to the prior year. This significant increase was primarily driven by higher sales and gross profit as well as a small benefit from a continued strong performance from Ardent Mills. Slightly offsetting these positives were higher A&P and adjusted SG&A compared to the prior year period as well as lower pension and postretirement income, higher interest expense and the impact of adjusted taxes. Slide 25 reflects the continued progress we made on our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet. Our net leverage ratio remained at 3.9x at the end of Q2, down from 4.3x at the end of Q2 in the prior year period. As we have previously communicated, Q2 is historically a heavier use of cash quarter from a working capital perspective. So we expect progress on our net leverage reduction to be greater in the back half of the year. With that in mind, we continue to expect to end the fiscal year with a net leverage ratio of roughly 3.7x. Year-to-date CapEx of $188 million decreased by $69 million compared to the prior year period, while free cash flow increased by $104 million year-over-year. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders as evidenced by our payment of $159 million in dividends in Q2 fiscal 23 and $309 million year-to-date. The first half dividend increase of $27 million compared to the first half of fiscal 22 reflects the quarterly dividend rate of $0.33 per share. We also repurchased $100 million worth of shares in the second quarter and $150 million worth of shares year-to-date to offset most of the longer-term performance-based shares we estimate issuing. As we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we will continue to evaluate the highest and best use of capital to strengthen our balance sheet and optimize shareholder value. As Sean mentioned, we are raising our fiscal 23 guidance for net sales growth, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted earnings per share given our strong performance in the first half of fiscal 23 and expectations for a solid performance for the balance of the year. Turning to Slide 27, Id like to take a minute to walk through the considerations and assumptions behind our guidance. We expect gross inflation to continue, but moderate through the remainder of the fiscal year, resulting in an inflation rate of approximately 10% for fiscal 23. Additional inflation-justified pricing actions that have previously been communicated and accepted will go into market in Q3. However, the magnitude of these pricing actions will be smaller and more targeted than previous pricing actions. As always, we will continue to monitor inflation levels and price as needed to manage future volatility. We anticipate CapEx spend of approximately $425 million in fiscal 23 as we make investments to support our growth and productivity priorities with a focus on capacity expansion and automation. Approximately $200 million of the $425 million was spent in the first half of fiscal 23. Lastly, we expect interest expense to approximate $405 million and pension and postretirement income to approximate $25 million for the year, driven by the higher interest rate environment. Our full year tax rate estimate remains approximately 24%. To sum things up, we are extremely pleased with our strong performance in the first half of fiscal 23, especially the recovery of Q2 adjusted gross margins to near pre-COVID levels. This, along with our expected continued positive business momentum led to raising our full fiscal year 23 guidance. Our strong performance amid such a dynamic environment would not be possible without the hard work of our entire team and reflects the ongoing strength of our brands and successful execution of the Conagra Way playbook. Looking forward, we remain committed to executing on our strategic business priorities and generating value for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks for todays call. Thank you for listening. Ill now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. Happy New Year, everybody. Sean, obviously, you had expected and talked about sequential gross margin improvement as you move through the year. The 310 basis point jump certainly in gross margins is certainly far greater than investors were expecting. And I have to imagine greater than what maybe you were expecting internally. So I guess what was it that came in that much better in the quarter than you had anticipated? And I ask a sort of a view towards getting a better sense on really how sustainable these levels of gross margin are as we move through the year? Because as you have said previously you expected sequential improvement as the year progresses, so is this still the case from this new high level as we go through the back half of the year or are there any reasons to expect a step back? Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Sure, Andrew. Yes, everything were seeing is very consistent directionally with what weve expected precisely as things come in by month, by quarter, there is a little bit of variability there. But Id say, overall, I know these inflation super cycles are a complicated thing for our investors to unpack, which is why we always try to be instructive as to the predictable and mechanical way these cycles tend to unfold, if you have three things in place: strong brands; strong processes; and great people. So in a nutshell, the mechanics of this situation is, inflation hits, you announce price. The customers 90-day clock starts ticking. Then the customers 90-day clock expires. Elasticities exist, but they are, in fact, benign relative to history and consistent overall and margins recover. And sometimes, if its multiple waves of inflation, you rinse and repeat that whole process. And everything we are seeing, sales-wise and margin-wise is consistent overall with these textbook mechanics and therefore, entirely good news and not some negative surprise. So to come full circle, we dont see the margins that were looking at right now as a peak. We see them as the successful execution of our playbook. Dave, do you want to comment on that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. No, I think thats a great explanation of the mechanics of this, Andrew. I think as you look at H2, we would expect that the gross margin change in the second half to be pretty consistent with what we saw in Q2 around that 300 basis points. And what Ill point you to is  excuse me, you really need to look at the relationship of price/mix that we deliver each quarter versus the market inflation each quarter going back to the fourth quarter of 21. Conagra got hit with inflation earlier and to a much higher level than most food companies. And so we came out of the gate and it impacted our margin significantly, very quickly. So if you just look at fiscal 22, we had inflation every quarter that was 16% to 17%. And we never got to that level of pricing even in the fourth quarter. In fact, our pricing Q1 of last year was only 1.6%. So our pricing ramped up, but had not caught up to that significant inflation. Q1 of this year, our pricing was at 14%. Inflation was 15%, so we were getting close. This quarter, pricing, 17%; market inflation is 11%. So its the first quarter where weve actually seen the flip. And now that, that flips there, Sean had a chart in his deck. Thats when you see the margin recover. So we saw it in Q2, and that delta is, we expect it to continue as we go forward each quarter. Now I will call out Q2 for Conagra is our highest sales quarter. So the absolute gross margin of 28.2% is usually our highest. But in terms of looking forward, look at the delta that we delivered in Q2 as being a proxy before going forward.
Andrew Lazar: Really helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cody Ross from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. Two questions here. First one, you put up a slide showing how your unit sales on a 3-year CAGR basis are performing much better than your peers. What do you attribute that to?
Sean Connolly: Well, as you know, Cody, we  going into COVID  at the beginning of COVID, we performed extremely well in the peer set. And I made the point then that, that was not entirely a function of just people being forced to eat in their home. It was in part due to the fact that weve taken one of the largest portfolios of food in North America and completely overhauled it in terms of modernization and makeover during prior to COVID hitting. So that when COVID hit, we had many, many new households that were finding all these new innovations for the first time. And as I pointed out repeatedly over the last couple of years, our repeat performance and depth of repeat with those new households that weve gathered has been remarkably strong. So you put all that together, along with the fact that a lot of these younger consumers that spend so much time eating away from home pre-pandemic are still eating in the home now because prices are so high away from home. That has conspired to lead to benign elasticities overall for our industry. And as we pointed out before, our elasticities not only remained low versus historical norms, but they are consistent and they are among the lowest, if not the lowest, in the entire peer group. So its always a function of your brand strength. And the other thing I would add is, recall, we spent a lot of time in the last few years exiting businesses that are more commoditized, where that were more susceptible to trade down and people  consumers shifting to private label. So cooking oil, peanut butter, liquid eggs, I could go on. Weve done that. So weve done a lot of reshaping of the portfolio to be more resilient for a cycle like this, and were seeing it in the data.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. And then I just want to follow up on gross margin here. You revised your inflation outlook down to about 10% from low teens, implying approximately 8% inflation in the second half. What gives you the confidence to lower your inflation outlook? Where are you seeing the most easing? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Cody. If you really look at this, you have to go back to the base, right? So when inflation started for us is similar to what I just said, inflation started hitting us in the fourth quarter of our fiscal 21. And then every quarter of fiscal 22, we were in the 16% to 17% range. So as we  as you look this year and were estimating 10% for the year, that may appear a little bit lower than maybe some others, but thats off of a much higher base than others. So thats just the percentages. In the quarter, we saw inflation in packaging. So our cans, and in some of the other packaging areas, some of the commodity areas like dairy and sweeteners and then vegetables, we do see inflation moderating in the protein area. You remember, particularly, poultry hit us hard. We are seeing that moderate. So as we go forward, we expect it to moderate, but its still off a very high base. And thats our latest call based on the way we call inflation as market by market, we go through. And then remember, and you see this on our gross margin bridge, we have the sourcing component, right? So we always quote inflation as gross inflation based on market. And then based on how we lock it in with contracts or our hedges, the actual cost nets out in that sourcing line. So right now, for the quarter, our sourcing was a little negative just because were locked into some higher contracts in a couple of areas where the market has dropped.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Good morning. I wanted to dig in a little bit more toward the  or on the operating margin guidance. And thank you for the help in terms of how to think about the gross margin in the back half, Dave. It seems just back of the envelope math that to get to where your operating margin will be sort of that mid-15s for the year. And given that youre talking roughly about a 300 basis point increase continually in the gross margin that youre going to have to have a step up in SG&A as a percentage of sales. And Im just  a, is my back of the envelope math correct there? And b, what would cause that step-up as we think about going into the back half of the year? I assume, Sean, youre not going to advertise a lot more given your history. Im just trying to get a sense of how to think about that?
Dave Marberger: Let me  why dont I start and Sean, you can fill in. So Ken, from an SG&A perspective  and we had forecasted and guided at the beginning of the year that we expected SG&A to be increasing higher than sales and thats indeed what were seeing. So if you look at Q2 and the increase in SG&A, thats a reasonable estimate to estimate our H2 second half increase in SG&A. And thats basically investments that were making in automation and in our people. And there is some incentive compensation increase in there, partially from this year, but partially wrapping on last year. So they are really the big drivers of SG&A. We are expecting A&P to ramp. So we came in higher this quarter at 2.4%. And we expect that to continue to ramp up in H2 as well. Sean anything to...
Sean Connolly: Yes, the only  yes, on that, I would say, we do spend A&P, Ken. So we dont do a lot of in-line TV because we dont think its particularly effective. But we do spend A&P, and it does vary quarter-to-quarter depending upon the programs that weve got. As you know, its a lot of influencer type spend, digital spend, things like that. And so as weve got new innovations unfolding, we do back them based on the windows where weve got products coming to market. So there  you will see movements quarter-to-quarter in our A&P line, which syncs up  usually syncs up with the activity weve got planned in the marketplace. And frankly, when we got business momentum like this, we want  and weve got really exciting new innovation coming out that we will share at CAGNY. We do want to make sure we get those new products off to a good start with good awareness and good trial.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. Thats helpful. Just a very quick follow-up to Daves comment about kind of extrapolating that 2Q SG&A out, Dave, are you talking about the absolute dollars that were spent in 2Q or the year-on-year change that we should kind of think about extrapolating?
Dave Marberger: Year-on-year change, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much.
Dave Marberger: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Great. Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So two questions. The first one is a bit more of a take a step back. In my conversations with a lot of investors, people are commenting on the fact that youre not getting  really getting a lot of valuation credit to your faster-growing Snacks business. And they also want you to get the leverage down, which I think you commented on in the prepared remarks. Surely one solution might be to dispose of some of your more mature categories. Im just wondering how youre thinking about some of those slower growth businesses, the non-snack areas and whether you might think of that being a way into addressing some of those concerns more quickly? And then I have a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yes, great question, Alexia. Weve said, since I got here that, we are going to pursue consistent improvement in our sales rate and consistent improvement in our margins. And we will do it three ways. we will strengthen the businesses we own. we will acquire new businesses that fit. And we will divest stuff that is a drag on our sales and our margin. And if you look at the sheer amount of [indiscernible] down to last 8 years, its right up there near the top of the list in terms of activity. So thats part of our playbook. It will continue to be part of our playbook. We always look at that. And I always tell investors, if youve got an idea as to how we might reshape in a way that unlocks shareholder value, you can probably safely assume that we, prior  already thought about it and looked at it. Now with respect to the specific concept that you put out there, the way we look at things like that, particularly, when youre talking about more material divestitures, weve done a lot of kind of one-off. But when you package up big chunks of the business, and you look at doing  started spending them out or selling them something like that, you have to look very carefully at what happens with stranded overheads. What happens with the fixed cost base of the company and does it flow back to that which remains and therefore, compress margins. Because youve got to be very sensitive to ensuring that these kinds of actions create value and dont actually end up destroying value. And so thats one of the things we look at. The other thing we look at is we are basically U.S. company and we have tremendous scale and scope within the U.S. And we think that scale and scope works very well for us in terms of our relationship with our customers, the importance of our total portfolio with our customers, and the ability to leverage part of our portfolio to do very strategic things in other parts of our portfolio, whether that leverage the cash flow or just leverage the fact that its  these are important items to shoppers. So we look at all of that stuff. Were open-minded to anything that truly creates value. And thats kind of our philosophy on that. Its always in that way.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. And just a quick follow-up, promotional activity, are you seeing any shift in what retailers are expecting or is that all still very much business as usual at the moment, even though I think its a lot lower than it was before the pandemic?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Thats a hot topic these days. Let me give you kind of our perspectives on that. First, let me say that from our vantage point, the competitive environment remains rational overall, and thats usually a good thing. Second, until supply normalizes further, I just cant see retailers pushing for deals that exacerbate out of stocks. Thats not good for retailers when their shoppers go over the store across the street to get the items that they couldnt find in their stores. And the third, we are not opposed to smart promotions. In fact, were already doing high ROI promotions already, thats kind of in line with our pre-pandemic levels from a frequency basis. At some point, we may be able to add a little bit more. But here, Im talking about surgical  really strategically valuable, high ROI and frankly, often seasonal promotions, often holidays, that are emotionally important to our consumers. And in those instances, we want our brands in those promotions. But through COVID, some of those promotions were cut back on, given obvious supply challenges. Going forward, that will get better and some of those quality opportunities will reemerge. But I think the big point is were not talking about a surge of deep discount promotions here. Thats not been our playbook for at least 7 years now. And I just dont see a lot of room for that.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Thanks guys. Slide 12, the one where you showed the price lag phase being followed by the margin recovery phase. I am wondering, how you think about the shape and the length of this recovery phase. It was five quarters or six quarters long on the lag phase. Do you see it playing out like a similar lines for the recovery phase?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Its interesting, David. In my office up on my whiteboard for the last year, I have got this little handwritten analysis I have done of the earnings power of a cohort of 10 units and how the P&L unfolds when you are faced with multiple waves of price of inflation, which require multiple waves of pricing. And as I have said to Andrew earlier, its very predictable, its very mechanical. Whats been unusual in this cycle is the sheer magnitude of the inflation super cycle and the number of waves. So, the reason  the shape of that curve on that slide, you see it is, because it reflects multiple waves of COGS inflation and the follow-on pricing effects. The sheer number of those waves is now slowing down. And that is why you are seeing the sharp recovery and sometimes it slows down faster than you might expect, which is why the recovery might come in faster. But overall, the mechanics of it are very predictable. If we got hit with another 18 months of five waves, it would kind of  thats the rinse and repeat comment. The cycle starts all over again. I cant find a lot of examples of that happening in history after a super cycle like this. So, I think what you are seeing now is a reflection of good execution on our part and kind of the beginning of the sun-setting of the super cycle. And thats why we say we think we have got some runway from here as the supply chain continues to improve and productivity continues to ramp up. Dave, do you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes, just to build on that. And David, back to something I said earlier, for H2 gross margins, we expect that delta of approximately 300 basis points to hold. So, that  translated to that chart, that just means that, that relationship for the second half will continue, right, where the sales per unit and the price per unit is above the cost because we are  we have already incurred that inflation. Our 3-year inflation number, when you use the 10% estimate for this year, is 33%. So, we have significant inflation thats in our base. We are now catching up to that. So, that drives that margin improvement for the second half.
David Palmer: Yes. And just a follow-up on that, in the  I am looking at the volume numbers in Grocery & Snacks, for example, but those were a little weaker than we would have expected. I wonder just, if you back up a second and say, in prep  what is the big worry that people would think of? Is that perhaps, there would be a need for promotion give back to stabilize volume in your higher price elasticity categories out there. Is there something that you are monitoring that would tell you that perhaps there would be a slamming of a door and a quick end to this recovery phase? Are there things that you are really watching out for? And perhaps  just leading the witness a little bit on the Grocery & Snacks, is that volume concerning to you at all in that area?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Lets talk about it. First, no door slam, okay, so what we are seeing right now is very consistent with what we expect. And it was an excellent quarter. And things are unfolding the way we would expect. With respect to Grocery & Snacks volumes, Grocery & Snacks volumes came in right where they should have come in, given the magnitude of pricing we have taken in the first half of this year. Now, in terms of what you are observing, good eye, the shipment numbers look about 2 points worse than what you might expect given the elasticities that we have talked about. That does not reflect a Q2 phenomenon. That reflects strong shipments in this segment in Q2 a year ago. Why was that, because thats precisely when we came off allocation on a handful of brands in G&S. And our customers, as you can imagine, these are good strong brands, we are quite eager to replenish their inventories. So, thats  when I look at that number, I see about 2 points of what might look like an excess drop on in volumes. Its entirely about the year ago period, nothing about right now. So net-net, what keeps us up at night, its the stuff that we cant predict. Its like a return of some kind of new COVID strain or more unexpected friction and supply chain because you cant get materials from suppliers, things like that. As we have said, we are making good progress in supply chain, but its not perfect yet. We still have more junior people. Our labor situations got significantly better, but we have got newer employees who are still ramping up the learning curve. These are the things that drive the volatility. And its led us to have our year-to-go outlook stay in a range, I would describe as prudent given that we are making progress. But its not all the way back to right. Dave, you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. I would just add. I think David, when you start looking quarter-to-quarter and then at the segment level, because these are shipments and there is timing, you are going to get some dynamics. I would just pivot and say, if you look at our first half, we are shipping at 9%, and consumption is 10%. So, we have always said, we shipped the consumption. Thats whats happening. We feel good about where we are with retailer inventories. We feel good about our own inventories, the elasticities as we showed on the chart are at that sort of 0.5 level and they have been there. And thats the entire portfolio. So, you do get some dynamics quarter-to-quarter, which Sean, described. But generally, we are tracking in line with consumption.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Before we go to the next question, I want to come back to volumes for a second, because this is a really important one for folks to get right as you think about assessing kind of where we are, is it a good guy or a bad guy. To accurately assess volume performance across a cohort of companies, you have to look at total scanned volume change over time for the whole peer set. And as you saw on Slide 8, Conagra ranks number one in our peer group in terms of volume and resiliency over the past 3 years, which is, obviously, a testament to our brand health. And as I have said in my prepared remarks, there is always some elasticity when you price as much as we have cumulatively, but those elasticities have in fact been relatively benign and remarkably consistent and they have been lower than our peers, lower. Thats the data. So  but in any given quarter and in any good segment, frankly, you may see more or less volume impact based on the recency of the pricing actions that you take. And as you know, we took a lot in Q1 and in Q2. But overall, we are in very good shape in the absolute and versus others. And dont forget, over  as we have said many times, over time, these elasticities tend to wane as consumers adapt.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Max Gumport from BNP. Please go ahead with your question.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. I am wondering beyond price elasticities, which can sometimes be a bit of a blunt measurement of the reaction of consumers to price increases, especially given the broad-based nature of pricing across the industry. I am wondering if you have seen any changes in the degree or ways in which consumers are trading down. For instance, from food-away-from-home to food-at-home, from branded to private label or to more value branded products or maybe between grocery categories? So, I am just curious what you are seeing on that front and how you would expect this dynamic to develop from here? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: So, Max, I think its pretty simple. The first big trade down is the trade down from away-from-home to at-home. If you are looking at consumers over $100,000 a year income, you are still seeing they are going out to eat. But below that threshold, its not where it was pre-pandemic. So, one of the reasons  a big one of the reasons why you see muted elasticities across the sector on average is because there has been  there was a trade down into at-home eating during COVID. And that has not fully reverted to away-from-home because the prices away-from-home have gone up so high that its a better value to continue to eat in home as people are trying to stretch their household balance sheet. And we are the beneficiary of that. And it shows up in muted elasticities. When you double-click down from there, within grocery, what you see is there is trade down taking effect. And if you look at private label by category, you can see that in certain categories, they are making progress. Those categories almost, always tend to be categories that are more highly commoditized. So, things like in food, like cooking oil. And outside of food, things like ibuprofen. When a consumer knows its a single ingredient product and one is a lot cheaper than the other, the switching costs are lower. Its easier to make the trade down. So, that is happening. The good news for us is we dont have a lot of those categories. We have had them. We exited them. And now our private label interaction is lower than average in the space. And on a strategically important stuff thats really vital to our go-forward cash flow, things like frozen, our snacks categories, we have got very strong relative market shares, very little private label alternative, and thats one of the reasons we continue to thrive.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much and one follow-up. It looks like you took your CapEx guidance down from $500 million to $425 million. I am just wondering whats driving that change? Thanks very much.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Max, thats all timing. We are still prioritizing investing in capacity and automation in our supply chain, which we have talked about. So, thats all just timing for the fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Just had a follow-up to your last response, in general, it seems like the softer macro backdrop this year creates a favorable environment for your business and for food-at-home consumption. So, as consumers look for savings, can you just talk about how your categories and how frozen dinners have performed in prior recessions? And how are you leaning into this opportunity and highlighting the value to consumers?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Our frozen business has been unbelievably strong. And I dont think you can compare it at all to the 2008 period, the financial crash because the category looked totally different. We started doing a massive overhaul of the frozen section of the grocery store, Conagra did in 2015, starting with frozen single-serve meals. And we completely changed the way those products show up to the consumer in terms of food quality, packaging quality, sustainability, etcetera, etcetera. And since then, we have driven a massive amount of growth for retailers in the frozen single-serve meals category. And Conagra has accounted for somewhere in the neighborhood of 90% of that growth. So, we have almost singlehandedly done it. What we are doing now is keeping the momentum in frozen, in single-serve meals where we have been so successful because there are structural things in place that have only furthered the opportunity there. Things like more people working from home during the week, that obviously contributes to more breakfast and more lunch, vacation at home where these products fit. So, we are capitalizing on that. The other part of our strategy is to continue to  we have got a great suite of brands, continue to extend them into adjacencies like multi-serve meals, appetizers, snacks, desserts, novelties, things like that. There are a lot of zip codes in the frozen space that still have opportunity to be overhauled, the way we have overhauled frozen single-serve meals. And thats a big part of our go-forward strategy. And one of the things thats going to help create value with this portfolio, along with this awesome snacks business that we have got. And we will talk about both of these very strong, attractive portfolios in frozen and snacks in quite some detail at CAGNY.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. And just on the supply chain, it sounds like its getting better, but there is still room for improvement. Can you talk about where you still see supply chain challenges, and where there is room for improvement, where are your service levels today versus targeted, and how much gross margin recovery can those drive on top of the improvement that you saw this quarter?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me  its Sean. Let me tackle that, and Dave, if I miss anything, jump in. But we were absolutely seeing meaningful progress in supply chain. But you got to remember that the industry has continued to see operating challenges, including labor across the end-to-end supply chain has not abated. You are hearing that from me. You are hearing it from my peers. So, it is possible for Conagra to make meaningful progress. But also to see  continue to see pockets of friction. In terms of specifically whether we think productivity is improving, and we are pleased with the progress on our supply chain initiative, service levels, and fill rates have continued to improve over prior year. In the second quarter, our fill rates were over 90% by the end of the quarter. On average, in some categories, frankly, were well above that and more back to normal, which is an awesome sign. Productivity initiatives remain on track. But the point we are making here and one of the reasons for our guidance is, progress isnt necessarily going to be linear. Productivity savings arent fully offsetting input cost increases from commodities volatility, things like labor, transportation costs and other supply chain inefficiencies since the supply chain is not yet fully normalized. We  on labor, we have filled more positions. We are seeing less turnover, but because our labor force, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, is less experienced, its still efficient. But obviously, thats going to improve as these newer employees crash the learning curve. So, thats kind of what we are seeing overall. Dave, do you want to add anything or I hit it?
Dave Marberger: Yes. I would just add to your question about margins. So, if you look at the Q2 bridge that we have in the deck, the operating margin bridge, you see the productivity and other cost of goods sold at plus 1.3% of margin points. And once we get to a more normalized supply chain operation, we would expect that to improve. We are not going to give specific numbers, but thats where you would see it in the margins.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. Sean and Dave, one of the major concerns I hear from investors is that the top line trends are so robust right now, are going to dissipate by the end of the year, because you are going to lap the vast majority of the pricing actions that you have taken. But you did talk about more sequential pricing thats going on right now. So, I guess I would like to know, by the end of the calendar year, and I know its  you cant talk about fiscal 24, but by the end of the calendar year, do you think they will still be in kind of like mid-single digit pricing territory given where pricing is today in fiscal 3Q? And then lastly, maybe you can talk a little bit about the retail reaction to all the price increases. The rhetoric seems to be getting a little more combative on the margin. And I wanted to know if you thought there is any changes in those negotiations. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Alright. Let me try to hit each of those. And Dave, if I miss anything, jump in. With respect to dollar sales and the year-on-year growth, putting up 9%, whatever. Thats not just as a reminder. Thats not our long-term algorithm, right. That is a function of kind of where we are in this inflation super cycle. So, thats not going to be the go-forward run rate on sales forever and that goes without saying. In terms of the pricing that we have taken, we took price in early Q1. We took  thats pretty meaningful. We took price again in early Q2 that was pretty meaningful. And then we are taking price again, I would say, more surgically in January, call it, for Q3. Thats kind of whats been negotiated with our customers. Thats whats in place. There is nothing else beyond that to talk about right now, but pricing, again, isnt window-based, its principal-based. So, if we continue to see waves of inflation, reemerge, then we will do what we have got to do. In terms of retailer reaction, let me give you just a couple of thoughts on this. Number one, with respect to the margins, our margins and the good quarter we just had on margins, I think its really important to remind everybody, we are talking about margin recovery following a period of pretty meaningful margin compression. So, thats kind of point one. And point two is, we have been really clear with our retail partners that, a, all of the pricing we have taken is justified by COGS inflation. And b, margin recovery is as important to them as it is to us, because we need to recover our margins in order to sustain the innovation program that has driven category growth for these retailers in important aisles like frozen, as I mentioned just a minute ago. And then the third point I will make is, with respect to inflation from here, its still with us, right. So, we are calling 10% on the year. Its not deflation. Its sustained inflation. And thats just an important reminder that we are not looking at a deflationary period. So, thats got to factor into the retailer conversations as well. Dave, anything you want to add there?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Rob, I would just say, we are not going to comment on calendar year. But if you just look at  again, it goes back to looking quarter-by-quarter in the prior year, and what our price/mix was by quarter. And as you look at last year, last fiscal 22, each quarter, our pricing ramped up, right. So, H1 last year, our price/mix was roughly 4.5%. H2 of last year, it was about 11%, right. So, as we look at H2 this year, we are wrapping on a much higher price number. So, you could expect that the price/mix component of our H2 to be lower because we are wrapping on an 11% versus 4.5% in the first half. So, thats the way to think about it, but its  thats the same thing happening with inflation as well. Thats why that margin increase  that gross margin increase I talked about earlier, we expect to continue.
Robert Moskow: And given that you have revised down your inflation outlook, is there any discussion about also revising down some of the price increases?
Sean Connolly: No. Because a revised down inflation outlook does not mean costs have dropped to below where they were prior to us taking pricing. In fact, its still a 10% full year outlook lower than that in the back half, but its still inflationary. And by the way, compared to the normal range for the industry of 2% to 3% inflation when you are talking 8%-ish inflation, thats a big inflationary year. So, to the contrary, it leads you to think more about future price increases than it does price rollbacks. In categories, there are true pass-through categories, when you get down to a true category level, we would just not  the category went, but coffee as an example. Coffee is one of those categories. Its a pass-through category. Pricing comes up, you take it up. Pricing comes down, you take it down. It cant be deflationary. We are not experiencing deflation on average by  across the board.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Thank you.
Melissa Napier: So, thank you everyone. We are at time. Thanks again for joining us this morning. And we are looking forward to seeing you all at CAGNY next month.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will conclude todays conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-10-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands First Quarter Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for the Conagra Brands first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. I'm here with Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO, who will discuss our business performance. We'll take your questions when our prepared remarks conclude. On today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and the slides that we'll be reviewing on today's call, both of which can be found in the investor relations section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 23 earnings call. Let's jump right in with what we want you to take away from our presentation shown here on Slide 5. Overall, Conagra delivered strong first quarter results. We had robust net sales growth across our portfolio, mainly due to the impact of our inflation driven pricing actions coupled with ongoing limited elasticities. We continued to gain market share at the total portfolio level, particularly within our strategic frozen and snacks domains and drove solid profit improvement during the quarter. We also saw another strong performance from Ardent Mills, as effective management enabled the joint venture to continue capitalizing on volatility in the wheat markets. Our supply chain productivity continued to improve. However, we experienced some internal and external operational challenges during the quarter like many of our peers. These challenges led to both increased costs and inefficiencies, which more than offset the benefits from improved productivity and impacted our business in the quarter. I'll unpack this later in the presentation. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet improving our leverage ratio during the quarter, while investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders. Finally, our solid start to the year reaffirms our confidence in the fiscal 23 guidance we announced last quarter. With that backdrop, let's dive into the results shown on Slide 6. As you can see, in the quarter, we delivered organic net sales of just over $2.9 billion, representing a 9.7% increase over the year ago period; adjusted operating margin of 13.7%, which is down slightly compared to last year as a result of the supply chain inefficiencies I mentioned a moment ago; and adjusted earnings per share of $0.57, 14% higher than what we generated last year. Slide 7 breaks down our strong sales performance during the quarter. At the total Conagra level, retail sales grew by almost 9% compared to the first quarter of last year and just over 24% compared to three years ago. Our momentum continued as we gain share in the marketplace demonstrating the valuable connection our brands have with consumers. These share gains are most pronounced in our frozen and snacks domains, which increased share 0.8 percentage points and 1.5 percentage points on a one and three year basis respectively. Diving further into our top line performance by retail domain, you can see on Slide 8 that frozen generated a significant acceleration of quarterly sales growth on a one and three year basis of 8% and 27% respectively. Clearly, our focus on catering to consumer preferences for convenience, quality and great taste continue to resonate. Similar to prior quarters, this growth was led by key categories such as plant-based protein and single serve meals which along with breakfast sausages increased sales by double-digits compared to the first quarter of fiscal '22 while gaining market share from our competitors. Our snacks domain also continued to deliver strong sales growth on a one and three year basis shown here on Slide 9. Compared to the first quarter last year, snacks retail sales increased 13%. And as you can see, we have delivered sustained growth versus the period three years ago, including 36% in the most recent quarter. In particular, we saw significant growth in sales of microwave popcorn, which increased more than 20% compared to the prior year. Our highly relevant staples domain also accelerated sales growth increasing 8% compared to the prior year and 15% versus three years ago. This was driven by strong performance in single serve dinners and entrees, with toppings, pickles and canned tomatoes. Slide 11 highlights the relationship between price and volume over time. As I mentioned on last quarter's earnings call, we continue to take strategic pricing actions during the first quarter to help offset ongoing COGS inflation. As you would expect, pricing has driven some volume elasticities both for Conagra and the overall industry. This tends to be most acute in the immediate aftermath of new pricing and wanes over time as consumers adjust. As you can see at the bottom of this slide, our net elasticities have remained nearly flat over the past few quarters. These relatively modest elasticities both compared to historic norms and our peers are a testament to the strength of our brands. As we monitor the impact of our pricing actions on volume, we also look at the relative impact between branded foods and private label. As you can see on Slide 12, private label has increased its dollar share of certain categories on average since 2019, including a jump in share gains at the beginning of this calendar year. However, it's worth noting that those share gains are much more modest in the categories in which we compete. We're confident that the continued investments in our brands as part of the Conagra Way will ensure they continue to resonate with consumers. These important efforts combined with our limited exposure to private label will help us retain the market share we've gained during the pandemic. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to talk about Conagra's supply chain and both the improvements and inefficiencies I referenced earlier. As I said, our supply chain continues to make progress. Pricing actions we implemented in the quarter and over the last year were largely able to offset continued inflation and our service metrics continued to improve in Q1. While we're pleased with what we've accomplished to date, our supply chain is not yet fully normalized. We've continued to see some discrete inefficiencies pop up that resulted in higher costs in Q1. I'll give you two examples to illustrate this. In our Foodservice business, we identified an off-spec finished good issue while producing product for a customer. We disposed of the product and lost manufacturing time during our diagnostic. This pulled sales and gross margin below where they should have been. My second example is in our canned chili and beans businesses, where late in Q1, we found cans that were off spec. No product was recalled. And while production is now backing -- back up and running properly, the lost inventory effect will linger into Q2 impacting volumes and margins. The point is, these types of challenges can result in downtime needed to determine and solve the root cause of the issue as well as proper testing to ramp production back up, that lost time can result in higher costs and less production. Looking ahead, we're not expecting these discrete supply chain interruptions to disappear overnight as the external environment remains dynamic. But despite these transitory disruptions, we are making good progress in the supply chain with core productivity continuing to improve. Accordingly, we remain committed to our operating margin target for the year and to the productivity targets we announced at our Investor Day in July. In summary, we're off to a strong start in fiscal 23, fueled by robust top line growth as a result of inflation driven pricing increases and muted elasticities. Operationally, we continue to make progress in our specific areas of focus. For the balance of the year, we're planning for the operating environment to remain dynamic. While we expect consumer response to our brands to stay strong, we are planning for this quarter's volumes to be impacted by the supply chain disruptions, I just outlined and from our most recent wave of inflation driven pricing introduced to the market in early Q2. However, as I covered earlier, we expect this elasticity to wane over time. And while inflation remains persistent, we are starting to see moderation in certain areas and anticipate relief for commodities as the year unfolds. Overall, we're off to a great start, but one quarter doesn't make a year and we remain focused on delivering for our customers and consumers. We continue to see a clear path to achieving the guidance we issued for fiscal 23 behind the strength of our brands and ongoing productivity initiatives leading us to reaffirm those targets. With that, I'll pass it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by discussing a few highlights from the quarter as shown on Slide 16. Overall, we are pleased with our start to fiscal 23 and remain confident in our ability to achieve our full year guidance targets. We delivered strong organic net sales growth of 9.7% in Q1, reflecting the continued relevancy of our portfolio to consumers. Adjusted gross margin came in at 24.9% in line with expectations. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth was up 7.1% benefiting from higher organic net sales and continued progress on supply chain productivity initiatives, although supply gain operational challenges did impact our business as Sean referenced. The Ardent Mills joint venture continues to operate as an effective inflation hedge as favorable market conditions and effective management drove another strong quarterly performance reflected in the equity earnings line and contributing to adjusted EBITDA growth of 9.1%. Turning to Slide 17. The 9.7% increase in organic net sales was driven by a 14.3% improvement in price mix, a result of continued inflation driven pricing actions. This was partially offset by a 4.6% decrease in volume, primarily due to the elasticity impact from those increases. The small headwind from the impact of foreign exchange was the final contributor to net sales during the quarter. Slide 18 shows the top line performance for each segment in Q1. As mentioned, we are pleased with the robust net sales growth and continued share gains across our entire portfolio, particularly within our domestic retail businesses. Our Grocery and Snacks and Refrigerated and Frozen segments achieved net sales growth of 10.5% and 9.6% respectively. The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange was reflected in the net sales decrease for our International segment. I'd now like to spend some time discussing our Q1 adjusted margin bridge found on Slide 19. We drove a 10.5% benefit from improved price mix during the quarter, reflecting previously communicated pricing actions. We also realized a 1.2% benefit from continued progress on our supply chain productivity initiatives, which is net of operational inefficiencies Sean discussed. These price and productivity benefits were muted by continued inflationary pressure with 15% gross market inflation impacting our operating margins by nearly 11%. Market-based sourcing had a negative margin impact of 1.6%. As commodity prices rose quickly last year, we benefited from locking in contracted costs that were lower than the market and have rolled off this quarter. As a reminder, even when commodity inflation eases, we will not immediately realize a benefit as our costs may remain higher than the spot market due to timing of contracts. This is transitory and a product of a dynamic operating environment. Slide 20 breaks down our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment. We were pleased that higher organic net sales and supply chain productivity drove increased adjusted operating profit growth across three of our four segments in Q1. The strength of our Grocery and Snacks segment stands out on this slide, with adjusted operating margin in the segment increasing by 90 basis points compared to a year ago. Although Refrigerated and Frozen operating margin was down 21 basis points in Q1, this segment's gross margins were better than Q4 gross margins, demonstrating gross margin inflection that we expect to continue year to go. Inflation, supply chain pressures and elevated operating cost headwinds offset higher sales and realized productivity in our Refrigerated and Frozen, Foodservice and International segments. Before unpacking adjusted EPS on Slide 21, I'd like to provide some context on the goodwill and brand impairment charges that impacted our reported numbers. During the quarter, we made the decision to reorganize the reporting structure for certain brands in our Refrigerated and Frozen segment. In connection with these changes and in accordance with GAAP, we conducted an evaluation of goodwill for impairment. Given the increases in the current interest rate environment, which has further increased from the rates we recently used in our standard Q4 impairment testing, a higher discount rate primarily drove the non-cash goodwill and brand impairment charges of $386 million for the quarter in reported SG&A expenses. The charges are not shown on the slide because they do not impact our adjusted numbers, but all reconciliations can be found in the tables at the back of this presentation. Our Q1 adjusted EPS increased $0.07 or 14%. Higher sales and gross profit, Ardent Mill's strong performance and a slight benefit from adjusted taxes were the primary positive contributors to our adjusted EPS performance in the quarter. These positives were offset by higher adjusted SG&A from the comparison to lower incentive compensation in the prior year's first quarter, as well as lower pension and postretirement income and higher interest expense. You can see how we are continuing to strengthen our balance sheet on Slide 22. At the end of the quarter, our net leverage ratio was 3.9 times, down from 4 times at the end of fiscal 22. We expect to end fiscal 23 with a net leverage ratio of roughly 3.7 times. Keep in mind that historically Q2 is a heavier use of cash quarter from a working capital perspective. So we expect progress on our net leverage reduction to be greater in the back half of the fiscal year. CapEx decreased by $30 million year-over-year to $125 million during the quarter, while free cash flow increased $138 million from negative $15 million in Q1 22, partially due to the accelerated receipt of outstanding receivables as we capitalized on certain customer payment terms. We paid $150 million in dividends in Q1 fiscal 23 an increase of $18 million compared to Q1 a year ago, highlighting our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. And we repurchased $50 million worth of shares in the first quarter, in line with our stated objective of offsetting dilution from our share based incentive compensation plans. We will continue to evaluate the highest and best use of capital to optimize shareholder value as we progress through the fiscal year. Once again, we are reaffirming our fiscal 23 guidance across all metrics given our strong quarter and expectations for solid performance for the balance of the year. Before opening up the call for questions, I want to walk through the considerations and assumptions behind our guidance. We continue to expect the inflationary environment to persist, but moderate through calendar year 23, which will result in a low-teens inflation rate for our fiscal year 23 weighted towards the first half of the fiscal year. We also expect previously communicated pricing actions in light of these costs to become effective early in the second quarter, likely causing volume to decline. We recently communicated some additional pricing that will be effective in Q3. However, the magnitude will be smaller and more targeted than previous pricing actions. As always, we will continue to monitor inflation levels and price as needed to manage future volatility. We expect CapEx spend of approximately $500 million in fiscal '23 as we make investments to support our growth and productivity priorities, with a focus on capacity expansion and automation. Finally, we anticipate interest expense to be roughly $410 million and pension and postretirement income to be approximately $25 million for the year, driven by the higher interest rate environment. Our full year tax rate estimate is approximately 24%. To reiterate, we are pleased with our strong start to the year and remain confident in our outlook for fiscal 23. Our ability to deliver solid results amidst such a dynamic environment is a testament to the hard work and skills of our team, the strength of our brands and our execution of the Conagra Way playbook. Thank you for listening. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. I'll now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much. Good morning, everybody.
Sean Connolly: Hey, Andrew.
Dave Marberger: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. I've got two questions. I guess first off, have you seen any change in sort of volume trends elasticity or retailer reaction since the new pricing has come into play in 2Q or since announcing the more targeted pricing for 3Q? And again, are you just sort of being, I guess, more prudent in the way you're forecasting your sort of volume and elasticity going forward? Just trying to get a sense if anything has changed that you see that we don't see like let's say in the data yet?
Sean Connolly: Sure. Andrew, here's how I think about elasticities, do we had this materials and they are benign and they are stable. And we kind of shared this concept of stable net elasticities. And the way to think about that is, that is basically the combination of waning earlier pricing elasticities being offset by elasticities associated with more recent pricing, but the net effect is flat and benign elasticities this far into an inflation and pricing cycle, I view that as very, very positive news. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, our elasticities have consistently been better. And by that, I mean, more benign than our peers and that reflects the strength of our brands and the important work we've done to modernize our portfolio. Now as you look ahead and this may be nuanced, but it's an important nuance, at this point, given how stable our elasticities have been, I expect continued strong elasticity coefficient, but we are pricing more of the portfolio. So those coefficients apply to a larger volume based which is why we've planned for some incremental volume weakness. It's not that the elasticity coefficient has changed it's that that benign elasticity is now being applied to a broader piece of the portfolio. So that's why as you look at in the industry, as you look at competitors that have pricing and dollar sales that go from plus 7% to plus 14% to plus 20% you're going to see volumes move directionally along with that. But what you've seen in our company and more broadly is that the volume effect is quite modest compared to anything that we've seen historically. And I think most important, it's been very stable from an elasticity coefficient standpoint.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Very helpful color. And then, I guess, I want to go a little bit deeper on gross margin. It's improved sequentially, I think, for the past sort of five quarters. I think you had previously said that fiscal 1Q was really the quarter where Conagra would see the largest sort of mismatch, right, between pricing and cost of the year in 23. So I guess, could we see gross margins start to expand year-over-year starting in fiscal 2Q, as the Street still has lower gross margins year-over-year? And I guess if not, why would that be? I understand some of the operational issues, but you had some of those in 1Q, but margins still came in better than the Street was looking for. So any color on that I think would be helpful because again we're trying to get a read on for you and the industry sort of the timing around the potential for actual margin recovery as opposed to just covering the sort of the dollar cost, if you will?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me tell you how I think about kind of margins overall, then Dave getting a little bit more of the detail here. But margins are heading in the right direction and we expect that to continue. But it's not necessarily a straight line because obviously the external environment remains dynamic. If you think about last quarter, we saw year-on-year margin expansion in Grocery and Snacks and Foodservice. This quarter, we gave a little of that back in Foodservice due to the transitory operational issue I discussed a few minutes ago, but we made good progress in Frozen and Refrigerated. And plus core productivity is in a good place. So you take all of that and couple it with strong brands, broad-based pricing and benign and stable elasticities that I just mentioned. And overall, I'd say it bodes well. Dave, do you want to build on that?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Sure. So, Andrew, we don't give specific quarterly guidance, but we do expect sequential improvement in gross margin and operating margins moving forward based on the assumptions we have now. We expect the highest percentage of inflation for the fiscal year in the Q1 we just delivered. So we expect the percentage will moderate moving forward. We're seeing the full magnitude of pricing from fiscal 22 in the quarter, but we also took pricing during Q1 and we've taken additional pricing at the beginning of Q2. So we will see the full impact of that starting in Q2. And we also expect to see some gradual improvement in our net productivity as the supply chain and service levels continue to normalize. So all those things give us confidence that we'll improve our margin sequentially moving forward.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. You reiterated your outlook for low-teens COGS inflation this year. I don't think it was expected that youd alter this outlook. But, Sean, you said you're seeing some maybe initial relief in some areas and we can surely see that chicken and pork prices have dropped and those are two areas that were -- maybe troublesome for you in the past. So I guess I'm curious as we think about some of the COGS tailwinds, are there any other key drivers that have become more difficult, I guess, recently that would offset that. I guess I'm asking in a nutshell, are you more optimistic or pessimistic about cost inflation in general for the year than you were a quarter ago? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Ken, I'll make a brief comment and turn it over to Dave. We're seeing some green shoots obviously in some commodities and I think that does bode well. We are obviously much longer into an inflation cycle than anybody hoped we would be. This thing is persisted longer than ever. But I do see positive things shaping up. But as you can imagine, when you contract in some of these commodities, those contracts don't necessarily drop off. At the very minute, you start seeing positive news on the forward curve. So that negative sourcing factor is -- it's just a reality of being at the end of one of these cycles. And the good news is, I feel good about how our purchasing team has managed this because when you're coming to the end of an inflation cycle, you don't want to be overly long, right? And I think the team has done a very good job of that. Dave, do you want to add any more color?
Dave Marberger: Yeah, for sure. So regarding inflation, Ken, Q1 came in largely in line with the art market estimate that we had, which that's the first time that's happened in several quarters, right? The market has just continued to be very volatile. So we like to believe that that's a proxy for a little bit less volatility moving forward. The inflation estimate for the full year is still low teens. So that's a double-digit number off of two years of very high inflation. So it's not like we're in a deflationary environment. But we feel like that we use our market indicators, we feel like that we've adequately estimated and planned and built some conservatism into our forecast for this. So, listen, the last year and a half has told us that things can change very quickly. But based on Q1 coming in where we thought based on our forecast, based on procurement that Sean just talked about with a very strong team. As we sit here today, we feel good about our estimates and how it will affect each quarter going forward.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then a quick follow-up. One of the -- I'm sure you hear this all the time, the more bearish cases on the industry is that your customers, as their consumers start weakening and maybe as vendor gross margins start to improve, but some of those retailers will start to demand a bit more from you and your peers, whether in the form of higher promotions or in store advertising. So we really haven't seen an indication of this taking place and I think your tone today would suggest you're not either, but I'm just curious if you're seeing or hearing any talk in the industry or any talk in your categories about your competitors getting more aggressive on price and promotion or your customers kind of pushing back a little bit as these list prices continue to rise. It doesn't seem like we're seeing it in the data, but as Andrew said before, sometimes the data don't tell the whole story. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, I think the two most common words I've heard from customers in the last year plus is supply surety. That is the priority. Making sure that we can continue to get our service levels moving in the right direction so that they've got the products in stock. They don't want to go through out of stock. Especially now as we're about to enter the holidays, that's a particularly sensitive period. So if you think about it with the supply chain not yet fully normalized across the industry, I think the last thing anybody wants to do right now is drove fuel on the fire and exacerbate inventory issues out of stock issues, things like that. So I think the environment remains pretty rational right now and I have no reason to believe that's not going to continue for the foreseeable future.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Jason English: You mentioned service levels still subdued. Can you give us an update on where they stand and how that compares to where you were maybe last quarter?
Sean Connolly: Actually, Jason, service levels have improved pretty dramatically. It's quite positive. So moving in the right direction, getting north -- during the peak of COVID, you saw service levels in CPG even broader and food drop into some companies were down in 50s. And recently, you've seen companies back up over 90%. So that's -- it's category specific. So you can't kind of assume that, that's everywhere. We still have certain categories where our demand is just so strong. We'd like to be cranking out more volume and selling more like Slim Jim. But I'd say here's how to think about supply chain overall. There is clear progress happening in supply chain. It's at Conagra. It's across the industry, and it's improving. Service levels have materially improved, as I just said. Core productivity is tracking well. Clear progress. Is it flawless? No, it's not flawless, as you heard. Some things keep popping up, as we outlined. So the external environment remains dynamic, and that's why we think it's prudent. And you heard some of our comments on commentary on Q2, we just want to take a prudent stance forward looking to say, look, we are going to be taking some more pricing. That's broader on the portfolio. That'll have some even modest impact tied to it. And we've got -- we're going to assume that the supply chain dynamism continues for a bit longer. We just think that's the right way to handle it this close into the year. But overall, service levels, to your point, are making real progress.
Jason English: And Sean, as you continue to improve, would you expect promotional activity to improve with it?
Sean Connolly: I think we're quite a ways from that. And to the degree it does, Jason, a couple of things to keep in mind about our company. If you look at our volume base, and you say what percentage of the total volume is promoted, it's one of the lowest levels of promotion in the industry. And as you know, that has been a deliberate part of our playbook, but we're not opposed to promotion. We do some promotion, and we do it on certain brands, and we do at certain times of the year because it drives incremental volume. A good example of that is the work we do around holidays and promotion because it's kind of binary. If you're not on promotion on holidays, you're going to miss some sales, and we'll take those sales because that's pure ROIC. So we're very -- we've become very focused on very selective pursuit of promotion and a high ROI focus on promotion and we're probably at record lows right now. At some point, that'll come up modestly, but I'm not anticipating any kind of material change.
Jason English: Understood. Makes sense. Thanks for your time. Ill pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So two quick ones for me. The first one and it is maybe just getting back to the issues that, Sean, you called out with -- in Foodservice and in the can, chili and beans. Just can -- and maybe, Dave, you can do this, just can you give us some sense of just the magnitude, how much it impacted volume or revenue and the impact on margins? Just trying to tease out how much better things would have been if you didn't have these issues.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Bryan. Why don't I take that? So if you see in our margin bridge that we had in the deck that the realized productivity in other COGS was plus 1.2%. So clearly, those two issues impacted that. I'm not going to give a specific amount, but our core productivity that's in that number -- as you know, we shoot for about 3% of cost of goods sold, which equates to, when you look at margin, about 2.2%. So 2.2% margin improvement would be what our core productivity is, and we came in at 1.2%. So that's about 1 percentage point of impact. Now that wasn't just the things Sean talked about. We also had some other things and absorption and different things that hit. But Sean just gave you a couple of examples that are in all of the things that gave us a headwind against that kind of core productivity number. So we're pleased about core productivity in the plants. We're making great progress. It's just some of these isolated things that we look at as transitory are kind of headwinds to that number.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. And Bryan, we know the markets you guys are looking for to say, are we making progress here and obviously, an important one for all of us is our margins. And last quarter, as I mentioned, we had filed a collection procedure (ph) a year ago on two of the four segments. At that time, we said we expect the other two segments to inflect positive. As we move through this year, we, of course, still do, but we gave up a little bit of ground in Foodservice in the quarter. And while -- it's one of the reasons we wanted to put a little color on some of these examples is Foodservice is not a big piece of the portfolio, but this issue in Foodservice that popped up impacted Foodservice. So it's why you see some of the directional volatility. There are specific root causes behind it that you don't anticipate in advance that we want to pop up, and we don't want that to be read as there's something more systemic happening in Foodservice, and we gave up ground for some broader reasons. That's not the case. It's tied to the -- in that segment the instance that we described in the prepared remarks.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just one other follow-up is just given the recent Hurricane Ian in Florida and the impact there, anything that we should be thinking about with regard to, I guess, this quarter, either pull forward of sales or any impact on operations? Just anything we should be thinking about there?
Sean Connolly: Bryan, I don't think so. That's a really tough one to call because obviously, some people, unfortunately, are not in a position where they can shop right now or their stores might be closed. And so you can argue that there might be miss sales because of that. By the same token, maybe their pantry inventories were obliterated and have to be replenished in the future. So it's just too early to know exactly what that looks like. And in the scheme of the whole national business, I don't anticipate that, that would be a material disruption one way or another. Dave, do you want to add?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. And just the last part of that, there was no material impact on our operations as a result of the hurricane.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. Actually, a few small ones. Was there any benefit from reloading inventory in the quarter? I think you mentioned it as a headwind inventory de-loading and forth, so I want to know about that. Also, I took a peek at 2Q last year. It looks like there was a pretty sizable hedging benefit, maybe 200 basis points in 2Q last year. Do you think that will be a 200 basis point headwind this year as a result of the duration of hedges?
Dave Marberger: Why don't I start? Sean, you can jump in, add any color. On your first question, Rob, we continue to ship in line with consumption. So if you -- look, in Q1, we shipped a bit ahead of consumption, but when you look at the percentages, but if you look at Q1 a year ago, we shipped a little bit below. So when we look at our days of supply numbers with retailers and the retailer inventories, we are in line with where we've been in prior year and where we expect to be. So we don't see any significant kind of issue with retailer inventories right now. We're right where we want to be, and we're basically shipping to consumption. So there's no kind of loading or deloading dynamic right there. In terms of your second question, yeah, we -- as you saw in the first quarter results, we did have negative sourcing, right, because we come off favorable contracts. So that will continue to happen. That's all baked in our estimates that we give, right? So we estimate market inflation and kind of where we were locked in, when those contracts or hedges come off. So that's all part of the forecast that we gave. So I'm not going to give a very specific number that you asked. But generally, that's how we forecast and plan it for the full year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Just a quick follow-up maybe for Sean. I think the plan is to increase A&P spending this year, but it was flat in the first quarter. Is anything getting shifted into the next three quarters?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me start that, Rob, and then I'll flip it over to Dave here. I think the intent behind the question is, are we -- do we have a good plan in place to support our brand-building activities? And the answer to that question is clearly, yes. Just look at our results with dollar sales over the past 52 weeks versus three years ago, I think we're up over 19%, while volumes over that same period are roughly flat despite quite a bit of pricing. So the brand support that we've got out there is strong. And for those of you who are listening who did not watch our Investor Day presentation, I would direct you to the presentation from Darren Serrao on how we think about brand building broadly because A&P is a piece of it, but it's only a piece of it. And I think that was very instructive. With respect to where we sit on the year on A&P, Dave, you want to kind of describe how it's unfolded in Q1 and how it unfold from here?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Sure. So we had given guidance that we expect A&P will grow above our organic net sales for the full year. So this is a timing thing. We expect A&P will ramp up year to go. If you just look at where we came in at Q4, if you look at A&P in Q1 versus Q4, we're up $16 million or over 30% just on a kind of sequential basis. So we expect A&P to ramp up year to go.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Cody Ross from UBS. Please go ahead.
Cody Ross: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. I just want to go back to your pricing actions that you noted to be effective in 3Q. Can you just describe how much is it, what parts of your portfolio it is in and then how much is locked in at this point?
Sean Connolly: Hey, Cody. It's Sean. We're not going to get into details on the specific ZIP codes of the pricing for, obviously, for competitive reasons, but these are very surgical pricing actions on parts of the portfolio. It's not a broad-based action across the whole portfolio. And so again, we've got meaningful pricing happening now in Q2 and then more surgical actions later. And we don't know what's going to unfold after that. If we need to, we'll take additional action, but that is the plan right now. The good news, as I pointed out earlier, is that the elasticity coefficients just haven't budged. I mean they are flat as a pancake, as I showed you in the presentation. And they're low overall. And that's encouraging given how many waves of pricing have already been experienced in the marketplace. That is -- those coefficients are a reflection of the consumer response to our brands. And the pricing -- and we're not seeing a move in sentiment. What you're seeing in the volume delta, again, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, is that the pricing is hitting more of the portfolio. And therefore, it will have some benign impact associated with it. But until the previous pricing elasticity wanes, it'll build. That's how this whole pricing and elasticity dynamic goes. It'll ebb and then it'll flow. And the fact that they're stable -- net elasticity coefficients are stable overall and benign, I think, is a very positive sign.
Cody Ross: Thank you for that. And then just one quick question on SG&A. SG&A ex-A&P was up 10% or so. It looks like incentive comp drove about 8% of that. Is that correct? I mean how should we think about SG&A and incentive comp for the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Cody. Let me take that. So yeah, as we said at the beginning of the year with our guidance, we expect our SG&A to increase at a greater rate than our sales. So we were very clear on that. So yes, incentive compensation for fiscal '23 will be up versus fiscal '22. Now there was a component of timing for incentive comp that was in Q1. So that's part -- we were up 10.5% of just pure adjusted SG&A in Q1. Some of that is timing of incentive comp, and some of that is just absolute increase. But we were very clear that we expect SG&A to be up greater than our sales growth for the full fiscal year '23.
Cody Ross: Great. Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Good morning. A set of question for you, if I could, first on the pricing. You have some more price increases in 2Q and sounds like some smaller targeted increases in 3Q. Will it be at that point in time that your pricing will fully offset your inflation? Could that happen sooner based on, like, the wraparound effect of pricing? I just want to get a sense of how your -- how that's going to happen sequentially through the year.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Let me take that. So, our -- we've been very clear that our principle around pricing is, it's inflation justified. So when we go and we put a price increase on the table, it's all grounded in the inflation that we're realizing and we've been very clear there's been a lag. So all these price increases, what we took in Q1, what we've taken at the beginning of Q2 and then the smaller more tactical increases that we've communicated for Q3 are all tied to that inflation. So yes, once -- at this point in time, given the inflation that we've recognized and estimate, we have offset that cumulatively. And the consumption numbers that I find really support that is, if you go back and look at volume and total dollar consumption for 52 weeks now versus three years ago, our dollar consumption is close to plus 20%, and our volumes are pretty much flat. So that shows you that, that's the kind of pricing that we're seeing in market and that ties to the cost inflation that we're seeing. So the consumption data supports that overall catch-up.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. I had one other question on some of those supply chain challenges -- operational challenges. It's happening, obviously, across the industry. I think what most companies have seen, though is -- and again, this could be different for you, but less of those this year than last year. Certainly, there's unique factors that can happen. I just want to get a sense of is the -- like, the challenges you called out this year, are those more than they were last year? And then, I guess, to get a sense of if you look at your gross margin today, like what are those operational challenges still? How much of those are really weighing on the gross margin today? Like, what could you get out over time as supply chain operations normalize?
Sean Connolly: Chris, it's Sean. I'll comment on the first piece, and I'll let Dave comment on kind of the impact of it. But this is one of these things where I think people in my seat are really -- they want to be careful not to jinx themselves because the thing about some of these whack-a-mole disruptions is that they're not foreseen in many cases, they pop up. So you go through these periods where the frequency appears to diminish, and it feels like, hey, this could be good, but then you'll have something pop up again. That's the nature of kind of this kind of friction that we see. So I being very deliberate in saying, I don't think these things are going to go away overnight. From a planning posture standpoint, our view is let's just assume that they'll continue to pop up. But yeah, you're absolutely correct, we watch very carefully to say, do we see these things kind of diminishing in frequency? And we don't want to jinx ourselves there and get out of our skis, but that's obviously what we're hoping for. Dave, do you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Sean. So Chris, let me -- again, it's sort of a little bit what I said to Bryan's question. But if you look at our margin bridge, I think that's a good place to kind of start. So if you look, our realized productivity and other COGS for Q1 was plus 1.2%. If you just go back and say, okay, our target for realized productivity is 3% of cost of goods sold, right, that basically equates to 2.2% margin improvement, right? We -- because our targets are a percentage of COGS, which, when converted to margin, is 2.2%. We delivered 1.2%. So we are 100 basis points off of all of that realized productivity dropping to the bottom line. Now there are other investments in things that we make in a normal kind of course, but the examples of the things that Sean talked about are in that 100 basis points of headwind. So as we move forward, we do expect that, that will improve as we move forward and get more normalized. So that's how to think about it.
Chris Growe: Okay. I should appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So Sean, I was hoping you can -- I mean I appreciate the fact that you guys have been able to get the pricing through. But when I look at some of the household (ph) penetration metrics, even going back to pre-COVID, it looks like some of your bigger brands are actually below those levels. So I was hoping you could just give us some context on how you're thinking about that, in terms of rebuilding house of penetration, especially in this inflationary environment. And then do you worry that the price gaps have narrowed between, let's call it, some of the frozen prepared meals and QSR because we've seen inflation obviously go higher in the off-premise than the on-premise.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Nik. First of all, on the second one, absolutely not. I don't worry about that. The relative pricing between away-from-home eating options and at-home eating options remain strongly in favor of at-home eating options. And we haven't even declared we're in a recession yet. So that's one of the reasons you clearly are seeing benign elasticities and stable elasticities, quite frankly. Multiple waves of pricing into this cycle is that the calculus of the consumer is such that they're saying, hey, it's a far better value proposition to eat at-home than it is to eat out of home. And then within some of our categories, there's just -- there is really no trade down option as you look about frozen single serve meals as an example. We span the good, better, best continuum there with the value options, the mainstream options and the premium options. So the business remains very strong. With respect to household penetration, I did see your research the other day, Nik, on household penetration. And what I would say to you is you've got to be very careful when you look at household penetration not to lose the impact of seasonality. Household penetration varies pretty materially by company, by category, by seasonality. So you have to make sure you're looking at apples-to-apples. Overall, what you should expect in a super cycle of pricing like we've seen right now is that there will be modest short-term impacts on household penetration as consumers defer purchases. And that's kind of -- you see it really show up in the shopping data when people -- their big trips become smaller trips, and they postpone purchases, and their buying rate will drop a bit. So nothing really, I would say, noteworthy about household penetration, certainly nothing concerning at all that we're seeing at this point.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks for that perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I just wanted to follow up on your pricing -- the additional pricing that you're taking in the coming quarters. Just to clarify if that was embedded in your initial guidance at the beginning of the year. And how has the composition of your outlook for org sales changed for this year relative to last quarter? So do you still expect low teens price mix or will it be higher now? And are you expecting softer volumes relative to your initial expectations?
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Pam. Just with respect to the pricing we're taking, you don't price until you clearly see the inflation wave materialize. It's got to be inflation justified pricing with customers. So what we're doing in the back half of the year was not locked and loaded at the beginning of the year when we gave guidance, right? But there are also positive things that have broken our way in the first quarter as well. So these -- and that'll, by the way, that'll continue. If we continue to see new waves of inflation come in, we'll take additional pricing, and then we'll give you guys the dates, and you have to bake in the lag, et cetera., et cetera. So that dynamic would continue. Dave, do you want to...
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Just to build on that. So the Q1 and Q2 was in our guidance and in our forecast Q3 no.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then just in terms of your guidance, Q1 results were ahead of consensus expectations, but curious if they were in line with your forecast and wondering why you maintained your full year guidance despite the upside in the quarter.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Pam. Clearly, Q1 was a strong quarter, and that's good news, but it's still early. The environment remains dynamic and we just prefer to get a bit further into the year before we make any new declarations about how we expect to finish the year.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Carla Casella from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Carla Casella: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. It looks like your leverage will still be kind of in the three -- high 3s range at year-end. I'm wondering if, on the M&A front, if you would look to wait until you get your leverage down to your target range or if the right acquisition comes up, if you would temporarily take your leverage higher and kind of how your thoughts are around M&A or if you have asset sales to offset something if you do find something that's appropriate.
Sean Connolly: Sure. This is Sean. I'll take the question. We've been, as everybody knows, very intensely focused on reducing our debt, deleveraging on schedule and we will continue to be focused on that, and I'm very confident in the commitments we've made. With respect to M&A, we don't have anything in our sights to give you right now, but -- and certainly, we're not in the mode rep right now where we're looking at anything bigger. We're focused on deleveraging, as I mentioned. But we always keep our eye on smaller bolt-on things because they could be beneficial to our business going forward. And there's also a defensive aspect to why we do that. We want to make sure that interesting assets out there that are always -- that could be helpful to our business don't end up in somebody else's hands. So we're always looking and -- but we're -- at the same time, we're intensely focused on deleveraging. That's how I would describe it.
Carla Casella: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. And have you said the time frame in terms of getting to your 3 times your target -- you give a target time frame for that?
Dave Marberger: No, we didn't give a specific -- it's a long-term target. We did say in the prepared remarks that we estimate leverage will be at approximately 3.7 times by the end of the fiscal year.
Carla Casella: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Melissa Napier for any closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: Thank you very much to everyone for joining us this morning. Investor Relations is around if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-07-14 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2020 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Napier, Head of Investor Relations for Conagra Brands. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Good morning. This is Melissa Napier, Head of Investor Relations for Conagra Brands. I'm here with Sean Connolly, our CEO; and Dave Marberger, our CFO. Today, Sean and Dave will discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 results and provide some perspective on fiscal 2023. We'll take your questions when our prepared remarks conclude.  On today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. And while we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of our risk factors are included in the documents we file with the SEC. We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP and adjusted numbers refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and the slides that we'll be reviewing on today's call, both of which can be found in the investor relations section of our website.  I'll now turn the call over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Melissa. It's great to be working with you again. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal '22 earnings call.  I'll start with what we would like you to take away from the call this morning. Throughout fiscal '22, our team took decisive actions to offset inflation and invest in our business. We faced heightened costs throughout the year, but inflationary pressures were especially high in the fourth quarter. As a result, we implemented additional inflation justified pricing actions to help offset the impact. We continued to make deliberate strategic investments in our business to better serve our customers and meet the strong consumer demand for our products.  Physical availability is an important part of maintaining and building trust and loyalty. I'm pleased that our brands continue to resonate with consumers demonstrated by broad-based share gains within the portfolio, particularly within our most strategic domains of frozen and snacks. We are continuing to drive growth, gain share in attractive categories, and we remain disciplined in executing the Conagra Way to create lasting connections with consumers.  As we've communicated throughout the year, the external factors I touched on a moment ago, as well as investments we made to maximize service and product availability in the face of supply constraints, all contributed to increased margin pressure. We continue to pull levers to manage these factors and we were pleased to see margin improvement materialize in the fourth quarter in Grocery & Snacks as well as Foodservice. This represents an important inflection point that we expect will extend to our Refrigerated & Frozen and our international businesses within fiscal '23.  I also want to highlight the strong fourth quarter performance of our joint venture, Ardent Mills, which effectively managed through recent volatility in the wheat markets and continued to prove an effective hedge against inflation.  Looking ahead to fiscal '23, we expect to see continued strength in our sales driven by strong innovation, the impact of pricing actions and progress in the supply chain to help offset continued inflation and elasticity. While we expect elasticity to increase incrementally from fiscal '22 levels as more inflation justified pricing comes to market, we believe they will remain below historical levels. These expectations are reflected in the fiscal '23 guidance we're providing today.  With this expected macroeconomic backdrop, we are lowering our long-term leverage target which Dave will discuss later. As you know, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet and keeping our investment-grade credit rating remain important to us.  With that overview, let's take a look at the results. While we had planned for high inflation, it was higher than we anticipated. Slide 7 shows our cost of goods increased 16% in fiscal '22, far higher than the 9% we anticipated at the time of our fiscal '21 fourth quarter call a year ago. Inflation was particularly acute during the fiscal '22 fourth quarter when our cost of goods sold were 17% higher than a year ago period and 24% higher on a two year basis.  The elevated levels of inflation we experienced in fiscal '22, particularly in the fourth quarter, required decisive actions in response. A critical part of that response included the inflation justified pricing we implemented throughout fiscal '22. On Slide 8, you can see the change in on-shelf pricing by quarter. On-shelf prices for our brands rose across all three domestic retail domains compared to the same period a year ago and also increased in Q4 as we experienced additional inflationary pressures. We closely monitor the impact of these pricing actions on volumes. We've been pleased that price elasticity has remained below historical levels. Slide 9 demonstrates that unit sales have stayed largely consistent on a three year basis even as the on-shelf prices for our brands have increased. Even in Q4, as more significant inflation justified pricing took effect, the increase in elasticity was relatively modest and below historical norms. As we monitor the impact of our pricing actions on volume, we look at the relative impact between branded foods and private label. While private label is gaining some share more broadly in food, we have not seen notable migration toward private label in the heavily branded categories in which we compete.  The superior relative value of our products continues to resonate with our customers and our consumers and the resiliency of our portfolio means we are well-positioned to take additional action in fiscal '23 if we continue to experience incremental inflation. As a result of our decisive actions, we're beginning to see the expected recovery in our margin performance.  As I mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter represented an important inflection point as we saw margin improvements materialize in Grocery & Snacks and Foodservice, which helped drive fourth quarter operating margin improvement for the total company. As I already noted, we expect our Refrigerated & Frozen and International segments to deliver operating margin improvement as fiscal '23 progresses.  As you can see on Slide 11, our team delivered solid Q4 results in the face of a highly dynamic and challenging operating environment. Compared to the fourth quarter of '21, organic net sales for the fourth quarter increased at just under 7%, with growth in all four segments. And importantly, adjusted operating margin increased approximately 100 basis points and adjusted EPS was up over 20%.  I'd like to briefly detail our performance across our three retail domains, starting with our Frozen business on Slide 12. Frozen continues to be one of the strongest businesses in our portfolio and offers modern attributes, convenience and quality to make it the perfect fit for today's consumer. In Q4, we continued to deliver strong growth on both a one year and three year basis. And within this consumer domain, we've seen growth across key categories, highlighted by more than double-digit year-over-year growth in both plant-based protein and single-serve meals. Now let's talk about snacks. As shown on Slide 13, we've seen a meaningful acceleration in retail sales growth in our snacks business over the last three years. In the fourth quarter, our snacks business grew 11% year-over-year. That equates to 34% growth over the same period in 2019. In this domain, we've driven growth in key categories, including meat snacks, hot cocoa, microwave popcorn and salty snacks.  Our retail sales of ingredients and enhancers and shelf-stable meals and sides have also been growing meaningfully over a three year period, and that trend continued in the fourth quarter. As you can see on Slide 14, this business grew 5% year-over-year and 10% on a three year basis. In particular, we saw a large increase in the retail sales for syrup, which was up nearly 20% in Q4 on a two year basis. As we execute our Conagra Way playbook, innovation has remained a key to our success across the portfolio. Slide 15 shows the impact of our disciplined approach to delivering new products and a modernized portfolio. During the fourth quarter, our innovation outperformed the strong results we delivered in the year ago period. And once again, our innovation rose to the top of the pack in several key categories, including with toppings, single-serve meals and plant-based protein. Looking at Slide 16, you can see that we continue to grow sales on both a one and three year basis. Total Conagra retail sales were up 15.8% on a three year basis for the year. We also continue to gain share in the important Frozen and Snacks categories with our category-weighted share growth up both on a one year and three year basis. With that context, for fiscal '22, let's turn to our outlook for fiscal '23. We expect our strong brands, on-trend innovation, effective pricing and strengthened supply chain to drive top line growth and margin improvement. Continued inflationary pressure in fiscal '23 is expected to result in incremental increases in elasticity, which overall, we anticipate will continue to remain below historical levels. Our outlook also reflects our expectation that we will have higher CapEx and interest expense in fiscal '23, lower pension income and that the elevated performance from Ardent Mills in fiscal '22 will moderate.  We look forward to sharing more details about our expectations for the year at our upcoming Investor Day. In 2023, we expect organic net sales growth of 4% to 5%, adjusted operating margin of approximately 15%, adjusted EPS growth of 1% to 5%.  Before I turn the call over to Dave, I'll remind you that my team and I are looking forward to hosting an Investor Day on July 27 to discuss our plans for the future. In response to feedback, we've decided to hold our event in a virtual-only format to best accommodate our investors and analysts. Registration, dial-in and Q&A details for the virtual event are available on our website.  Dave, over to you.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some highlights from the quarter and full year, which are shown on Slide 22. Overall, we feel very good about how we are exiting fiscal '22, and the way we navigated the dynamic operating environment that impacted our entire industry throughout the year. During fiscal '22, we delivered strong top line growth with full year organic net sales up 3.8% compared to fiscal '21, reflecting the continued relevancy of our portfolio to consumers.  While higher-than-expected cost of goods sold inflation weighed on our adjusted operating margins throughout the year. We were encouraged to see Q4 operating margins improve versus year ago. Overall, our full fiscal year '22 adjusted operating margins decreased by 312 basis points versus last year to 14.4%, which was in line with the revised expectations we provided during our third quarter call. Fiscal '22 adjusted EPS of $2.36 was also in line with our revised expectations.  Turning to Slide 23, you can see our net sales bridge for the quarter and full year. During the fourth quarter, the 6.8% increase in organic net sales was driven by a 13.2% improvement in price/mix as a result of continued inflation justified pricing actions as well as favorable brand mix. This was partially offset by a 6.4% decrease in volume. The headwinds from the divestiture of our Egg Beaters business and the impact of foreign exchange were the final contributors towards the 6.2% increase in total Conagra Brands net sales during the fourth quarter. The bottom half of the slide highlights the drivers of our net sales growth for full year fiscal '22 versus the prior year. The highlight here is the 3.8% organic net sales growth that I just mentioned, which showcases the underlying health of the business and our ability to execute inflation justified pricing actions.  This point is reinforced on Slide 24, which shows the top line performance of each of our segments. As Sean mentioned, we are pleased that net sales continued to grow across the portfolio for both the quarter and full year when compared to the respective year-ago periods. We also continued to see market share gains, reflecting the strength of our brands. The sales momentum of the business is strong as we exit fiscal '22.  We detail our adjusted operating margin bridge on Slide 25. In aggregate, our adjusted operating margin was 15% for the fourth quarter, approximately 100 basis points above the year ago period. As you can see, we realized a 9% benefit from favorable price/mix and a 1.8% benefit from net productivity in our supply chain. Although our productivity in the quarter was below historic levels, given continued supply chain challenges, the rate was up compared to Q3 and we are seeing steady improvement in our supply chain operations as we exit fiscal year '22.  The price and productivity benefits were more than offset by gross market inflation of 17.3%, which impacted our operating margins by more than 12%. I will unpack the inflation impacts in more detail shortly. Together, these factors contributed to the 147 basis point decrease in our adjusted gross margin for the quarter compared to the year ago period.  Advertising and promotion costs for the quarter decreased 38.7% driven primarily by lapping the significant increases in A&P during Q4 last year. This decrease contributed 1.1% to overall adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A costs also declined during the quarter driven by decreased incentives and deferred compensation, contributing an additional 1.3% benefit. Slide 26 breaks down our adjusted operating margins by segment. We were encouraged to see both our adjusted gross margins and adjusted operating margins in our Grocery & Snacks and Foodservice segments hit inflection points during the fourth quarter and begin to improve compared to last year. The recovery in these segments drove the 13.5% year-over-year improvement in adjusted operating profit during the fourth quarter. Our Refrigerated & Frozen segment was most impacted by higher-than-anticipated input cost inflation in Q4, particularly in proteins and edible oils. The above forecast inflation in refrigerated and frozen has pushed forward the lag until additional inflation justified pricing is reflected in market. As we have mentioned previously, we believe our Refrigerated & Frozen segment and our Frozen portfolio, in particular, is well positioned for further success. Our International segment was also impacted by higher-than-anticipated inflation and some FX headwinds versus prior year. Pricing actions were implemented as planned but were not enough to fully offset the cost headwinds incurred. As Sean mentioned earlier, we expect to see operating margins expand in both our Refrigerated & Frozen and International segments in fiscal '23, as pricing actions catch up to the recent inflation. I would like to take a deeper dive into the gross market inflation we experienced during the quarter, shown here on Slide 27. Inflation continued to rise to over 17% above the high end of the range that we were anticipating at the time of our third quarter call. It rose most acutely for commodities that are particularly difficult to hedge, including chicken and pork. Even though we forecasted a significant acceleration of our chicken and pork costs in Q4, as depicted in the charts on the right, actual inflation came in even higher especially in chicken, which hit record levels compared to our expectations as of the Q3 call.  We continue to pull on a number of levers to offset the elevated costs, including an additional round of inflation justified pricing actions implemented during the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 that will be effective in the first quarter of fiscal '23 and new pricing that will take effect in the second quarter of fiscal '23. Another strong performance by Ardent Mills also proved to be an effective inflation hedge in our Q4 results.  Slide 28 details our adjusted EPS Bridge for the quarter compared to last year. The sales increase and recovery of overall operating margins was the primary driver of the increase in our adjusted EPS during the fourth quarter contributing $0.09. We also saw a $0.02 benefit from our equity method investment earnings, which increased 42.1% during the quarter to $48 million due to solid results from Ardent Mills as effective management at the joint venture allowed it to capitalize on volatile market conditions. The benefit from pension and postretirement nonservice income and higher adjusted taxes were the additional drivers of our EPS change. The $0.65 in adjusted diluted EPS that we generated for the quarter brought our full year adjusted EPS to $2.36, down 10.6% from fiscal '21. On a two year compounded annualized basis, full year fiscal '22 adjusted EPS increased 1.7%. Turning to Slide 29, you can see our balance sheet and cash flow metrics for the quarter and full year. We feel good about ending the year with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of four times, which was generally in line with the target we outlined during our third quarter call. We aim to continue decreasing this ratio moving forward as we prepare for more market volatility, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. Capital expenditures decreased by $42 million year-over-year to $464 million, or 4% of net sales. Lastly, we continue to prioritize returning capital to shareholders as we paid $582 million in dividends in fiscal '22.  I'd now like to spend a minute talking about our guidance for fiscal '23. Slide 30 outlines our expectations for our three key metrics, including organic net sales growth of plus 4% to plus 5%, adjusted operating margin of approximately 15% and adjusted EPS growth between plus 1% and plus 5%. In addition, we aim to continue reducing our long-term net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to three times, as I alluded to earlier. The macro environment remains volatile, and this target reflects our strategy to maintain an even stronger balance sheet as we navigate continued headwinds moving forward. And we continue to remain committed to a solid investment-grade credit rating.  Before we open the line up for questions I want to unpack the assumptions behind our guidance shown here on Slide 31. We expect the high inflationary environment we experienced in fiscal '22 to continue into fiscal '23, with levels in the low teens off of the fiscal '22 gross market inflation up 16%. As I noted, we have communicated additional inflation justified pricing actions to help offset these elevated costs, which we anticipate being realized during the first and second quarters of fiscal '23. And we are keeping a close eye on how these actions impact elasticities.  We forecast the environment to remain dynamic through fiscal '23 with elasticities, increasing from fiscal '22 levels but remaining below pre-COVID historical levels. From an investment perspective, we expect CapEx spend of approximately $500 million as we prioritize reinvesting in the business as a lever to combat inflation with a focus on capacity expansion and productivity enablers. We also plan to increase our SG&A investment to support talent, infrastructure and continued automation.  Interest expense is anticipated to be roughly $410 million for the year, pension and postretirement income, approximately $25 million, and our tax rate estimate is approximately 24%. These three items combined represent an approximate $0.13 headwind to fiscal '22 adjusted EPS and are incorporated into our fiscal '23 EPS guidance of plus 1% to plus 5%. The higher interest rate environment is the main driver of the expected interest expense increase in pension income decline.  We anticipate Ardent Mills having another strong year, but expect fiscal '23 results to moderate versus fiscal '22, particularly versus the elevated performance in the second half of fiscal '22. To reiterate, we are confident about how Conagra ended the year and are optimistic about our future opportunities. We are looking forward to walking through these opportunities and our strategies to unlock them in more detail at our Investor Day later this month.  That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thank you for listening. I'll now pass it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead. Andrew, please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Can you guys hear me okay?
Melissa Napier: Yes, we can hear you now.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. All right. So just to start off, I realize elasticity is certainly below historical levels as youve talked about. And but volume was down a bit more, lets say than what weve seen from other food companies, all of whom have had as much pricing or more than Conagra, at least on a year-over-year basis.  So I guess Im trying to get a sense whether elasticity is starting to catch up with the company, maybe more than others are seeing, or if there is something else going on, because a bunch of companies have started to talk about the benefit they are seeing from trading in to at-home eating from away-from-home eatings, which is blunting maybe what would have been expected to be greater elasticity at this stage given all the pricing thats taking place, and it just speaks to other -- your assumption around below historical levels of elasticity for 23 is conservative or where that comes in? And I have got a follow-up. 
Sean Connolly : Yeah, Andrew, its Sean. I will answer that. Its pretty clear as we look at the data we are experiencing trading in that others referenced and the demand for our products remains quite strong. So as you saw in the slide brand health is in a very good place and I would say no to the question of are we experiencing something unique in elasticity? Based on what we are seeing right now the answer to that is inequitably no.  Consumer demand has remained very strong. These elasticities, as you mentioned, have been meaningfully better than historical norm. But what I draw your attention to is supply chain constrains, while we are making progress in supply chain, the constraints are still with us. And they were still a factor in Q4 and we did see retailers burn through inventory faster than we could replenish it. And that clearly put an upper control limit on parts of our portfolio, including some of our fastest growing, strongest brands and including Refrigerated & Frozen.  So we'll give you a full update on a tremendous amount of good work that's going on in supply chain. We are making progress there, and we've got a very exciting transformation plan ahead. We'll update you on that on our Investor Day in a couple of weeks. And we'll also, as we always do, preview some of the exciting new innovation that will come into the market -- that's currently coming into the market that will continue to drive strong sales. But I'd say for now, my key points are brands are performing very well, and the innovation is thriving. The pricing power we're seeing is quite strong.  Despite that strong pricing power, the elasticities remain well below historical norms. Supply chain is making progress, but it's not fully back to normal yet. And looking forward, our outlook for '23, we believe is quite prudent.
Andrew Lazar: That's helpful, thanks. And then I guess on your full year guidance, even putting all the below the line items sort of aside for a minute, seems to imply a high single-digit increase in EBIT growth. Even with your comments, I think even last quarter about the need and desire to ramp up A&P spend in fiscal '23, in a still kind of inflationary environment. So trying to get a sense of what are the key drivers to get there and your level of confidence in that type of growth on the EBIT side. Thanks so much.
Dave Marberger: Sure, Andrew. So if you take it from the top, we guided to low teens inflation off of the 16% this year. So we float that. We think that's going to be higher actually in Q1. And as the year goes, the percentage will come down, but low teens is what we assume there.  We're assuming that our supply chain productivity, which came in at 1.8% for Q4, we expect that as our supply chain continues to stabilize that, that will improve as the year goes on. We obviously have a big impact of pricing in 23, the carry-in pricing, which will be significant. And then as I talked about in my comments, we have pricing that is actually in market now in Q1 and will actually be in market in the beginning of Q2 as well. And so a big impact from pricing.  And we do expect that both our SG&A and A&P investment will grow at a greater rate than the sales guide. So we are investing in both of those areas. But given the pricing, given the ramp-up of productivity and given inflation at low teens off of what was a high base in fiscal '22, we feel comfortable with what that's going to do in terms of our EBIT growth for '23.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. One of the other larger food companies recently said that as soon as it's November quarter, the dollar impact from higher pricing could equal the dollar impact from inflation, roughly with maybe pricing being a net benefit afterward just given the lag effect. So I'm just curious -- I know every company is different in the timing of hedges are different and so forth -- but is this kind of cadence something you could see as well? I really am asking, when might it be reasonable for us to kind of anticipate pricing in a dollar sense being at least as high as your inflation this year? And maybe it's too hard to be precise. I'm just curious for your rough thoughts.
Sean Connolly : Ken, I'll give you my thoughts on that and mechanically how it works and Dave you can add anything if you want. But these inflation, as we've experienced over the last year or so, it tends to come in waves. And that means we take successive waves of pricing. Each one of those pricing actions then triggers its own lag effect, which lasts about 90 days.  Once you get through that lag effect, you really start to see the benefit of the pricing in the P&L. And then the following year, when you wrap that lag window, you really start to see some meaningful year-on-year improvements in the profitability. The tricky thing is if you have to feather in new pricing actions, you also feather in lag. So that's why each year is different because you've got different levels of waves of inflation and you've got different responses.  The good news is, hopefully, this inflation cycle is getting mature. We've been pretty aggressive in getting the actions into place. And after you get through those 90 days, you can start to see some benefits. And we don't have, as you know, a lot of categories that are fewer pass-through categories like a coffee. We have a couple, we've got a couple of neat businesses, but we don't have a lot of those. So to me, the positive thing here, while inflation is tough to deal with is as I've said before, it also can help liberate some of these brands from some of these legacy price thresholds where they can get stuck for a period of time.  And if you do that and then you kind of get past the year and you wrap some of the immediate challenges you face, some good things can happen in the P&L, and that's not unprecedented at all. Dave, do you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Just on the -- let me build on that and tie it into the guidance. So Ken, just kind of concise way to think about it is our organic net sales guide is 4% to 5%. We expect price/mix to be low teens. We expect inflation to be low teens. So if that is true, then the pricing dollars will exceed the inflation dollars next year.
Ken Goldman: Great. That's very helpful, Dave and Sean. Thank you. And if I ask a quick follow-up, is there any way to sort of quantify the impact of those supply chain constraints on your volumes in the fourth quarter, even if roughly. I think it would maybe help some people understand or get a better sense of how much that affected you? And is there a chance that this year, you'll see maybe a reversal of that effect as your production improves and retailers hopefully replenish some inventory?
Sean Connolly : Yes. I won't put any numbers on it, Ken, but it's is category specific. We can see it very clearly. And where we -- probably most noteworthy, as I mentioned in my remarks a minute ago is Refrigerated & Frozen. That's -- as you all know, that is our -- Frozen business is our most strategic domain. We've just had persistent strength there. They're really -- in our Frozen Meals business isn't a trade-down alternative.  So that is one of the key pieces of this portfolio and amongst our very strongest brands. We've driven virtually all the category growth there. I don't expect any change to that underlying strength at all. We've just got -- continue to get our suppliers back to full health and continue to get our ability to get service levels back to the traditional high 90% level. Dave, do you want to make any comments to that.
Dave Marberger: Yes. And you just said it. I think a lot of times we think of when we talk about supply chain, we think of the labor in our plants and our distribution centers, which is a key part of it, and we're seeing that come back. But another key part that is really impacting us in particular categories is supply, ingredient supply. So our suppliers and making sure that they're able to supply. And so if we're missing an ingredient, we can't produce. And so that's part of the impact. So we're working through that. We're making progress. But as Sean said, that did impact volumes, particularly in Refrigerated & Frozen this quarter.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. I look forward to the Investor Day. 
Dave Marberger: Thanks. 
Operator: And our next question will come from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. On supply chain savings, I would imagine those were difficult to capture in fiscal '22, given all the COVID-related forces. And I would also imagine that there was significant friction costs, which you talked about last quarter. Could you perhaps talk about your assumptions for those supply chain friction costs going forward '23, how that would compare to '22 and also supply chain savings, how you think that, that capture will be in fiscal '23 versus '22?
Sean Connolly : David, let me give you just kind of a quick way to think about it, and Dave, you can add anything. As we plan our '23 in terms of supply chain, we're not planning for a complete reversal of the supply chain friction that we've experienced over the last year. As you know, as we've said before, we prioritized doing what it took this past year to get as many units of our products out the door as we could. And that had a cost to it and it was less efficient than normal.  We are assuming some progress because we are seeing some progress in some green shoots in supply chain. But from a planning posture standpoint, we're not assuming everything gets back to bright. There will still be some inefficiencies in there according to what we planned. When we see in a couple of weeks, we're going to take you through that in quite some detail. And in addition, some investments we are making to really transform and modernize supply chain so we can capture some good margin opportunities that we see going forward.  So we'll take you through that in a couple of weeks. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes, sure. So David, if you look at the Q4 Bridge, our productivity net of the offsets was 1.8%. That was better than the 1.5% we had in Q3. As you know, historically, we run about 2.5% to 3% of productivity if you kind of look back pre-COVID. So the way to think about '23 is we will gradually ramp our productivity numbers back to what we were historically, and we're just gradually, with each passing quarter, we expect to continue the improvement in the operations.
David Palmer: And then you mentioned in one slide or you showed how you have a relatively high contribution from innovation versus peers. And I wonder, going forward into '23, how you're thinking about the ability to get even more innovation impact given the ability for retailers to absorb that in the post-COVID era? And does that does that really -- how much of that is in the plan for '23 in addition to perhaps some higher expense in terms of promotions and other growth spending? Thanks.
Sean Connolly : Well, I'd say, both are in the plan for '23. We are assuming very strong innovation performance, and we are investing behind that innovation. So you're seeing A&P rise in support of that innovation. If you look at our track record now of these successive launches of innovation that we've had, when we started this journey and our real first big innovation slate was I think as far back as '16-'17, there was some concern what happens when you wrap this success? Well, each year, our innovation waves have gotten better and stronger than the year before. And our '22 results were fantastic versus a very successful '21.  We're expecting fiscal '23 innovation to be even stronger than that, and we're investing behind that. We do have demand from our customers for that innovation. So it's sold in. And interestingly, as we told you before, even during the height of the pandemic, we paused innovation a lot less than what I expected at the time. We had tremendous customer demand for our innovation even then, and we kept the train rolling. So that's all baked into the plan for this year.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. 
Sean Connolly : Good morning. 
Alexia Howard: Can I, first of all ask about the gross margin trajectory from here? I realize you're not giving formal guidance. But given that the inflation seems to be higher than expected at the moment and the price -- the next round of pricing doesn't kick in until the second quarter. Does that mean that the near-term pressures on gross margin are likely to be fairly hefty? And will that -- is that expected to then improve through the rest of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
Sean Connolly : Yes, Alexia, that's right. When you look at inflation, given our exit rate of 17%, we're expecting low teens inflation for all of fiscal '23. But we expect that inflation rate to be higher in Q1 given the exit rate. So as we go forward, we expect the percentage inflation will come down versus Q1. So that would and then the pricing that we're taking in Q1 and Q2 comes in. So you should see gradual improvement of gross margin as '23 progresses.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned favorable mix across a lot of the segments this time around. Could you just give a qualitative description of what was going on and whether that's expected to continue, and I'll pass it on.
Dave Marberger: Yes. A lot of that is brand mix, Alexia. So we have a big portfolio. So depending on the mix of what we sell, we will see benefits. So when we see growth in brands like Slim Jim, some of our core frozen items, those things have better kind of sales and margin mix. So it's really at the brand level that's driving that. 
Alexia Howard: And you'd expect that to continue presumably into '23?
Dave Marberger: Yes. We always manage that for favorable mix. Mix is always one that's tricky because there's a lot that goes into it. But generally, we're always managing our portfolio to drive favorable mix for sure.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Thank you. 
Sean Connolly : Good morning.
Chris Growe: I had a question for you first and just a bit of a follow-up. So I think to Ken's earlier question. Last quarter, Dave, we talked about that gap between pricing and inflation and that $0.30 in EPS. And now there's been more inflation, and obviously, you've got more pricing coming through to catch up to that. Is there a -- would there be a point or embedded in your guidance some element of that $0.30 or whatever the new number is coming back in fiscal '23? So perhaps in the second half as it caught up on pricing and inflation.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, if you look at our guidance, I think given what our estimate is for price/mix, which is low teens and then inflation at low teens, you will see that come back in. So that is part of the guidance. I think with the $265 million, we were clear last quarter that, that wasn't guidance.  That was a pro forma number. And if you take the guidance that we put out there of plus 1% to plus 5% for '23 you -- included in that is the $0.13 headwind from the nonoperational items for pension, interest and tax that gets you, if you translate that to numbers kind of a $251 million to $261 million then we're not planning Ardent up as much, and we're investing in SG&A. So when you put those things back in, you can clearly see that we are building in catching up on the lag in the fiscal '23 guide.
Chris Growe: Okay. Yes. That makes sense. And then just a question on A&P, which is to say that, I guess to be clear, you expect it to be up in fiscal '23 is the question. And then related to that, well, E&P was down this quarter and obviously a comparison issue, it could -- in terms of the total pressure against the brands, I can call it back because you've got promotional investments above the line going as well. Was your total sort of pressure against the brands down less or maybe even off or whatever the answer is in relation to that above the line spending that's going on as well.
Sean Connolly : Chris, we're going to get into this in quite a bit of detail in a couple of weeks. We talk through how we create this connections between our consumers and our brands. But what I'd say is our total investment has been very strong, and it remains very strong. And in any given quarter, we might toggle investment below the line. We might toggle it above the line depending upon what we think in that window, is right for the business.  So for example, if we're in a launch window for new innovation going to market, we will put more money above the line for everything from slotting to in-store sampling on those new items, getting it on to an end [indiscernible] display, so people can discover it. If we're not in a launch window, but we're more in a sustaining window, we're driving repeat, we might spend more on e-commerce and search and things like that.  So we're constantly toggling our spend to what we think is going to be most effective and most efficient in that window. And we've got a big innovation slate this year. So we've got some good trial generating support for that in our A&P line. At the same time, we've still got good support to get those things on shelf, get the right high-quality physical availability. So overall, it's working. And this is an important topic and one that we do want to get into in a couple of weeks with you.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Sean Connolly : Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hey, thanks for the question. I kind of have two. But Dave, you've talked about low teens price/mix and low teens COGS inflation, and that's the explanation for why there's profit dollar growth in the relationship. But if you look at the gross margin impact in your slides from price/mix, it's significantly lower than that price/mix kind of run rate. And I think that's because of the mix. And I think it's because you're growing snacks faster than the rest of the business and maybe the gross margin isn't as beneficial to the mix when you do that.  So is it possible to decompose the price/mix, like how much of it is truly price? And does -- when I look at it that way, do those two things offset each other, the price and the COGS inflation.
Dave Marberger: Yes. What I would say, Robert is that you have to remember that when we quote price, right, so this quarter, it was 13%. That's always going to be lower in terms of the margin impact, right, of that price. Same thing with inflation. Inflation was 17%, but the margin impact of that was 12%. So it's really the same thing. The price if we're low teens price next year, that's going to equate to a lower margin impact, but then the same thing on the low teens inflation, right?  So we're quoting a percentage of either the sales or percentage of the cost of goods sold, but when you translate that into a margin impact, it's lower. So it's really that relationship.
Rob Moskow: Okay. And maybe a follow-up, in your press release, when you talk about the reasons for the volume decline, it really is all about price elasticity. It doesn't say anything about supply chain constraints or inability to serve customers. So is it just not material enough to show up in the price release that supply chain constraint?
Sean Connolly : There's all factors at play Rob. We've got -- elasticities are happening, and they are happening well below historical norms, as I've said, and we're not able to ship to our customers at the same rate that they are burning through inventory. So they're both factors. And the one that's very topical right now is people want to know how is consumer demand holding up in the face of very strong pricing, and it's holding up extremely well relative to historical norms, but it's not zero. Dave, do you want to add some?
Dave Marberger: Yes, just I would just add when you do the press release, obviously, you talk more about the material drivers of the thing, right? So it's clearly elasticities are the main driver of volume. There were some supply constraints, which we gave color to because we were asked. So -- but the main driver were the elasticity.
Rob Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you, operator. Good morning, Sean. Good morning, Dave. I just had Dave two questions for you related to, I guess, related to the balance sheet. The first one is just given the net interest expense this year being impacted by higher rates, is that a fixed number now? Or if rates were to move in one direction or another, is there a potential that net interest expense could move?
Dave Marberger: Yes. I mean we looked at all the forecasted rate increases for the year and then estimated what that number would be. So if it plays out as the forecasts are in terms of number of rate increases, then that's how we forecasted it. So it's really our commercial paper because that's really the variable piece where a lot of our debt is fixed, as you know, right, in terms of rates. So it's that. And then it's a little bit of just the average borrowing for the year just given some of the timing of working capital. So -- but yes, we've factored in right now what the current forecast is for rate increases.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. But given that it's really just tied to the piece that's like CP, there shouldn't be a material move one way or another.
Dave Marberger: Yes, it would -- it's all based on kind of where we are now. So I agree [ph].
Bryan Spillane: And then just wanted, if you could expand a little bit on the comments you made earlier about leverage and leverage targets? And I guess they asked us in the context of kind of drifting up to four times in a market that today is -- equities are being more impacted by leverage today than they were a year ago or even on January 1, I would argue. So is there anything that you can do -- other than EBITDA growing, expected to grow in fiscal '23. Are there other levers you can pull, other actions you can take to maybe accelerate the deleveraging?
Dave Marberger: Well, I think obviously, the core operations are the key driver, and we do expect for '23 to be down versus where we ended fiscal '22 on leverage. Obviously, as you've seen us over the last five to six years, we've done a lot of portfolio reshaping and divestitures. And so obviously, this is just a base forecast. So any divestitures we would have could reduce leverage further depending on what we would execute.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So it's -- that's -- I guess that was my question. You're not out of options, I guess, in terms of more than just organically deleveraging. There could be other options or other actions you could take to kind of help that along?
Sean Connolly : Yes.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Melissa Napier: Jason, you might be muted. We cant hear you.
Jason English: Thank you. Yes, indeed, I was. I was like two-thirds into my question, too. So thanks for the shout out. So thanks for slotting me in. I have two questions. First, on volume, on a three year stack basis in Grocery & Snacks and Frozen & Refrigerated you're kind of back to flat to where you were pre-COVID this quarter. And you're guiding to like a high single digit, almost 10% type volume decline next year, suggesting that you expect eating occasions coming to your portfolio to be well below pre-COVID despite what you're talking about sort of trade-in or away-from-home and despite what you've been saying about retention of eating occasions post-COVID. How do we square all that?
Sean Connolly : Well, I think our planning posture across the board for this '23 plan, Jason, is to be prudent. We don't want to plan in a way that puts us in a -- we need to be in a heroic position in anything in terms of elasticities, supply chain rebound, et cetera. We want to -- it remains a volatile environment. We think the best guide for fiscal '23 is a prudent guide. And because as we've seen in the last year, things are going to happen that are different from what you assume at the beginning of the year, and you got to be able to navigate that. So that's the environment we're in right now, and that's the posture we've taken as we put together the plan.
Jason English: Yes, that makes sense. It seems prudent. And separately, I'm in an event right now with a lot of your customers. And it's kind of depressing. They're talking about all this cost pressure, the limited ability to pass it through the consumer, the meaningful margin squeeze they are under. And you're the third food company in a row to get up and talk about the ability to price above inflation and get margin recovery, which we saw this quarter you're guiding to for next year. It kind of flies in the face of how I've always thought about the balance of power between the industry. Was it may be a bit more balanced rather than the sort of incongruent balance that we're seeing right now where CPG guys are saying they're going to flex a lot of muscle, while your customers are feeling a lot of pain. What's evolved to kind of cause that balance to pivot in this direction? And why do you believe it's durable?
Sean Connolly : No, I wouldn't characterize it the way you're characterizing it, Jason. I mean when you go into these macroeconomic dislocations that we've experienced, the pain tends to come in waves. And manufacturers get hit with a lot of the pain early in the cycle, and that comes in the form of margin compression as you've seen we've gone through in the last year, a lot of that associated with the lag effect. And then the lag effect is a transitory effect that you do emerge from. So it's not as if what you're doing as you move through that cycle is you're recovering lost margin points as opposed to adding fresh new firepower at the profit line. That's not what's happening. This is about profit recovery. And that's an important thing. Manufacturers have to recover their margin, why? Because the top priority for our retail customers is growth. And our retail customers here at Conagra know that our innovation has been the absolute key to driving growth for their categories. They need and want that innovation to continue, but they know that, that innovation costs us money. We have to have healthy margins to be able to build out that innovation and get it to our customers in the market. And so they know we've got to take inflation justified pricing to recover our margins after we go through these windows where we experienced the compression that happens early in the inflation cycle. And that's exactly kind of how things are playing out.
Jason English: Got it. Understood. Thanks. Ill pass it on. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Cody Ross with UBS. Please go ahead.
Simon Negin: Good morning. This is Simon Negin filling in for Cody Ross. The past two years have presented unprecedented challenges and demonstrated the importance of a strong organization. Moving into another period of uncertainty, what are some of the areas that you've changed and double down on that will continue to aid in navigating tough waters?
Sean Connolly : Well, that's a good setup for our Investor Day in a couple of weeks because we've got -- I'd say there are areas of just continuous improvement and continued progress, like our innovation program, for example, just has been very strong for five plus years running now and it gets even stronger. There's other areas where we've got new things happening that are exciting and offer margin improvement opportunities going forward, particularly the work we've got going on in supply chain transformation and modernization, which we'll talk about in a couple of weeks. And then I'd say just from a team standpoint, culturally, our culture has remained incredibly strong throughout COVID. We've had our office open since June 15, 2020, and keeping our team together, because the work we do is very spontaneous and iterative and creative in nature. And so the importance of being together is critical to our ability to keep our innovation as agile as it is, and we'll just continue to get that stronger as we go forward.
Simon Negin: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: And this will conclude the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Melissa Napier for any closing remarks.
Melissa Napier: Great. Thanks to everyone for joining us today. Bayle and I will be around all day for any follow-up questions. And as Sean mentioned, we are really looking forward to our Investor Day in a few weeks. You can visit our Investor Relations page on our external website for more information about Investor Day as well as the link to register. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-04-07 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bayle Ellis. Please go ahead.
Bayle Ellis: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Bayle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will detail our results for the quarter and our updated outlook for the remainder of the year. We'll then open the line to your questions. I'd like to start with the key messages we want to share with you this morning. As we navigate a dynamic external environment, our team delivered a solid Q3 that was largely in line with our expectations on the top line and adjusted EPS. We remain laser-focused on successfully executing the Conagra Way playbook by creating superior products and ensuring physical and mental availability to create lasting connections between consumers and our brands. This enabled us to deliver a robust plus 6% organic net sales growth for the third quarter, in line with what we expected. The strength of our top line can be measured both in the absolute and relative to peers as we gained share in key categories on a 1- and 2-year basis. And it's important to note that in response to inflation-driven pricing that has been executed in the market to date, elasticities have been favorable to historical patterns, even more so than what we expected. Unit demand remains strong as consumers continue to recognize the superior relative value that our portfolio provides. As worldwide events contributed to an already challenging environment, our teams remain agile and nimble to respond effectively and continue to serve our customers. Our third quarter results reflect strong contributions from our latest innovations, and we have another exciting innovations slate planned for fiscal 2023. But we also experienced higher-than-anticipated inflation as the third quarter unfolded. In the face of these heightened costs, we again made the deliberate decision to continue to invest to service orders and meet the strong consumer demand for our products, ensuring physical availability is an important part of maintaining and building trust and loyalty with consumers. While these strategic investments contributed to margin compression in Q3, we believe making them was the right decision as we position Conagra for the long term. Ultimately, we landed Q3 EPS a bit differently than we previously anticipated, but we did get there. Our adjusted Q3 EPS actualized in line with our expectations, above forecasted performance, and our Ardent Mills joint venture offset incremental Q3 inflation headwinds. As we look to the remainder of the fiscal year, the environment isn't getting much easier in the near term. We now expect an additional $100 million of market inflation in Q4. The updated Q4 inflation forecast equates to a 26% increase versus 2 years ago. As we'll detail further today, this higher-than-expected inflation is disproportionately impacting some of our strongest businesses, including meat snacks and frozen. Keep in mind that these businesses rely on inputs like protein and dairy, which are harder to offset in the short term and that frozen requires more specialized temperature control transportation. But as we started to see this latest wave of inflation coming, we took action on pricing just as we have throughout the year. These new pricing moves go into effect in Q1 of fiscal '23 and are highly targeted toward frozen and protein snacks. These businesses have been distinguished by innovation-driven sales growth, favorable elasticities, continued share gains and limited private label competition. So although we are experiencing pressure on our total company margins near term, we will see the benefits of the new pricing actions we've taken to offset this latest wave of inflation beginning in Q1 of fiscal '23. With this context, we're updating our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. Our updated outlook reflects expectations for continued strong consumer demand for our product and lower-than-historical elasticities as well as the further increase in our gross inflation expectations for the year and the timing of the related pricing actions. Specifically, we now expect organic net sales for the year to be plus 4%, and we project adjusted diluted EPS to land at about $2.35, which translates to approximately $2.65 of earnings power when taking into account the impact of the lag between inflation and our end market pricing this fiscal year. And with that overview, let's dig into the quarter. As you can see on Slide 6, our team delivered solid Q3 results in the face of a highly dynamic and challenging operating environment. On a 2-year CAGR basis, organic net sales for the third quarter increased at just under 8%, and adjusted EPS grew by over 11%. Looking at Slide 7, you can see that we continue to grow sales on both a 1- and 2-year basis. Total Conagra domestic retail sales were up 18.5% on a 2-year basis in the quarter. We also continued to gain share in the quarter with our category weighted share growth up on both a 1- and 2-year basis. And on a relative basis, our share performance continued to compare favorably to the industry overall and to our largest peers. Slide 8 demonstrates that we gained category share at levels that outpaced our top 15 peers during the quarter. And if you take a look at the chart on the right, the share gains in our frozen and snacks domains were particularly notable. As you can see on Slide 9, our performance in frozen and snacks has driven our total Conagra share gains fiscal year-to-date and during the third quarter. Importantly, our categories are healthy, attractive and growing. As you can see from the chart on the left, our frozen and snacks domains have grown nearly 8% and 9% during the fiscal year-to-date and third quarter, respectively. So we're not just gaining share, we're gaining share in some of the most attractive parts of the store. These results are holding notwithstanding our need to put significant inflation-driven pricing into the market. On Slide 10, you can see the extent of our recent actions which increased in Q3 and have accelerated over the last 5 weeks. On-shelf prices for our brands rose across all 3 domestic retail domains compared to the same period a year ago, with inflation-driven price increases most concentrated in frozen and protein snacks. We implement these pricing actions. We're watching the impact on volumes closely, and we are pleased that the price elasticity has remained below historical levels. Slide 11 demonstrates that unit sales have remained consistently positive on a 2-year basis even as the on-shelf prices for our brands have increased. This dynamic is a testament to the fact that despite the broad-based inflationary environment we're operating in, the targeted nature of our inflation-driven pricing actions and the superior relative value of our products continue to resonate with our customers and consumers. A great example of this is our Banquet brand in our frozen business. As we've discussed before, the Banquet brand is a mainstay in American households and has undergone considerable modernization to ensure that the brand delivers on its promise of relevant flavors, hearty portions and a great value. Consumers see the relative quality and availability of our Banquet products and continue to choose Banquet despite inflation-driven price increases. Banquet's volume has remained consistent as prices went up in stark contrast to a key competitor. We see a similar story in our snacks domain with Slim Jim, another brand that has made lasting connections with its consumers through perpetual modernization, relevancy and availability. Despite the increased cost of protein and associated pricing actions, Slim Jim volumes have increased considerably, far outpacing a key competitor. In addition to strong relative performance compared with other branded products, we also continue to maintain share relative to private label products. Slide 14 shows private label dollar share across the edible industry at large, across the categories in which Conagra competes and across Conagra's frozen and snacking categories specifically. Two things stand out about this chart. First, we compete in parts of the store with less private label penetration than the edible space at large. And second, the share of private label sales has remained stable amid the highly inflationary environment over the past several years. We believe the data shows that consumers are finding comfort in the quality, reliability and familiarity that national brands provide, particularly modernized brands like those in our portfolio. And we have not backed off from our modernization focus in the current environment. Innovation has remained a key to our success.  Slide 15 shows the impact of our disciplined approach to delivering new products and a modernized portfolio. During the third quarter, our innovation outperformed with the strong results we delivered in the year ago period. And once again, our innovation rose to the top of the pack in several key categories, including with toppings, frozen vegetables and frozen plant-based meat alternatives. And we have another exciting line-up of new innovations set to hit the shelves during fiscal 2023. The new products you see on Slide 16 are already being accepted by customers who have come to respect the innovation and marketing engine at Conagra and our ability to drive demand in key categories. Our ongoing investments in e-commerce also continued to yield strong results in the third quarter. We delivered compelling quarterly growth in our $1 billion e-commerce business as we outpaced the entire total edible category in terms of e-commerce retail sales growth in Q3, building on our momentum from fiscal 2021. Looking at the chart on the right, you can see that our e-commerce business has continued to grow as a percentage of our total retail sales as we continue to invest behind supporting our brands. I'd like to briefly detail our performance across our 3 retail domains, starting with our frozen business on Slide 18. Frozen continues to be one of the strongest businesses in our portfolio and offers convenience and quality that make it the perfect fit for today's consumer. In Q3, we continued to deliver strong growth on both a 1- and 2-year basis. And within this domain, meat substitutes, single-serve meals, desserts and multi-serve meals were the main drivers of our results. Driven by the appeal of our products to the consumer and the investments we've made in brand building and innovation, our leading frozen portfolio again grew share in Q3, both in the domain overall and within key categories. Now let's talk about snacks. Slide 20 highlights the meaningful acceleration in retail sales growth that we've experienced in our snacks business. In the third quarter, our snacks business grew 11% year-over-year that equates to more than 30% growth over the same period in 2020. Within snacks, we have seen growth across key categories, highlighted by more than 20% year-over-year growth in meat snacks. Similar to our frozen business, our snacks portfolio is gaining share in this large and growing domain. We delivered share gains in multiple snack categories, including several popcorn categories, meat snacks and hot cocoa. Our staples retail sales have also been growing over a 2-year period, and that trend continued in Q3. Specifically, we saw very large increases in retail sales for refrigerated whipped toppings and cooking spray, both of which were up over 25% in Q3 on a 2-year basis. Since the onset of COVID-19, many consumers have strength in healthy categories. We are driving growth, gaining share in attractive categories and remain disciplined in executing the Conagra Way to create lasting connections with consumers. The health of our business is what will enable us to deliver profitable growth for the long term. In the immediate, however, we face a volatile cost environment that continues to be very challenging. As the third quarter unfolded, our expectations for full year fiscal 2022 gross inflation increased from approximately 14% to approximately 16%. The biggest driver of this change is the market inflation that we now expect for Q4. At the time of our Q2 call, we expected Q4 gross inflation of about 11%. Today, we expect Q4 gross inflation of approximately 16%. On a 2-year basis, Q4 gross inflation is expected to be an unprecedented 26%. And as I noted earlier, these incremental costs are disproportionately impacting our strong frozen and snacks businesses. Both rely on inputs like protein and dairy, which are harder to offset in the short term, and in the case of frozen, require specialized temperature-controlled transportation. As noted on Slide 25, we're updating our guidance for the full year to reflect the trends I just covered. We now expect organic net sales growth of approximately 4%, adjusted operating margin to be approximately 14.5%, adjusted EPS to be approximately $2.35, and as I just mentioned, we're updating our gross inflation guidance to approximately 16%. We're also providing guidance for the fourth quarter to reflect the higher estimated inflation and the lag in the offsetting pricing actions. In Q4, we expect organic net sales growth of approximately 7%, adjusted operating margin of approximately 15.5%, adjusted EPS of approximately $0.64 and gross inflation of approximately 16%. While the environment remains challenging, our team continues to stay focused on executing our Conagra Way playbook and positioning our business for long-term growth and value creation. We delivered strong sales growth and continued to gain share, particularly in our healthy and growing frozen and snacks categories, both of which continue to resonate with consumers despite necessary price adjustments to help offset the impact of inflation. While accelerated inflation has put pressure on our near-term earnings, we're confident in our ability to offset the impact with additional inflation-driven pricing actions. And overall, due to the strength of our brands and consistent approach to creating lasting connections with consumers, we are confident in the underlying health of the business and the many value creation opportunities ahead. We hope to see you at our upcoming Investor Day on July 28 at the New York Stock Exchange, where the team and I will be sharing more on our plans for the future. We look forward to seeing many of you there in person. Now that I've highlighted our performance for the quarter. I'll turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our financials.
Dave Marberger : Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by reviewing our quarterly results at a summary level, as shown here on Slide 28. As Sean discussed, we delivered strong organic net sales of plus 6% in Q3, reflecting the continued relevancy of our portfolio to consumers. We experienced better-than-anticipated elasticities on volume in the face of our inflation-driven price increases. Inflation pressures accelerated as Q3 unfolded as reflected in our Q3 operating margins. At the same time, our Ardent Mills joint venture, reflected in the equity earnings line, had a strong quarter driven by favorable market conditions. Q3 adjusted EPS of $0.58 was largely in line with our expectations, down 1.7% versus prior year and up 11.1% on a 2-year compounded growth basis. Overall, a very solid Q3 financial performance given the volatile operating environment. We show a breakdown of our Q3 net sales bridge on Slide 29. Our 6% organic net sales growth was driven by a strong price mix increase of 8.6%, reflecting the inflation-driven pricing actions we have taken in every segment of our business over the last year. Volume declined 2.6%, primarily due to the elasticity impacts of the price increases, along with supply constraints on certain refrigerated and frozen products. Looking at reported net sales drivers, the divestitures of our peanut butter and Egg Beaters businesses drove an 80 basis point decline, and foreign exchange was an additional 10 basis point headwind. Together, these factors contributed to 5.1% growth in total Conagra net sales for the quarter versus a year ago. Slide 30 shows our Q3 net sales summary by reporting segment on a 1- and 2-year basis. We delivered organic net sales growth across each of our segments this quarter due to inflation-driven pricing and continued strong consumer demand. Growth was particularly strong within our Foodservice segment where volume continued to rebound as restaurant traffic recovers from the impact of COVID-19. Foodservice third quarter organic net sales were in line with pre-COVID sales levels. Within our 2 domestic retail businesses, both Grocery & Snacks and Refrigerated & Frozen delivered strong price mix results for the quarter. Volumes were down a bit more in refrigerated and frozen than in Grocery & Snacks as we had some higher-than-expected supply disruptions in Refrigerated & Frozen in the quarter associated with labor and materials challenges, but we expect this dynamic to improve as we progress through Q4. For total Conagra, organic net sales grew at a 2-year compounded growth rate of 7.8% in the third quarter. We show the operating profit and margin summary of each of our reporting segments on Slide 31. Adjusted operating profit was down 9.9% in Q3 and was essentially flat on a 2-year compounded basis. As you can see from our results, inflation and cost pressures were most concentrated in our Refrigerated & Frozen segment this quarter. I have a slide later in my remarks with specifics, but at a summary level, as Q3 unfolded, we began to experience higher-than-anticipated inflation on protein and higher costs in the temperature-controlled transportation network, both of which are harder to offset in the short term. But as you heard from Sean, our frozen businesses continue to win with consumers. While we look forward to getting back to a more normalized cost environment, we believe that our frozen portfolio is well positioned to support the additional price increases that the current inflationary environment require. We've recently announced new pricing actions for our frozen businesses as well as for our protein snacking businesses, which are also experiencing elevated levels of inflation. We will see the benefits of these new pricing actions in Q1 of fiscal year '23. Page 32 summarizes total Conagra operating margin, excluding Ardent Mills for the third quarter. This page really highlights the significant impact that inflation had on the business in the third quarter. Q3 total market inflation was 15.4% and negatively impacted operating margin by 10.6 percentage points in the quarter. This inflation level was higher than what we estimated when we discussed our outlook with you following Q2, and it's driven the additional pricing actions I just mentioned. The good news is that our 8.6% increase in price mix and sales translated to 5.7 percentage points of operating margin improvement in the quarter. We also delivered 1.5 percentage points of productivity improvement, net of operational offset in the quarter. Our teams were able to deliver this level of net productivity even in the face of meaningful labor disruption. The level of base productivity we achieved in our plants and our production output were both challenged in Q3 due to Omicron-related labor disruptions. But with the labor situation now starting to stabilize, we expect abate as we progress through Q4. We also saw marginal benefits from A&P and adjusted SG&A savings in Q3. These factors combined to deliver adjusted operating margin of 13.7% for the third quarter. Turning to Slide 33. You can see our adjusted EPS bridge for the quarter. The operating profit drivers I just discussed resulted in a $0.06 decrease in adjusted EPS versus Q3 of last year. The primary operating profit headwind was the 15.4% inflation rate. The other major headwind in Q3 was the unfavorable operating efficiencies related to labor disruptions in our operations that I just mentioned. The tailwinds for the quarter were the significant price mix benefits and realized productivity that we delivered. We also had lower SG&A and A&P costs in the quarter. Q3 EPS was also favorably impacted by a lower weighted average interest rate on outstanding debt and by a very strong quarter from Ardent Mills. Given the nature of Ardent's business, it can benefit from volatile market conditions. Although Ardent income is recorded below operating margin in our financial statements, it is a cash-generating business that has performed well in this highly inflationary environment. As you've seen in our materials this morning, the highly inflationary environment has caused us to reduce our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. However, we believe it's important to provide some additional details on how we view the underlying earnings power of our portfolio, which we believe is strong. On a pro forma basis, we estimate that fiscal '22 adjusted EPS approximates $2.65 versus the updated guidance of $2.35 we're sharing today. So what does the $2.65 represent? First, as you can see on the chart, it incorporates the impact of the updated market inflation estimate we're now expecting in Q4, driving a reduction in our previous EPS estimate of about $0.18. The $2.65 also reflects estimated favorability of approximately $0.03 versus the previous full year EPS estimate for Ardent Mills. Beyond those items, the $2.65 reflects our estimate of all the pricing lags we faced this fiscal year. As you've heard us discuss in recent quarters, the reality of a CPG food business is that inflation hits the P&L before a corresponding pricing response can be executed with customers. Generally, that lag is about 90 days. We've estimated the impact of our pricing lags, netted elasticities for fiscal year '22. We believe that the full year EPS impact of these lags is approximately $0.30. This estimated impact excludes our Foodservice and International segments as we only quantified it for the domestic retail businesses. Of course, it's important to understand what this estimate represents. It is not our fiscal year '23 EPS guidance. We will provide more insight on our expectations for fiscal '23 after fiscal year '22 ends. But it is our estimate of what adjusted EPS might have been in fiscal '22, if price increases were effective at the same time that inflation actually hit our P&L, better demonstrating the underlying earnings power of the business. Slide 35 breaks down our revised inflation expectations a bit further. As you can see, the expected inflation rate for Q4 has the biggest delta compared to our previous expectations. If you look at the chart on the right, Q4 inflation is expected to be approximately 26% versus 2 years ago, clearly an unprecedented level of market inflation that we are managing through.  Slide 36 goes into more detail on where we saw this inflation impact on our supply chain most severely in the third quarter, and where the bulk of the incremental $100 million of new inflation is coming from. As Sean and I have both mentioned, transportation and proteins were particularly challenging in Q3 and remain so as we started Q4. Dairy has also been a headwind versus our prior expectations. Let's talk a bit more about each of these. Beginning with transportation, Q3 costs were heavily impacted by driver and truck availability, which resulted in more inflationary pressures from spot market usage and rates. Additionally, as you are all aware, fuel prices were driven up significantly during the quarter due to unforeseen worldwide events. With respect to proteins and dairy, we also saw Q3 inflation at rates higher than previously forecasted. Meat-based proteins are difficult to hedge and current industry freezer inventory positions are at multiyear lows. This supply dynamic limits our ability to build our freezer stock inventory, which is our typical coverage strategy. For a bit more perspective on cost, our total meat-based protein spend in fiscal '21 approximated $675 million. For fiscal '22, we now estimate total meat-based protein market inflation of approximately 50%, which is approximately $340 million of additional market cost in this one commodity area, driving nearly 40% of our total gross materials inflation in fiscal '22. In summary, these 3 categories alone are estimated to drive $0.16 of the incremental gross cost inflation we're now expecting for Q4. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flows, we stayed the course on our balanced capital allocation approach this quarter. As outlined on Slide 37, we reduced net debt by approximately $240 million in Q3 and getting our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 4.2x. As more of our pricing actions flow through our balance sheet in the fourth quarter, we expect this leverage ratio to drop to approximately 3.9x. We remain committed to an investment-grade credit rating and to our long-term net leverage target of roughly 3.5x. I'll wrap up with a repeat of the updated guidance that Sean walked you through. our new fiscal '22 and Q4 guidance are shown on Slide 38. As you've heard from us this morning, we expect our strong top line momentum to continue with benefits from our pricing actions and favorable elasticities driving organic net sales growth of approximately 7% in Q4 and approximately 4% for the full year, up from approximately 3% in our previous guidance and up from approximately flat in our original fiscal '22 guidance. Because of the incremental inflation we have discussed today and the additional lag in the pricing actions, we are estimating Q4 EPS to approximate $0.64, a strong increase of 18.5% versus the prior year. This results in EPS for fiscal year '22 of approximately $2.35, down from approximately $2.50. We also now expect market inflation for the year to approximate 16%, up from approximately 14%, and we expect adjusted operating margin to be underlying earnings power of our business. Following the Conagra Way playbook, we continue to invest in our brands to create innovative products that resonate with consumers, and we believe these investments have positioned our portfolio well to manage through this challenging environment. We look forward to diving deeper into the progress we have made and the future opportunities we see at our upcoming Investor Day scheduled for July 28 in New York City. You will also hear from our new supply chain leader, Ale Eboli, who will review the strategic actions we are planning to drive further efficiencies in our supply chain. We will also communicate our algorithm for longer-term financial performance. We look forward to seeing many of you then. Thank you for listening, everyone. That concludes my prepared remarks today. I'll now hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, Sean, to start off, I know it's obviously early to detail fiscal '23 expectations and things are still fluid, but perhaps you can at least give us a bit more color on how Conagra maybe sort of hedged on some key inputs as we go into fiscal '23, more so we have a sense of your level of visibility to the cost profile, and therefore, maybe the time that you have to try and better match inflation with pricing as you move forward. I guess what I'm getting at is, should we expect this sort of a lag to continue to maybe impact results to start the new fiscal year? Or do you think by that time, given where costs are today, you will have more effectively caught up? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Well, Andrew, what I'll ask is let's Dave give you some comments on kind of how we're hedged for next year and then let me give you some of my thoughts on this lag dynamic.
Dave Marberger : So Andrew, where we are right now, if you look at for Q4, within the quarter, we're over 80% hedged on all our materials for Q4. As you look to fiscal '23, at this point, we're about 40% hedged overall. That obviously varies by different areas. So certain ingredients and packaging, we would be above that. But certain areas like the meat-based proteins, which we've talked about a lot today, less than that. So it really does vary. So we will obviously continue to update that as we move closer to the end of the fiscal year. But that's where we are now. And that's pretty much in line with where we would normally be this time of the year for next fiscal year.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And I would just add that the bottom line is that, but for the lag effects, our business has performed remarkably well this year and is proving to be quite resilient. That said, lag effects come with the territory. And when manufacturers like us get hit with these waves of inflation, plural, you need 2 things to navigate. You need strong brands and perseverance, and we've got both. It's really not a matter of getting the pricing to line up better with when the inflation hits because mechanically, the way this works is pretty straightforward. First, we experienced a rise in our cost base. That triggers a price increase from us to our retail customers. And then at about the 90-day mark, we begin to see the benefit of that pricing in our P&L, and that's pretty standard. And if we experience multiple waves of inflation as we have this year, we repeat that process over again, and we start recovering the immediate profit squeeze in each wave after that 90-day lag passes. I think the most critical thing is as that process unfolds is watching what happens with volumes. And for us, that assessment has shown the tremendous strength of our brands because we're experiencing fairly modest elasticity demand across each of our 3 consumer domains of frozen snacks and staples. And that's due in large part to the success of the innovation we've got in the marketplace. So we're growing. We're gaining share. And in fact, 3 of our largest brands, Healthy Choice, Birds Eye Voila and Slim Jim, have posted double-digit growth for the past quarter in the scanner data with positive volumes despite price increases that are pretty meaningful. And I think that shows you that the consumers are concluding that these brands are, in fact, offering superior relative value versus things like other in-store alternatives or eating out.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up is just on some of those brands where maybe you've broken through some, what have been sort of key maybe historic pricing thresholds. Have you seen more elasticity in those items specifically, which -- or not, which maybe gives you a bit more of a forward look on how broader elasticity may play out for the company as more pricing flows through?
Sean Connolly: Yes. As I mentioned, Andrew, in my prepared remarks, we do scrutinize elasticities very carefully across all the domains. And what we continue to see in each of our 3 domains is very favorable patterns versus historical norms. And that's even after multiple waves of inflation and the follow-on pricing. Now if we were to experience additional waves of inflation, we absolutely would price again. But I would expect elasticities to remain favorable versus historical norms. And I think you got to think about the work that we've undertaken to modernize this portfolio over the last 7 years. It's a pretty massive transformation, a pretty incredible modernization. And it's working for consumers, and that's -- you see it in our share gains even as prices increases. And so that's kind of how we see things. Now the one other nuance that I will point out with respect to elasticities that I think gets overlooked a lot, and that is that elasticity effects in our portfolio anyway tend to wane as time goes on because consumers are adapting. So in light of the fact that we had waves of pricing, in any given window going forward, we might have older pricing where elasticities are waning, which can offset newer pricing that's been put in place where elasticities are first appearing. So there's a bit of an inherent hedge built in as time passes when you've got a broad portfolio and you've got multiple waves of pricing.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Dave, again, with the understanding that the situation is fluid, you're not ready to really talk about fiscal '23 yet. I just want to get a sense, just to build on your commentary about where you are hedged best guess, as things stand today, where might we expect your cost inflation to be at its worst in terms of general time of the year? And when might you anticipate pricing being at its peak? I know we can't be overly precise here. I just really want to get an idea of rough timing for these factors if you have that general sense for us.
Dave Marberger : Yes, Ken, the one opening comment I would make is there's nothing normal about the current environment. So if you just look at how [certainly](ph) we've had a 26% 2-year inflation stack in Q4. I've been in food for a long time, and I've never seen anything like that. So there's nothing normal right now. But having said that, we put out there, we attempted to try to quantify what we think the impact of the pricing lag on fiscal '22 is if we could price when we got hit with the inflation. And we walked through that, that's $0.30 to get us to $2.65. That is not guidance for next year, okay? What it is, is it's more of a pro forma kind of assessment of where our underlying profit is or our earnings power. When we look to '23, there are a lot of different items that we have to work through before we finalize our estimates. So what are those things? Well, obviously, we've taken a lot of pricing this year that we're going to wrap on. So we're going to have a big benefit next year because we're going to get a full year benefit of pricing. We're also going to have the full year wrap of inflation because inflation has been going up during the year, too. So we have to work through all those details. We have to update what our demand is going to look like based on elasticity estimates. Sean just articulated very well how we're seeing things now, and we have to continue to monitor that. The big thing is, and this is your question, what is our updated assessment of fiscal '23 inflation and any related pricing that may be necessary from that. So we're in the process of looking at all the markets. I answered the previous question that we're about 40% covered for '23 right now, but we're still working through that and assessing the markets. And the last piece that affects next year is updating our productivity estimates as the supply chain rebounds from all the operational challenges that we're dealing with in fiscal '22. So as you can appreciate, that -- there are a lot of big factors that are going to impact fiscal '23, so I can't really give you any specific numbers at this point. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color of how we're thinking about it.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Ken, I'll just add a couple of thoughts here. I just want to point out, we have not been and we will not be overly optimistic in terms of our inflation outlook. If you look back to what we were calling for at our last quarter in Q4, we called for 11% inflation, and that was on top of big inflation in Q4 last year. So specifically, we called for about a 20.5% 2-year stack on inflation in Q4 and thats a big number. And had it come in, we would have landed full year EPS this year at $2.50. So that's kind of been our posture. There was no way we could have called the 26% 2-year stack and the 16% Q4 inflation versus 11%. But we obviously -- now we've experienced it, and it will cause us to continue to be balanced in our outlook. And understandably, we've spent a lot of time talking inflation today, but I think an equally important topic is, in fact, the broad-based strength we're seeing in the portfolio. It is undoubtedly the by-product of 7 years of heavy lifting to modernize this business, and it matters a lot because it's given us the ability to take meaningful inflation-driven pricing, and it enabled us to maintain consumer loyalty even after taking price as evidenced by the modest elasticities we've experienced. So yes, we've experienced a lot of inflation, but we've also been aggressive in taking the justified actions to offset it. And I just looked at the scanner data for the week ending March 27 for 10 companies, us and 9 competitors, and what it shows is that versus 2 years ago in the most recent 4-week period, Conagra's price per unit change versus prior year ranked #1; and for the most recent 13-week period, we ranked #3; and for the most recent 52-week period, we ranked #4. So the actions we've taken are clear in the data. The consumer has also seen it, but their conclusion based on their purchase patterns remains the same, and that is that our portfolio is giving them superior relative value even after raising prices.
Ken Goldman: All of that makes great sense, and I really do appreciate the color. Dave, if I can just ask a quick follow-up just to something that you said. You talked about, I think, lapping some of the challenges you've had in terms of inefficiencies in fiscal '22. Is it reasonable to expect that beyond just the lapping, we should anticipate some incremental cost savings that are more long term in nature that you'll implement in 2023 and beyond, whether it's automation, anything along those lines that we could look forward to, perhaps, again, not quantifying just trying to get a qualitative sense.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Ken, we're going to actually talk about that quite a bit at our Investor Day on July 28. Ale joined us after a long illustrious career at Unilever. He is off to a fantastic start. Modernization of the supply chain in the food industry, I think, is a real opportunity going forward. So we've got exciting plans there, and we'll be sharing kind of how we see things here when we see you all at the Stock Exchange on July 28.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Maybe just a follow-up to just Ken's question just now. Dave, I think it was in the slides. It was Slide 32, where you've got the operating margin bridge and there's productivity net of operational offsets. Can you just kind of drill into that a little bit? How much of that -- does that at all include the benefit from lapping some of the inefficiencies from last year that Ken mentioned or the COVID-related costs? Just trying to understand what the pieces are inside that.
Dave Marberger : Yes. So just breaking it out, if you look at sourcing and productivity, that's about 400 basis points of tailwind, a positive. So our kind of supply chain inefficiencies. So with our output being down higher-than-expected absorption, fixed costs there and just labor disruptions and premiums we have to pay to kind of keep the manufacturing plants running and meeting demand and just everything that went through that, all those inefficiencies are netted in there. So that's about 250 basis points of a headwind to get to the 1.5%.
Bryan Spillane: So Dave, is the way to think about that because the prior year base would have had inefficiency -- I'm assuming, right, the prior year base had the -- I think you had called out last year, like inefficiencies related to COVID shutdowns. So like the gross to net here on productivity, as some of these things go away, will you actually capture more of the productivity intended or the gross productivity going forward without having to do anything else additionally?
Dave Marberger : Yes. So a lot of the productivity that we see, right, they're sourcing -- we capture 2 sort of elements of productivity, right? There's the sourcing, which is because we always quote inflation gross and then we're able to hedge and do other things to reduce some of that market cost. So that's an error. And then we have our core productivity programs. And what's happening is those programs, so driving favorable yields and all the different things that happen to drive productivity, people do those things, and there's projects that manage those things. Well, when you're short labor and it's all hands on deck to produce, you do -- that does disrupt your core productivity programs, right? So it almost can become a double whammy because you're not driving the savings and you have to pay additional costs just to get the right staff to be able to produce what you need. So it's hard to quote a number conceptually, I would say yes. But we also have to have stability with labor, right? We didn't know a quarter ago what the extent of Omicron was going to be. So there's just so many things that have happened that we haven't been able to predict. So assuming we don't have more of those things that we can get stability, we'll be able to get back to some of our core programs.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Just a follow-up on gross margins. It looks like fiscal '22 gross margins might be 300 basis points lower than that of fiscal '19. And your comments about the $0.30 of lag between price and inflation would imply something like 200 basis points of margin recovery if that lag would too narrow. And so I'm wondering, thinking about -- trying to think about the sort of the stacked performance of price versus inflation and how we could have that be that, perhaps that gross margin might narrow to as little as 100 basis points when you've had so much inflation. 26%, you said stacked inflation. You've had 10% price stacked currently, some more to come, but it's hard to believe that you get all the way up into the mid-20s. So I'm wondering, could you help us think about how you might be able to bridge to only 100 basis points of gross margin pressure if that lag narrows in '23.
Dave Marberger : Yes, David, that's -- it's tough right now for me to kind of get into that. I think -- we -- a lot of it comes down to what the additional inflation is going to be and what the additional pricing is going to be that we need. So as of now, we're taking significant pricing that will hit in Q1 from the inflation that we just saw. It's mostly in our frozen and snack business, and so that will be a significant benefit in Q1. If we get inflation rates that can get back to more moderate levels, then it's going to be able for us to expand our gross margin. And then as I mentioned previously, our productivity, how quickly can we bounce back to get more stabilized labor and get our productivity programs up to where they are historically. So there's just so many factors that we're still working through that I can't give you a precision right now on '23 margins.
David Palmer: Maybe just a follow-up. If you were to say identifying maybe 1 or 2 top factors or risks that you're thinking about as you're thinking about getting that margin recovery from the price versus inflation lag, maybe risks to that margin recovery, and it might not just be the price elasticity of demand, it might be some other things, what were some of the top risks that you see there?
Dave Marberger : I think it would be another year of excessive inflation on top of this year, which is 16%. That would be one because, as Sean mentioned earlier, once we get above a certain level, we price and there's a lag there, right, which impacts gross margin. The productivity programs that we have, can we get stability in our operations so that we can get back to driving more cost savings and be more efficient, get rid of some of the absorption on favorability that we've had, but it really depends on the stability of labor. So I feel like I'm talking about the same things that are impacting this year.  What we feel good about, David, is the pricing, the fact that the pricing we've taken this year, we're getting into market, the elasticities are favorable, and that's a really good sign. Like if you go back to the beginning of the year, you just look at our guidance to start the year, we had guided for organic net sales of flat, and we had said we think pricing -- we estimated pricing to be 3% to 4% and volume to be down 3% to 4% on that flat base. If you look at where we are now, with our guidance, we're looking at pricing for the year that's going to be about 7% and volume that's going to be down around 3%. So the volume estimate didn't change, and we've gotten twice the amount of pricing that we thought we were going to get. So that is obviously really important for this company as we move into '23 because we are able to price for inflation, and that's going to help us drive our margins. So it's all of those factors that I just mentioned are going to impact margins for next year.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And David, it's Sean, just to weigh in here. I'd like to think in terms of opportunities and risks, both sides of the coin because we are obviously always on the outlook for both. And on the opportunity side, I think -- the bottom line is the fundamentals of the business are incredibly strong. We've got strong organic growth. We've got very resonant innovation. We got great share gains. And importantly, we've got the ability, because of the work we've done in the portfolio to take these inflation-justified pricing actions, and the consumer is not responding negatively to that. So that is really on the opportunity side of the ledger. On the risk side of the ledger, as I try to explain today the mechanics of successive waves of inflation are such that, that means there are successive pricing actions and the corresponding lags that go with it. Those lags carry in window of time period risk. And then the other risk that we've talked about today as well that is on investors' minds as well is, "Hey, if you continue to have these waves of innovation, will elasticities at some point, go south and get worse?" And we don't see anything that is indicating that's the case. And in part, it's due to what I talked about on last quarter's call, which is the comparator set for these consumers as they're really assessing total value right now is not just an item versus what's to the left and the right of it on the shelf. It's the item versus what else they could buy. And when people are in the tough kind of negative outlook environment and they're looking to cut costs, they tend to switch out of the highest ticket items first. And that means we expect to continue to source a lot of our growth as we have been from people electing to eat in home instead of out-of-home. And that is one of the things that is favorably impacting our elasticities.
Operator: And the next question will be from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies.
RobDickerson: Great. It might be kind of an overly basic question, but I'm curious. So the operating margin guide for Q4 relative to Q3 is a little bit higher, right? But at the same time, you're speaking to higher cost inflation relative to what you had expected. There's incremental pricing forthcoming, we have been told that's coming until mostly Q1. So I'm just curious if you could provide some color as to like what does improve? It seems like even though albeit slightly, like what does improve kind of in that Q4 relative to Q3? That's the first question.
Dave Marberger : Yes, Rob, you'll see we had additional pricing that we took that does come into effect kind of midway through Q4. So that's going to help our gross margin versus prior year and versus prior quarter. As well as our SG&A and A&P combined, we're going to see some favorability there relative to prior year-end and Q3 as well.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Fair enough. And then I guess, just kind of broadly speaking, to step away from the consolation conversation is just portfolio positioning overall, right? So I mean, you continue to kind of speak to the stronger portfolio. You're investing in the brand, you need pricing power, would you say as you still kind of think on the go forward, let's say, the next 3 years that the role of your kind of staples part of the portfolio is still kind of viewed as positively today, maybe as it has been over the past 2 years, just kind of given all the benefits you saw with COVID? Or are there areas to kind of maybe increasingly focus the portfolio, just refrigerated frozen snacks, et cetera, kind of more on the growth side? And I would just leave it at that.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I'd say, Rob, over time, you've seen our portfolio has significantly increased in refrigerated and frozen and snacks relative to our staples business. That said, we've been very deliberate in being aggressive to reshape that staples business because there's a lot of good to get out of staples businesses overall. What we've done is we've identified the businesses within staples that are more commodity-like in nature, where we see more private label development and there's less pricing power, and we have divested those businesses. And what we're focused on in staples are think of staples as cooking ingredients and enhancers. And these can be incredibly high-margin businesses with very solid top line performance, if not growth potential. So we've got just gems in our staples business across that business like, PAM cooking spray and ROTEL and lots of other places where we've got extremely strong relative market share, extremely strong margins and a pretty nice top line. But we're just continuing to reshape that business because it does throw off a tremendous amount of cash that then becomes an engine for the growth and innovation that we've extracted out of frozen and refrigerated and out of snacks. So it plays an important role in the portfolio, not to mention to our customers, these are traffic builders, a lot of our staples products. So they're really important to our customers, and it helps us from a scale perspective, having some leverage when we're talking to these large retailers. So we'll continue to look at perpetually reshaping our portfolio for better growth and better margins. That's kind of what we do every day around here.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just had a quick question for you and a question, I think, for Sean, just around where you see the consumer today? We talked a lot about favorable levels of elasticity, there's some indication that private label is starting to pick up, for example, and maybe some trade down in certain categories. I just want to get a sense without going through every category certainly but from a high level, what you're seeing across your business in some of your key categories?
Sean Connolly: Yes. We -- first of all, Chris, overall, our portfolio under-indexes in terms of private label development versus food in general and a lot of our peers. In our 2 high-growth areas of frozen meals and snacks, we have very little private label development in some places not. So there's not a lot of interaction there. And what's important about that is a lot of the targeted pricing that we're taking in Q1 of next year to offset this Q4 inflation. It's very focused in frozen and refrigerated and in meat snacks. And so those are our very strongest businesses, very low private label development. So that, again, bodes very well. But in terms of private label overall, as I often tell you all, it's very category-specific. And what I look for or what I see when I see private label switching and interaction is, a, it tends to be a more commodity-oriented category. So think cooking oil, ibuprofen things like that, where the consumer is very smart. There are low switching costs. And if those spreads between the 2 brands get too wide, it's easy to switch. And so we don't have a lot of those categories. We did cooking oil, peanut butter liquid eggs. We've exited those businesses, and we don't -- we've got a couple, but we don't have a lot across the board. The other place where you see trading down and switching is when you have a very high ticket item, $15, $20 a purchase. We don't have a lot of those products in the portfolio. Actually, elsewhere in CPG, cleaning products, things like that, they can experience those trade-offs. Maybe the closest analogy for us is eating away from home. That's a high-ticket item. And that's where we've seen trading down, but instead of that trading down going to private label, we are the beneficiaries of that trading down and we'll take it.
Chris Growe: And just to be clear then, are you building in -- do you build in like increasing levels of elasticity across your business going forward just to be conservative or based on historical experience?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Our -- what we've done from the beginning is we -- initially, we kind of started modeling elasticity based on historical elasticities. We are not experiencing anything close to historical elasticity. So -- but we do bake in elasticities and we've got pretty good models now that are calling them pretty accurately, and we attach elasticities to each successive wave of pricing that we had to take, and we don't really model in the waning of elasticities on the older pricing that we've got, but we actually can see that in the marketplace. And that's a dynamic I've been seeing as long as I've been doing this. People do adapt to higher prices if you look over the last 50 years. Price of pretty much anything you buy has changed many times over.
Chris Growe: I had just one other quick question for Dave. On that chart where you show like the pro forma EPS and the $0.30 of -- from the impact of the pricing lag, I'm just trying to understand that number. Because the market inflation you cite on there is a $0.21 drag at the operating profit level. What's the difference between those 2? Is that -- were you unfavorably hedged? Is that the way to say it? Or I want to make sure I understand the difference between that $0.30 and maybe like the market inflation or even the profit there of negative $0.18.
Dave Marberger : Yes. So it's really 2 different things. The bridge -- the left part of that chart, Chris, is to get you from the $2.50 guidance to the $2.35 guidance. And that's everything we talked about. So it's the additional inflation that we've seen in proteins and transportation and then some upside relative to what we expected for Ardent. So that's just to give you a high-level bridge to the $2.35, which is our new call for the year. The $0.30 is just a pro forma concept to say, okay, in that $2.35, we were disadvantaged because we got hit with inflation in Q2, Q3, Q4, that we didn't get the benefit of pricing for. So what we did is we went -- when you looked at the pricing we actually took in each of those quarters and the pricing we expect in Q1 of next year. And we said, if we were able to do that 90 days sooner, net of the elasticity, so we do take out the volume decline, what would the pro forma EPS be on that, just to align that up. So it's just a timing thing of the pricing actions that we've taken in response to the inflation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bayle Ellis for any closing remarks.
Bayle Ellis: Great. Thank you. As a reminder, this call has been recorded as detailed in the press release issued today. The IR team is available for follow-up calls. So feel free to reach out. And thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-01-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Conagra Brands Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney from Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I will remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. With that, I will turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our results for the quarter, our updated outlook for the remainder of the year and why we believe that Conagra continues to be well-positioned for the future. I like to start by giving you some context for the quarter. First, as you all know, the external environment has continued to be highly dynamic, but our team remained extremely agile in the quarter and executed the Conagra Way playbook. We navigated the ongoing complexity and delivered strong net sales growth anchored in elevated consumer demand that continued to exceed our ability to supply inflation-driven pricing actions and lower-than-expected elasticities. While our net sales exceeded our expectations, margin pressure in the second quarter was also higher than expected driven by three key factors. First, while we anticipated elevated inflation during the second quarter, it was higher than our forecast. Second, we experienced some additional transitory supply chain costs related to the current environment. And third, in the face of elevated consumer demand that continue to outpace our ability to supply, we elected to make investments to service orders and maximize product availability for our consumers. We expect margins to improve in the second half of the fiscal year as a result of the levers we pulled and continue to pull to manage the impact of inflation. We will always look to our cost savings programs to offset input cost inflation. However, given the magnitude of the cost increases, our actions also include additional inflation-driven pricing. We communicated pricing to customers again in December. For the year, we are once again reaffirming our adjusted EPS outlook, but our path to achieve that guidance has evolved. We are increasing our organic net sales guidance based on stronger-than-expected consumer demand and lower-than-anticipated elasticities. We are also updating our margin guidance given the increase in our gross inflation expectations for the year and the timing of the related pricing actions. Taken together, we continue to believe that elevated consumer demand, coupled with additional pricing and cost savings actions will enable us to deliver adjusted diluted EPS of about $2.50. So with that as the backdrop, lets jump into the agenda for todays call. We will start with an overview of the quarter before going into more detail on our outlook for the second half of the fiscal year. I will also share some of our thoughts on the structural changes we are seeing in consumer behavior, particularly with younger consumers. We believe these changes are further evidence in the long-term potential of Conagra Brands. Lets dig into the quarter. As you can see on slide seven, our team delivered solid Q2 results. On a two-year CAGR basis, organic net sales for the second quarter increased by more than 5% and adjusted EPS grew by nearly 1%. As I noted earlier, we delivered these results in the face of a highly dynamic and challenging operating environment. Input cost inflation came in higher than expected in the quarter. In addition, we made some strategic decisions to service the heightened consumer demand we continue to experience. As the entire industry incurred transitory costs associated with labor shortages, supply issues on material and transportation costs and congestion challenges during our Q2, we chose to invest in our supply chain and service orders. This deliberate decision ensured we could deliver food to our customers and consumers, especially during the holiday season. Maintaining physical availability is an important part of building trust with customers and maintaining consumer loyalty. The bottomline is that amid the supply disruptions seen across the industry, we remain focused on building for the long-term. While the net result of these factors was a negative impact on our margins during the quarter, we are confident that our purposeful approach better positions our portfolio for the future. I want to take this opportunity to thank our tremendous supply chain team. They have been resilient in navigating this environment, allowing us to remain agile and deliver for our customers and consumers. I continue to be impressed by our teams commitment and I am grateful for their ongoing dedication. Looking at slide 10, you can see that our strong performance in the second quarter was broad based. Total Conagra retail sales were up 14.8% on a two-year basis in the quarter, with double-digit growth in each of our domestic retail domains; frozen, snacks and staples. Household penetration was also up this quarter, building upon the significant number of new consumers we have acquired over the past two years. Total Conagra household penetration was up 59 basis points on a two-year basis and our category share increased 41 basis points. In addition to increasing household penetration and acquiring new consumers, we are retaining our existing consumers as demonstrated by our repeat rates. Shoppers continue to discover our incredible products and their tremendous value proposition. As the chart on the right of slide 11 shows, our consumers keep coming back for more. As we execute our Conagra Way playbook, innovation remains a key to our success across the portfolio in Q2. Slide 12 highlights the impact of our disciplined approach to delivering new products and modernizing our portfolio. During the second quarter, our innovation outperformed the strong results we delivered in the year ago period. We continue to invest in new product quality and in supporting our innovation launches with deeper, more meaningful consumer connections. Once again, our innovation rose to the top of the pack in several key categories, including snacks, sweet treats, sauces and marinades, and frozen vegetables. Slide 13 demonstrates how our ongoing investments in e-commerce continued to yield strong results. We again delivered strong quarterly growth in our $1 billion e-commerce business and e-commerce accounted for a larger percentage of our overall retail sales than our peers. We outpaced the entire total edible category in terms of e-commerce retail sales growth during the second quarter, just as we did in the first quarter of 2022 and throughout fiscal 2021. As we mentioned earlier, our strong net sales growth was driven by elevated consumer demand, favorable elasticities, and inflation-driven pricing actions. On slide 14, you can see the extent of our pricing actions in the first half of the fiscal year. During this period, our on-shelf prices rose across all three domestic retail domains, and as Dave will discuss shortly, the pricing flows through the P&L. As you can see on slide 15, price elasticity has been fairly low. Its been favorable to our expectations. Consumers continue to see the tremendous value of our products relative to other food options, a concept I will elaborate on in a few minutes. Now lets turn to the path ahead. You can see on slide 17, we currently expect gross inflation to be approximately 14% for fiscal 2022, compared to the approximately 11% we anticipated at the time of our first quarter call. This is a large increase and we are taking actions to offset the increase, while still investing in the long-term health of our business. Help manage our increasing inflation, we are taking incremental pricing actions, including list price increases and modified merchandising plans. Many of these actions have already been announced to our customers. As a reminder, there is a lag in timing between the impact of inflation and our ability to execute pricing adjustments based on that inflation. As a result, the incremental price increases will go into effect in the second half of the year, with the most significant impact during the fourth quarter. While its easy to get caught up in the quarter-to-quarter impact of inflation and pricing, its important to keep focused on the big picture. The long-term success of our business is driven by how consumers, particularly younger consumers respond to our products. And when you take a step back to evaluate the broader environment and how our portfolio delivers against the needs of the modern consumer, we believe that Conagra is uniquely positioned for the future. As we have detailed many times before, Conagras on-trend portfolio filled with modern food attributes is winning with younger consumers and our confidence is underpinned by the many changes we are seeing in consumer behavior that are proving to be structural, especially given that these changes are driven by younger consumers that represent the most significant opportunity for long-term value creation. Younger consumers represent a large and growing part of the U.S. population, and they want to optimize the value that they get for the money they spend on food. A large part of optimizing their food spending includes shifting more dollars from eating away from home, eating at-home. As they make that trade, they are choosing national brands and we believe Conagra is ideally positioned to experience an outsized benefit from these behaviors, given the relationship our brands are forming with younger consumers. Overall, Conagra is delivering superior relative value to consumers compared to both away from home options and store brands. Lets take a closer look at these trends, starting with the population changes. Slide 20 highlights the demographic shift underway in the U.S. Millennial and Gen Z consumers are a large and growing cohort. These consumers are starting to settle down, buy homes and start families. As we presented in the past, when people enter the family formation phase, they increase the amount of food they eat at-home with an outsized increase in the consumption of frozen foods. And what we find particularly important about reaching millennial and Gen Z consumers is that we believe they will remain more value focused than their predecessors. First, lets talk about the near-term. As you can see in the chart on the left, millennial and Gen Z consumers are earlier in their careers and earning less than the older generations of working age people. This is natural. But it bodes well for food at-home trends in the shorter term. We believe that even as food service bounces back, younger consumers will be value conscious in their food choices. Fewer younger consumers are expected to achieve the financial success of the generations before them. The data on the right suggests that millennials are more likely to earn less than their parents. We believe this means that these savvy consumers will look to stretch their food dollars further even as they age. The data also shows that younger consumers are already eating more at-home. Compared to the population as a whole, Gen Z and millennials have decreased restaurant visits more and sourced a larger percentage of their meals at-home. As these younger consumers have made the shift at-home eating, the data shows that they are finding comfort in the quality, reliability and familiarity that national brands provide. We believe this makes a lot of sense. National brands provide value, while replicating many of the on-trend flavors and modern food attributes that consumers are used to experiencing in away-from-home dining. When consumers make trades like away-from-home to in-home eating trust is paramount. In short, national brands, particularly modernized brands, like those in our portfolio, deliver on this trust imperative and thats because they offer superior relative value versus other food options. As consumers seek to stretch their household balance sheets in the face of broad based inflation, one of the single largest levers available to them is the reduction in spending on food away-from-home, as food away-from-home prices are typically over 3.5 times more expensive than food at-home prices. This trade will likely become even more important for consumers as food away-from-home prices have already increased faster than at-home prices in calendar 2021 and they are expected to increase at nearly twice the rate as at-home prices in calendar year 2022. Our aggressive modernization of the Conagra portfolio over the past several years has put us in a strong position to capitalize on these structural shifts. Our portfolio has shown its competitive advantage, with excellent trial, depth of repeat and share gain performance. Overall, we believe Conagra is well-positioned to leverage these shifts to create meaningful value for shareholders. And slide 25 shows you the data to support our claim, Conagra is attracting more younger consumers than our peers and getting them to repeat at more attractive rates. By appealing to younger consumers now, we are building superior consumer lifetime value. Importantly, the data shows that these new younger buyers are stickier across our portfolio. We believe this comes back to the investments we have made and continue to make in our products and our brands. The Conagra Way has positioned us to win. As I discussed earlier, we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $2.50 for the full year, with a few updates on how we expect to get there. We are increasing our organic net sales guidance to be approximately plus 3%, up from approximately 1%. We are slightly adjusting our adjusted operating margin guidance to approximately 15.5%, down from approximately 16% and we are updating our gross inflation guidance to about 14%, up from approximately 11%. Now that I have highlighted our performance for the quarter and strong positioning for the future, I will turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everybody. I will start by going over some highlights from the quarter shown on slide 28. As Sean mentioned earlier, there were a number of factors that influenced our results this quarter. First, we were encouraged to see that consumer demand for our products remain strong; and second, elasticities were better than anticipated. However, we also continued to see inflation rise across a number of key inputs and the dynamic macro environment created challenging conditions for the supply chain. The team remained agile in response to these dynamics, including the decision to make additional investments during the quarter to meet the elevated demand and maximize the food supply to our consumers. Overall, our actions favorably impacted our topline during the quarter, with organic net sales up 2.6% compared to the year ago period. An important part of the topline success we have realized throughout the pandemic is our ongoing commitment to the Conagra Way. We have remained focused on building and maintaining strong brands across the portfolio. We continue these efforts in the second quarter with continued product innovation and by further increasing our spending on advertising and promotion, primarily focusing on e-commerce investments. We show a breakdown of our net sales on slide 29. The 4.2% decline in volume was primarily due to the lapping of the prior years surge in demand during an earlier stage in the COVID-19 pandemic, as volume increased approximately 1% on a two-year CAGR. The second quarter volume decline was more than offset by the very favorable impact of brand mix and inflation driven pricing actions we realized this quarter, driving an overall organic net sales growth of 2.6%. On last quarters call, we noted that the domestic retail pricing actions were just starting to be reflected on shelves at the end of the first quarter. Those increases were reflected in our P&L this quarter, driving the 6.8% increase in price mix. The divestitures of our H.K. Anderson business, the Peter Pan peanut butter business and the Egg Beaters business resulted in a 70-basis-point decline and foreign exchange drove a 20-basis-point benefit. Together, all these factors contributed to a 2.1% increase in total Conagra net sales for the quarter compared to a year ago. Slide 30 shows our net sales summary by segment both on a year-over-year and on a two-year compounded basis. As you can see, we continue to deliver strong two-year compounded net sales growth in each of our three retail segments, which resulted in a two-year compounded organic net sales growth of 5.3% for the total company. You can see the puts and takes of our operating margin on slide 31. We drove a 6.2-percentage-point benefit from improved price mix, supply chain realize productivity, cost synergies associated with the Pinnacle Foods acquisition and lower pandemic-related expenses. Netted within the 6.2% are the additional investments we made to service orders and maximize product availability. These investments reflect the dynamic environment and actions we have taken to respond to it. This includes decisions to utilize more third-party transportation and warehousing vendors for some of our frozen products, incurring incremental cost to move product around our distribution network to better align with customer order patterns and delaying a plant consolidation productivity program to maximize current production. The 6.2% also includes transitory supply chain costs, such as higher inventory write-offs and increased overtime to support operations. The 6.2-percentage-point benefit was more than offset by an inflation headwind of 11-percentage-point. The second quarter gross inflation rate of 16.4% of cost of goods sold was approximately 100 basis points or $20 million higher than expected, driven by higher than anticipated increases in proteins and transportation, which are both difficult to hedge. The combination of the favorable margin levers, our choice for supply chain investments and inflation headwinds resulted in adjusted gross margin declining by 483 basis points. Our operating margin was further impacted by 20 basis points due to our increased A&P investment during the quarter as I mentioned earlier. You can see how these elevated costs impacted each of our reporting segments on slide 32. While each segment was impacted, our Refrigerated & Frozen segment was impacted the most, with adjusted operating margin down 707 basis points, primarily due to outsized materials inflation and the additional investment incurred to service orders and get food delivered to consumers. We are confident that we will improve overall operating margins in the second half as we execute our additional pricing actions to offset the higher inflation rates. As you can see on slide 33, our second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.64 was heavily impacted by the input cost inflation across our portfolio. Even though the benefits of our first quarter pricing flowed through the P&L this quarter, the incremental inflation we incurred in the second quarter created an additional headwind. In response, we announced additional pricing to customers in early Q3 during December. Although we have yet another lag before this pricing benefits the P&L, we expect to realize benefits from these pricing actions in late Q3 with most of the impact in Q4. Also, our Ardent Mills joint venture had another good quarter and delivered EPS benefit versus the prior year. We realize lower net interest expense and a slightly lower average diluted share count due to our share repurchases in prior quarters. Turning to slide 34, I want to unpack how Q2 adjusted EPS landed versus our expectations. Our second quarter adjusted EPS came in lower than we originally had anticipated due to two main factors. First, as previously mentioned, inflation came in higher by approximately 100 basis points of cost of goods sold were approximately $0.02 to $0.03 of EPS. While we have announced additional pricing actions for the second half to offset the incremental inflation, the timing of these benefits is naturally lagging behind the higher inflation. Second, the cost we elected to incur to service orders, coupled with the additional transitory supply chain costs I described earlier, lead to another $0.02 to $0.03 impact on our adjusted EPS. We are forecasting these service and transitory cost dynamics to improve as the second half progresses. Looking at slide 35, we ended the quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.3 times, which is in line with the seasonal increase in leverage expected for the second quarter. We expect to generate strong free cash flow in the second half of the fiscal year and expect to end the year with a net leverage ratio of approximately 3.7 times to 3.8 times. We remain committed to a longer term net leverage target of approximately 3.5 times and to maintaining an investment grade credit rating. I want to close today by reviewing the factors driving the updated guidance we issued this morning, which is shown here on slide 36. I will start by saying that we remain confident in our ability to achieve approximately $2.50 in adjusted EPS for the full fiscal year. As the macro environment continues to be very dynamic, our expectations for the path to achieve that target have shifted. We are increasing our organic net sales growth guidance to approximately 3% to reflect our stronger than expected performance year-to-date, as well as our incremental pricing actions in the second half. We are lowering our adjusted operating margin guidance to approximately 15.5%. We expect the incremental sales and pricing actions in the second half to offset the dollar impact of the incremental net inflation and other supply chain costs. We have increased our gross inflation expectations to approximately 14%, largely driven by higher estimated costs versus the previous estimate for proteins, transportation, dairy and resin. We will continue to monitor these input costs closely and we will be quick to respond using all available margin levers. As Sean detailed, price elasticity has been favorable to our expectations so far. As we have explained previously, there is a lag in timing between when we experience inflation take actions including pricing to offset the dollar impact of the inflation and when we see those actions flow through our financial results. With respect to the additional pricing actions, we have announced for the second half of fiscal 2022, we expect to realize a small amount late in the third quarter and the full benefits from these price increases in the fourth quarter. We therefore expect our third quarter margins to be roughly in line with second quarter margins, with an increase in operating margins in Q4, as the pricing catches up with inflation and the impact of the lag is reduced. Our guidance also assumes that the end-to-end supply chain will continue to operate effectively as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. Before turning it over to the operator for Q&A, I would like to reiterate that our results this quarter and throughout the pandemic have reflected our ability to consistently deliver superior relative value to our consumers. Our confidence and our ability to reach our earnings goal is based on the strength of our business at its core to manufacture and deliver foods that people enjoy. That concludes my prepared remarks today. Thank you for listening. I will now hand it back to the Operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Todays first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning and happy New Year everybody.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Dave Marberger: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hey. Two questions for me, if I could. First, maybe Sean, you mentioned several times that elasticities remain sort of below expectations than maybe what you have seen historically, and I realize there are a lot of dynamics at play that that lead to that. I am trying to get a sense of what you are building into sort of back half guidance along these lines in terms of elasticity, just given more pricing is obviously set to keep rolling in as you have talked about. And just some of your expectation taking into account the potential fading of some government stimulus and how does that play a role again and how you think about elasticity? And then I have just got a follow up for Dave.
Sean Connolly: Right. Sure, Andrew. Let me hit that elasticities and stimulus. Id say, our year-to-go outlook takes into consideration everything that we have seen in the marketplace to-date as well as our planned pricing and merchandising actions in the year-to-go period. I will tell you that I see with respect to elasticities a major difference in the marketplace today in terms of how consumers are assessing value versus what I have historically seen in the past. Previously, a consumers comparison of choices was between close proximity items inside the grocery store. Today, due to the demographic dynamics I talked about around young consumers home nesting, as well as the huge move to working from home, the biggest comparison taking place from a value standpoint is between away-from-home choices and at-home choices. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the consumer is showing us that modernized national brands like ours are offering superior relative value and thats having a positive impact on elasticities that we expect to continue, but we have factored in our year-to-go actions. In terms of reduced stimulus payments particularly SNAP, the short answer is we dont believe that the eventual end to the emergency allotments in the SNAP program is going to create a material headwind to our business, and fundamentally it comes back to that superior relative value of our portfolio versus alternatives. But let me unpack this one a bit because I know its been kind of a hot topic. Since the start of the pandemic, consumers were actually able to reduce their overall food spending significantly and that reduction was driven by the mix shift from higher priced food away-from-home to lower priced food at-home, and at the same time, that consumers have been able to save money on food because of that shift to food at-home, many have also been receiving these COVID-related stimulus payments on multiple fronts, including for some higher SNAP benefits. Now as this one component of consumer cash flow changes, that is as the emergency allotments in the SNAP program sunset, we are not seeing and we dont expect to see a meaningful shift away from the newly created behaviors we talked about around eating national brands at home. There are a few things that I think you need to keep in mind here. First, the reduction in SNAP dollars in the total ecosystem is already happening as a slow peeling back. Its not a cliff. Now to that point, the number of individuals receiving any SNAP benefits today has been declining versus pandemic highs already and individual states are ending waivers and emergency allotments on their own schedules. Its not a one-time event. Second, Id say recent permanent changes to the SNAP program have actually raised core continuing SNAP benefits to a level that is higher than pre-pandemic. So the core SNAP consumer who has also benefited from other stimulus is going to have higher SNAP budget coming out of the pandemic than they did pre-pandemic. And then, third, the USDA forecast that food away-from-home prices are going to rise faster than food at-home prices and that maintains the value proposition of food at-home for consumers. And then, finally, Id just say, and perhaps, most importantly, the early data does not show that as SNAP benefits and consumer behavior changes relative to food at-home. We are, as you can imagine, closely watching the states where emergency allotments have already ended and we have not yet seen a significant change in consumers purchases of packaged foods. And that we believe is, because as I said, our brands are offering superior relative value versus both away-from-home alternatives and store brands, especially given the huge move to working from home.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you for that. That was a very helpful perspective. And then just a quick one for Dave, and my sense is you will get a lot questions along these lines, Dave. But, obviously, given your expectations that you just talked about in terms of margins for 3Q, I think, theres some 150 basis points, 200 basis points sort of below maybe where consensus was looking for, and I get it its a timing lag around pricing coming through and impacting 4Q more significantly and then some of these incremental costs starting to sort of fade a little as the year goes on. So, I guess the question is, it puts obviously a lot more pressure on 4Q to kind of deliver the year. I guess are you -- would it be your sense that you are building in some level of flexibility to that based on what it requires in 4Q, and I guess whats your level of visibility to that at this stage given it does seem like its more 4Q loaded. So, its a broader question, but you sort of get where I am coming from. Thanks so much.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. No. And you summarized it well, Andrew. Let me try to walk through it, so I can kind of hit the kind of the big puts and takes. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we expect Q3 operating margins to be roughly in line with Q2 margins and then Q4 margins up. If you look at the puts and takes from Q2 to Q3, we have increased our total inflation estimate for the year from 11% to 14%, so now we expect second half inflation to approximate 11.5%, and thats off of a prior year inflation that was about 6.5%. We also expect that some of the additional costs we incurred in the second quarter to support shipments and getting product to consumers will continue into the third quarter given the continued challenges in supply chain. We are forecasting that this complexity will gradually improve as we approach Q4 and the March timeframe. The additional pricing actions, which are critical, we announced in December and they were accepted and we have a small impact in Q3 given the timing, but we will have a much bigger impact on Q4 from the pricing. So the pricing has been announced, its been accepted and we have very good visibility to that for forecasting purposes. So Q4 will benefit meaningfully from these pricing actions. We expect price/mix to approximate 10% in the fourth quarter as we will start to catch up with the inflation and the reduced pricing lag that impacted us through the first half and will impact Q3. Q4, as you mentioned, will also benefit from the decline in incremental cost to support shipments that I just referenced, as well as a decline in some of the transitory costs that hit us in Q2 as well. So its important to note that, although we expect meaningful improvement in Q4, we are still forecasting higher inflation, as I mentioned. So if you look at our cost per unit of volume, we expect that to continue to increase and H2 before being offset by the pricing and Q4.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much. Dave, I just wanted to clarify, when you said to expect 3Qs margin to be roughly in line with 2Qs margin, is this comment solely about the operating margin or should that roughly apply to the gross margin as well?
Dave Marberger: I was commenting on the operating margin, but thats driven by the gross margin.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then I wanted to clarify, you mentioned inventory write-offs, I think, I heard and higher overtime expenses as maybe some of the examples of 2Qs non-recurring challenges. I guess, number one, can you elaborate a bit, if I did hear that right, on what the write-offs were. And can you also talk a little bit about labor availability over the last couple of weeks, maybe as Omicron has started to affect more people and how much of that risk is baked into your guidance as well?
Sean Connolly: All right, Ken, its Sean. Let me start with the back piece, because I know thats also a hot topic and you wrote about it the other day, which is absenteeism. And what Id say there is, I told my team back in July, the word of the year this year is perseverance and that has certainly proven to be true. We faced a number of factors that have converged to create a persistently challenging operating environment, things like sustained elevated demand alongside a protracted pandemic and a strained supply chain and acute inflation. But against that backdrop, Id say our team has done a remarkable job persevering and doing everything possible to keep our food in consumers hands, particularly in Q2, which is our largest volume quarter. But to your point, clearly, its not perfect yet, and I think, its entirely reasonable for all of us to project that the next month or so could remain strained within the supply chain as Omicron runs its course. But Id say we will persevere through that too, but as you saw in Q2 and you referenced some of the things, not at normal efficiency which is a factor as to why margins in Q3 are expected to be similar to what we put up in Q2. But we will persevere, because keep in mind, that Q3 is a smaller quarter volumetrically than Q2, call it, 5% to 10% less volume on average. We also have a geographically diversified manufacturing footprint across our plants and those of our co-packers. We dont have like one big mega plant. And as we saw early in COVID, there are steps we can take to maximize line efficiencies and throughput, things like SKU simplification, et cetera. And as I mentioned earlier, we have already tightened up our merchandising activity in year-to-go period. So collectively, these things should help ease the impact of Omicron driven absenteeism. And importantly, as you highlighted in your note from Tuesday, theres good reason to believe that, that challenge will be short lived. So Id say to sum up, the team is staying agile and as we move beyond Q3 and into Q4, clearly we see opportunity. We will begin to wrap the onset of input cost inflation, our most recent pricing actions will be rolling into market and Omicron-driven absenteeism should be diminished, and all of that positions us to deliver meaningful improvement in multiple metrics as we go into the final quarter. Dave?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So let me get the first part of your question, Ken. So, yeah, we were impacted $0.02 to $0.03 in the quarter from incremental transitory costs and that included higher overtime across all of our supply chain operations, given the labor challenges and higher inventory write-offs. Regarding the inventory, in this environment, its no secret the end-to-end supply chain has been strained. We are moving fast to meet demand as are our suppliers. So our food safety and quality standards are the highest priority for this company and include product from suppliers that we use as well. We have thorough processes for ensuring that the raw materials and finished goods meet our standards before they are utilized, and if not, we write them off. And thats what happened in Q2, we do believe that this impact is transitory in nature as we move into the third quarter. So we always have some level of inventory write-offs, but this was higher than we expected for those reasons.
Ken Goldman: And the messaging just to wrap it up is not a demand driven write-off, its a supply chain driven issue?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Absolutely
Ken Goldman: I mean, demand is for that
Dave Marberger: Yeah. You are correct.
Ken Goldman: Is that
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Supply chain is a complex thing
Ken Goldman: Yeah.
Dave Marberger:  and there are multiple facets and we each have run into challenges, it tends to have a bit of a compound effect and this is the kind of friction that you see during those kind of transitory windows.
Ken Goldman: Very clear. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Bryan Spillane at BoA. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. Just two quick ones for me. Maybe the first, Dave, can you give us a little bit of help with some color on some of the below the operating profit line items for the balance of the year or for the full year? I think interest expense consensus is around $3.80. Equity income, I guess, with Ardent Mills, its a -- theres some tailwinds there. So maybe that will be up. Just -- and also the tax rate, if you could just kind of help us a little bit in terms of how we should be thinking about the below the operating profit line for the full year?
Dave Marberger: Sure. I think on the interest expense, I think, that number is in line, the number that you quoted the $3.80. Ardent, we had benefit in the quarter, which you saw and we expect to continue to have benefits. So we see upside in Ardent and that contributes to our EPS, call it, $2.50. So we have upside in Ardent year-to-go. And the tax rate should be in line with the 23% guide that we have. We are a little favorable this quarter slightly, but thats the right rate to use.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Sean, just as we are -- as you are in this inflationary period, and I think, you mentioned maybe in response to one of the questions, just adjusting merchandising. Pre-COVID there was more of an emphasis to spend, I guess, above the sales line, because that was kind of where the bang for the buck was. And now it seems like if theres not a real incentive to do that here, are you shifting more of that spend into A&P and is that sort of going to be an ongoing thing, especially as we are kind of in this inflationary environment?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I would not think of it that way, Bryan. The money that is spent in brand building above the line, theres all kinds of investments in there. Traditional merchandising is one of them. My comments in the prepared remarks today were basically about not being as aggressive as we typically would on normal in-store merchandising. And so that piece of it, we have been very consistent on since the part -- start of the pandemic, because it just doesnt make sense to stimulate excess demand when you are already having trouble servicing the demand you have got. The other investments that we make above the line have been robust for several years now and that wont change, because thats where we get to some of the best ROI we get in brand building. Its everything from investing in COGS for all into product innovation and packaging innovation we do, to investing with our customers to get the right merchandise, to get the right physical placement on the shelf in terms of getting our new items in the store, getting the right kind of support in store, investing with our customers on things like sampling and in-store theater. So those investments are really brand-building investments, and those have continued strong. The piece of the above the line that I was referring to was exclusively that merchandising piece. And then, with respect to the A&P being up in the quarter, that as I have said before, can change any given quarter depending upon what our innovation agenda is. We have a new item hitting in the marketplace that we want a spotlight and A&P is the right way to go, particularly in e-commerce, which we continue to drive, we will put that money there. So that will move around quarter-to-quarter, but no philosophical changes in the way we spend.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks for that Sean. Happy New Year, guys.
Sean Connolly: Yeah.
Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from David Palmer at Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Question on slide 31, you have that 620-basis-point benefit from productivity, hedging price, mix and other. I just would love to dig into that a little bit. You have pricing of 680 basis points and I would imagine you might have a few hundred basis points of productivity and some hedging benefits. So that number could be seen as low, but obviously, theres some headwinds in there. Could you dig into that and maybe give a sense of the headwinds offsetting what might be significant benefits of pricing and productivity?
Dave Marberger: Sure. David, let me give you a kind of a high level bridge. So we clearly had the benefit of pricing. We always combine price/mix, right? So we did have unfavorable mix in the quarter. Primary driver of that is because our away-from-home segment was up 15% and thats a lower margin segment. So you get the unfavorable segment mix there and there is some unfavorable brand mix embedded in the business, but away-from-home is the big driver there. You are right, we have productivity and sourcing combined. We had over 500 basis points of favorability there or improvement. But then the additional supply chain costs that we incurred that I went through plus absorption hit us because volumes were down. We had forecasted that, but thats in those numbers. So thats a headwind for the additional supply chain costs outside of inflation, which we show separately. So thats a high-level bridge to get you to the 620 basis points.
David Palmer: And then as you are looking through the rest of the year, can you give us a sense even directionally about some of those line items, how you are thinking about, I mean, it sounds like we are going to get some more pricing benefit, perhaps, how you are thinking about the cadence and the directions of those items on gross margins?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So from a price/mix perspective, we are estimating price/mix now will be approximately 6% for the year. So Q3 should be in line with Q2, and as I mentioned, Q4 price/mix, we expect to be at about 10%. So, clearly, theres a benefit there. We continue to expect our productivity to click along as its done both our core productivity and our sourcing benefit. So that will continue to track. We laid out the inflation and kind of what that looks like. So they are really the key drivers and then, as I mentioned, David, the cost we got hit with in Q2, the transitory costs, we really expect those to start to go down in Q3 and into Q4. And then some of the incremental cost to support selling and getting product on shelves, that will continue through Q3 and then we expect that to decline in Q4. So thats a high level kind of bridge there.
David Palmer: And I will stop here, but the supply chain friction costs, whether those you are really calling them transitory or another, but you can see that during COVID theres a lot of these costs. How much of that would you estimate is in the fiscal 2022 gross margins that you are anticipating overall? How much of the supply chain, you call it, COVID era friction costs, do you think are weighing on that 15.5% overall margin?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. David, let me get back to you on that, because there are so many different components of cost. I want to go through that to make sure that I classify it right.
David Palmer: Yeah.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. The things are on the move clearly, David, and we can see it. Some things had begun to improve more recently and then you got Omicron comes in. So things are still moving in terms of multiple things going in different directions. But we do see some of these friction points improving based on our best available information right now as we kind of move out of Q3 and into Q4 and thats important -- thats part of what helps the gross margin piece improve in Q4. But theres more to it than that in terms of gross margin recovery in the fourth quarter, and frankly, beyond the fourth quarter. And Id come back to the big picture, which is the key to navigating these acute inflationary cycles is two things, A, brands that resonate with consumers, and B, perseverance. Because the former enables implementation of inflation driven pricing and a benign consumer response to that pricing, we have both of those things in place and thats critically important for this company. The latter perseverance is an important reminder that once you wrap acute inflation with pricing in place and strong demand material improvements, they can come pretty quickly and so sharp inflections are fairly common when these two things are in place, pricing and benign consumer response. And all the data we have suggests that consumers particularly our younger ones are seeing our products as being in that value sweet spot between away-from-home and store brands, and its driven by demographic dynamics and a huge move to working from home. So all of that says, we are coming to kind of the end of this really challenging period as we kind of get into Q4 and thats a good setup on the other side.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jonathan Feeney at Consumer Edge. Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much. A couple of questions, first, a detailed one, if I look at the bridge between measured pricing, what appears to be, you could weight things across the months differently. But it looks like about 9 and your realized price/ mix was about 6, 8, like I realize scanner doesnt cover everything. But if you could comment, Dave, particularly on any of the big buckets of things that affect that lag? I am particularly concerned about whether it is the case that retailers maybe are margining up on some -- on this pricing environment? And maybe a related question would be, broadly, Sean, you mentioned several times elasticities are low, thats clearly the case. Utilization is high, you cant even make enough things for the consumers demand you know is there. What -- big picture like, what is preventing maybe as an industry or an ever detail you are comfortable getting into, what is preventing pricing from getting through, because its been a while now? Just any comments you have on that. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Well, I would just say that I think the pricing is getting through. We have certainly been very upfront with our customers about the true cost inflation we are experiencing and what we believe is the justified action or in this case, actions -- consecutive actions to take price. And different -- we dont control what customers do with the price they put on shelf. But Id say, on average, they tend to pass it through pretty close to the way we pass it through to them. There may be some that take a small margin grab, equally there may be some that compress because they want to gain market share. So it tends to come out in awash and it tends to be pretty much in lockstep. But what I would say is keep following the scanner data, because we anticipate that the pricing actions that we take are going to show up in that scanner data. Its unfolded thus far, Jon, pretty consistently with what we expected.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Jon, I would just say to my previous point, mix does impact that 6, 8 number. So we had some negative mix in the quarter.
Jonathan Feeney: I got you. Thank you. And Sean, yeah, thats clear you are exiting the quarter with much stronger pricing at scanner. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, there guys. Happy New Year. A couple of questions. I think your forecast says that you expect these transitory costs to dissipate in the second half of your fiscal year. But did you experience them in December and in January in your fiscal third quarter, because I would imagine absenteeism and these issues would have continued. Are you experiencing it now in the third quarter? And then the second question I had is, I look at whats changed in your -- in my model anyway, is it looks like you raised your pricing guidance for the year, but you didnt really change your volume guidance for the year. And I know you have talked through your confidence in the elasticity and all that, but when pricing gets up to 10% in the May quarter, I mean, thats a significant change for what consumers are going to see and you are also going to have an Omicron wave thats going to be fast and dissipate quickly. So you might have consumers relieved that it was mild and quick and may go back to restaurant eating faster than you think. So am I correct that you didnt change any volume estimates for the year in relation to price?
Sean Connolly: Let me comment on the first piece is the, in terms of Q3, as I mentioned in my response to Ken a little bit ago, we dont expect Q3 to operated off, what I will call, normal efficiency. And Dave talked about some of the transitory expenses in Q2 that we were willing to incur, because we were determined to get as many boxes of product as we could in the consumers hands and so thats an inefficiency. And that -- there are a variety of things that created that in Q2, we think some of that dynamic will persist in Q3. Although, it might look differently, it might be more Omicron-driven absenteeism for the first, whatever its going to be six weeks, seven weeks of Q3 and less of something else where we have seen improvements already taking place. So thats what I was referring to earlier when I said some things are already improving, then you had other things a bit of whack-a-mole that start to create a bit of a headwind like the Omicron absenteeism. But when you put it all together on that piece of it, Id say, will persevere, thats why we expect volumes -- we are still focused on getting as much volume as we can out in Q3 even if it comes at less efficiency than what we normally expect. And then as we exit Q3 and go into Q4, we expect some of those friction points will diminish. I think its reasonable to expect them to diminish. And then as we wrap pricing, thats when you start to see the meaningful margin expansion. In terms of sales, Dave, I know you got some comments here for Rob. But I -- Rob, one thing I want to keep coming back to here is, the calculus on how the consumer determines value. Historically, it might be widget A versus widget B side-by-side on the shelf and if you see a $0.20 increase, it translates to meaningful elasticity. Thats not the comparator today. The comparator today is we are selling a product that might have been $2.69 and it might go up to $2.89 or something like that versus the alternative is to go away-from-home where prices have increased even faster and its $14.50. We are clearly a superior value proposition versus that and that is what the consumer is seeing. And part of that is being aided by the fact that they are working at home. A lot of these consumers are working at home now. They are not working in the office. So theres more structural stuff at play here than you would typically see and thats why we believe we have seen very little elasticity. We have seen some, but much lower than historical to-date and we dont see a whole lot of reasons thats going to change materially going forward. Dave, did you want to add on that?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Just on the transitory costs, the piece thats inventory related, Rob, that I discussed earlier, we do see that as transitory as we get into the third quarter, so that will come down. And then volume, our internal forecast, our volume declines -- our volume has declined a little bit in our internal forecast. Its not significant, but it is down. And as Sean said, the way we do this is we go brand-by-brand, category-by-category and we look at our demand science models and determine the elasticity. So its a bottoms-up forecast of impacts on volume based on the brand and category where we pricing, so thats how we got to it. But volume is a little bit down versus where it was in the previous forecast.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So a little bit down. All right. Thank you for that clarity.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for the question. Happy New Year.
Sean Connolly: Happy New Year, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So just -- I just want to dig into the e-commerce slide on page 13. You basically said that 80% over two years in fiscal 2021, 50% over two years in Q2. I assume that means that year-on-year things have slowed materially. Is the 9.4% that you are at at the moment, is that mostly click and collect? What are the e-commerce investments that you are making at the moment and does that mean that the profitability of the e-commerce channel is now different from the regular brick-and-mortar approach that you are taking? Thank you and I have a quick follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Alexia, the -- we have made, if you -- even if you look within our A&P line, a lot of the investments that we -- if you look at our total A&P pot, its changed dramatically in the last seven years in terms of what we spend it on, much less in-line TV and things like that, that you have heard me talk about before that are inefficient. So instead today we put those investments into social and digital platforms, but also importantly into e-commerce. So I would say, we made the decision a few years back to treat e-commerce as a bit of a start-up business and we said we are going to invest in it. So we have been, I would say, over investing relative to other areas in e-commerce because its far more elastic. We see the business. We get the purchases started in consumers basket and its both pure blood e-trailers and brick-and-mortar retailers who have built out their e-commerce platforms. Both of them have been very high-growth areas for us and very strong investment areas for us. And what we found is that, there is a good ROI on these investments in e-commerce, because once we invest to kind of getting into the getting into consumer repertoire and are part of their shopping algorithm online it that translates to a repeat purchase. So we get them when they come back whatever the purchase cycle is for that product. So thats been one of our key marketing shift there is to go hard after e-commerce the last few years, and we are very happy with the returns and thats why we continue to invest there. We will move around from quarter-to-quarter and when you look at the percent comps, it also can be a bit misleading, because its a function of whatever we did in the base period. We might have -- we might be wrapping a huge base year in any given quarter when you see a relative dip, but you see large absolute growth. So, overall, its a big priority for us. Its working really well and you would be amazed at the kinds of products that are working well in e-commerce. Frozen, for example, is one that you may not think of intuitively as being very successful in e-commerce, but it is and these are profitable sales for us.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Pace of innovation, you highlighted that innovation is an important driver for you at the moment. I remember over the last few years, you have meaningfully increased the percentage of sales from new products. Are you at a level -- what level are you at now and are you comfortable with where you are at or are you expecting increases -- further increases over time?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. We call this the renewal rate, the percentage of our annual sales that comes from stuff we have launched in the past three years and we have gotten to about 15% from back in the day we started, we were about 9%. And thats -- I like that level and because what it reflects is that and its a persistent amount of innovation, because consumers have new benefit areas that they become interested in every single year. For example, last year, healthy choice, we are already wrapping huge numbers on Power Bowls, but we went with the grain-free trend, which was a big thing, and its been a big success for us innovation-wise. So we try to be out ahead of our competition using our demand science team in terms of emerging trends and its interesting, because many times when we are bringing out the new trend, our competitors are just catching up and they are launching a knockoff of last years stuff. And so that keeping out in front of these trends, I would say, will continue to be an important part of our innovation repertoire.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So, as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up calls that anyone may have. So feel free to reach out. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-10-07 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, conagrabrands.com. With that, I will turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our results for the quarter, our updated outlook for the remainder of the year, and why we believe that Conagra continues to be well-positioned for the future. Slide five lays out our key messages for today. First, as everyone is aware, the external environment is incredibly dynamic right now, and we see many of these challenges persisting. But despite the complex operating situation, the ongoing dedication, resilience, and agility of our team enabled us to deliver solid Q1 results on the back of strong sales. We continue to benefit from our proven approach to brand-building, and the breadth of investments we're making to increase consumer demand. These efforts drive brand health, which is evidenced by the continued strength of our sales, share, and repeat rates across the portfolio. As a result, we believe our brands are well-positioned to continue managing through the current inflationary challenges, and support ongoing inflation-justified pricing actions. Looking ahead, we're reaffirming our EPS outlook for the year. However, we now see a slightly different path to achieving that EPS. We expect inflation to be higher than originally forecasted, but we also see continued strength in consumer demand, even above our original expectations. We believe that consumer demand, coupled with additional pricing and cost-saving actions will enable us to deliver adjusted diluted EPS of about $2.50. So, with that as the backdrop, let's jump right in. We know that our long-term performance is a function of the caliber and engagement of our team. And that has never been more true than today. I'm extremely proud of the team's resilience and agility in adapting to the dynamic environment we're currently experiencing. As a result of our team's continued hard work and dedication, we've been able to successfully execute through sustained, elevated demand, and challenging supply conditions. First, as we've already mentioned, consumer demand has remained at higher levels than we expected due to macro forces, as well as the unique position of our portfolio. This was a great problem to have, but it increases the demands on our supply chain at a time when the industry is navigating labor shortages, material supply issues, and transportation cost and congestion challenges. Taken together, these factors created an upper control limit on the amount of product we could produce and ship in Q1. If we had the capacity to meet all of the demand, our numbers would likely have been even more impressive. However, our ability to deliver solid results amid this dynamic environment is a testament to our team's ongoing commitment to executing the Conagra Way playbook each and every day. The Conagra Way playbook to portfolio modernization remains our north star in any operating environment. Regardless of the external factors that may influence short-term demand and supply dynamics in any given quarter, we define long-term success as creating meaningful and lasting connections between consumers and our brands. We believe that our playbook is the most effective framework for delivering on that objective. Those of you who have followed us for a while will recall that our modern approach to brand building is more comprehensive than legacy industry practices. Instead of anchoring our brand building predominantly in broadcast advertising that pushes new messages on old products, we anchor our investments and our efforts, first, in developing new, modern, and superior items. Then, once we've created these more modern and provocative products, we invest to drive the physical availability of those items in-store and online. And finally, our investments to drive meaningful one-to-one communication to the right consumers at the right time, at the right place enable us to remain salient and relevant. This comprehensive approach and unwavering commitment to modernizing and premiumizing our portfolio continues to pay off and enables us to better manage our brands within any environment. And as you could see on slide eight, our team delivered solid results during the first quarter. As you know, our year-over-year growth rates were impacted by the elevated demand we experienced during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, when we were still in the early months of the pandemic. Given this dynamic, we'll reference some two-year figures throughout today's presentation to provide more helpful context on what we believe is the underlying strength and trajectory of the business. As you could see, on a two-year CAGR basis, organic net sales for the first quarter increased 7% and adjusted EPS grew by nearly 8%. Importantly, our solid performance in the first quarter was broad-based. Just take a look at slide nine. Total Conagra weighted dollar share grew 0.8 points on a two-year basis in the quarter, with share gains in each of our domestic retail domains; frozen, snacks, and staples. Innovation remained a key to our success across the portfolio in Q1. Slide 10, highlights the impact of our disciplined approach to delivering new products and modernizing our portfolio. During the first quarter, our innovation outperformed the strong results we delivered in the year-ago period. This reflects not only the quality of the products' launch, but also our efforts to support those launches with investments and capabilities that deliver deeper, more meaningful consumer connections. And as you can see, our innovation rose to the top of the pack in several key categories, including snacks, sweet treats, frozen vegetables, and frozen meals. Our performance is a clear testament to the innovation and marketing engine at Conagra, and we believe the solid reputation we've built with customers and consumers. In addition to developing superior products, we also remained focused on physical availability during the first quarter through both brick-and-mortar and online. Slide 11 demonstrates how our ongoing investments in e-commerce continued to yield strong results. Once again, we delivered quarterly growth in our $1 billion e-commerce business, both against our peers and as a percentage of our overall retail sales. We outpaced the entire total edible category in terms of e-commerce retails sales growth during the first quarter, just as we did throughout fiscal 2021. E-commerce sales now represent more than 9% of our total retail sales; more than double what they were just two years ago. As we mentioned earlier, our solid top line performance during the first quarter was driven by strong demand, robust brand building investments, and inflation-justified pricing actions. Slide 12 details the extent of our pricing actions to date. A few key points to keep in mind, first, we began implementing actions on some of our domestic retail products in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 in response to the inflation we began to experience last fiscal year. The majority of our domestic retail pricing actions however just started to hit the market at the end of Q1 in response to the inflation we spoke to you about on our Q4 earnings call, in July. As a result, the benefit in the quarter is less than what we expect to see going forward. You can see this playing out in the consumption data from the last four weeks, all of which are part of our fiscal second quarter. During this period, our on-shelf prices rose across all three domestic retail domains. Looking ahead, our original plans for the year included additional inflation-justified pricing in future periods. Given the heightened inflationary environment, however, we now expect to take incremental actions beyond those original plans. Many of these actions have already been communicated to our customers, and the benefits will be weighted toward the second-half of the fiscal year. We'll keep you apprised, but it's important that we stress that our pricing actions are not a blunt instrument. We take a fact-based approach to pricing within the portfolio. We use a data-driven approach to elasticity, and thoughtfully execute actions to align with customer windows. As we look ahead, we remain confident in the fiscal 2022 EPS guidance we outlined on the fourth quarter call, but we now expect to take a different path to achieving that guidance. As mentioned, we now expect inflation to be higher than originally forecasted. However, we believe that the combination of continued strength in consumer demand, incremental inflation-justified pricing, and additional cost-savings actions will enable us to offset the impact of that inflation. I'd like to briefly unpack these factors, starting with the update to our inflation expectations. As you can see on slide 14, we currently expect gross inflation to be approximately 11% for fiscal 2022, compared to the, approximately, 9% we anticipated at the time of our fourth quarter call. The bulk of the incremental inflation can be attributed to continued increases in the cost of proteins, edible fats and oils, grains, and steel cans since our Q4 call. I want to emphasize that this is our best current estimate of gross inflation for the full-year, and does not account for the impact of supply chain productivity improvements or hedging. Dave will provide more color on inflation and the various levers we're able to pull to help offset its impact. Even in the face of this acutely inflationary environment, we remain squarely focused on continuing to invest in our brands, and capturing this strong consumer demand. And, we're pleased to share, that the consumer demand we experienced during the first quarter exceeded our prior expectations. As you can see on slide 15, our total company retail sales on a two-year CAGR basis were up nearly 7% in the first quarter with strong growth across our frozen snacks and staples domains. And when you peel back the onion further, you find even more evidence to underscore the durable strength of our top line performance. The chart on the left side of slide 16 demonstrates that we continue to grow our household penetration during the first quarter, building upon the significant new consumer acquisition we've achieved over the past year and a half. But what I believe is even more encouraging is the chart on the right. We didn't just acquire new consumers, we kept them. The data shows growth in repeat rates that demonstrates our new consumers discover the incredible products and tremendous value proposition of our portfolio. We're proud that our products are resonating with consumers, and that those shoppers keep coming back for more. Importantly, our performance on these metrics, household penetration and repeat rates has not only been strong in the absolute, but relative to the competition as well. We're also encouraged by the elasticity of demand for our portfolio which has been better than previously expected. Slide 17 demonstrates that our pricing actions to date have had limited impact on demand. As I mentioned, most of our pricing actions taken to date began to appear on shelf at the end of Q1. And you can see how that dynamic is being reflected in the data for September, which is part of our second quarter. We continue to be cautiously optimistic that our elasticities will remain favorable as the full array of pricing enters the market. As evidenced by our strong penetration and repeat rates, the growing number of consumers had clearly discovered the convenience and value that our retail portfolio provides. Taken together, the net result of these factors I just detailed is the reaffirmation of our EPS guidance and margin, and a few updates on how we expect to get there. We're increasing our organic net sales guidance to be approximately plus 1% up from approximately flat at the time of our Q4 call. We're reaffirming our adjusted operating margin guidance to remain at approximately 16%. We're updating our gross inflation guidance to about 11% and we're reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $2.50. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to briefly reinforce some of the longer term tailwinds, we believe will benefit us for years to come. This includes enduring trends that predate the COVID-19 pandemic and new consumer behaviors adopted over the past 18 months. As a reminder, we have a proven track record of successfully attracting Millennials and Gen Z consumers at a higher rate than our categories as a whole. By attracting younger consumers now, we create the groundwork for future growth not only to these younger generations offer the opportunity to drive lifetime value, they're larger than the Gen X generation that immediately proceeded them. Historically, younger adults have eaten at-home less than older generations. The meaningful shift towards at-home eating tends to happen during the family formation years. And particular, we know that annual frozen category spend per buyer increases in households with young kids, and it increases further as the kids grow up. Importantly, almost half of Millennials have yet to begin having kids and we fully expect their consumption of Conagra Products will grow along with the growth of their families. Another enduring trend is the growth of snacking, which has long been the fastest growing occasion in food and shows no signs of slowing down. We have a very strong $2 billion ready to eat snacks business that spans multiple subcategories, where we either have the fastest growing brand, the largest brand, or both. The COVID-19 pandemic has only served to accelerate these existing trends and create additional long-term growth drivers. One of the primary drivers for more at-home eating is the shifting workplace dynamics that are meaningfully changing weekday eating behavior. This includes both the contracting workforce and the rise of remote work. As more people work from home or exit the workforce, the more likely these people are to eat at-home, particularly on weekdays. Importantly, some aspects of remote workforce adoption are expected to be permanent. The way we work is changing and that's driving changes in consumer eating habits as well. More time at-home also means more time devoted to preparing meals. Younger consumers are acquiring new skills and developing new food habits at a formative age. The behavioral science tells us that when people learn to cook in early age, they continue to cook at elevated levels as they get older, and consumers of all ages are rediscovering their kitchens, and cooking more at home. Across all these long-term tailwinds, we believe our portfolio is uniquely positioned to meet the needs of today's consumers. Our frozen portfolio offers hyper-convenient meals and sides perfect for the quick work lunch or family dinner. Our snacks and sweet treats portfolio caters to those looking to experience bold, anytime flavors at home, while enjoying time with friends and family. And our staples portfolio offers the simple cooking aids and meal enhancers that both experienced and first time cooks are seeking. In summary, on average portfolio has delivered against the recent behavioral shift better than the competition. And as we move beyond the pandemic, and millennials and Gen Z's continued age, we believe that our brands are well positioned to become an even more regular part of their routines. Now that I've highlighted our performance for the quarter and strong positioning for the future, I'll turn it over to Dave to provide more detail.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everybody. I'll start by going over some highlights from the quarter shown on slide 21. As a reminder, our year-over-year comparisons reflect the lapping of extremely strong demand for at-home food consumption during the early months of the pandemic. For that reason, we are also including two-year comparisons for a number of important metrics to provide helpful context regarding the underlying health of our business. We are pleased with the overall results of the first quarter, which has Sean discussed reflected our ability to successfully navigate the current dynamic environment. Organic net sales declined by 0.4% compared to a year ago, and increased 7% on a two-year CAGR. Adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating profit both decreased year-over-year, but were flat on a two-year basis, demonstrating our ability to offset the double-digit inflation experienced in the business during the quarter. I also want to highlight the increase in our advertising and promotional spend on both a one and two-year basis. These investments reflect our continued commitment to building and maintaining strong brands. Turning to slide 22, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our net sales for the quarter. On an organic net sales basis, the 0.4% decrease during the quarter was driven by a 2% decline in volume from lapping last year's elevated demand. This decline was almost entirely offset by favorable brand mix, and the pricing actions we've taken to date in response to the inflationary environment. There are two items I want to call out on price mix. First, as a reminder, the majority of our domestic retail pricing actions just started to hit shelves at the end of Q1. So the benefit in the quarter was limited compared to the benefits we expect to receive over the course of fiscal '22. Second, our 1.6% benefit from price mix lapses 70 basis point benefit in the prior year period that was associated with the true up of fiscal '20 fourth quarter trade expense accrual. Without that item, the current quarters price mixed benefit would have been plus 2.3%. Divestitures resulted in a 110 basis point decline in net sales during the quarter and foreign exchange provided a 50 basis point benefit. Together, these factors drove a 1% decline in total Conagra net sales for the quarter compared to a year ago. Slide 23 shows our net sale summary by segment, both on a year-over-year and a two year compounded basis. As you can see, we've had strong two-year compounded net sales growth in each of our three retail segments with a slight decline in our Foodservice segment. Net sales for the entire company have increased 7% on a two-year CAGR basis. Our two-year annual sales growth rate for the domestic retail segments is tracking closely with the retail consumption growth achieved over the same period. Turning to adjusted operating margin, slide 24 details the puts and takes of our first quarter results; first quarter inflation was 16.6%, driving our adjusted gross margin decline of 530 basis points compared to a year ago. We delivered 550 points of benefit from our margin lever actions in the quarter inflation justified pricing, supply chain realized productivity, cost synergies associated with the Pinnacle Foods acquisition and lower pandemic-related expenses. However, these benefits were more than offset by the very significant inflation. Note that the 16.6% inflation shown on the slide represents gross market inflation for Q1, and does not include hedging or sourcing benefits. We capture hedging as part of our realized productivity. For the first quarter, our net inflation, inclusive of hedging was high single-digits. Our Q1 adjusted operating margin was also impacted by year-over-year changes to A&P and adjusted SG&A. As I previously mentioned, we continued to increase our investments in A&P in the quarter. The adjusted operating profit and margin by segment for the quarter are shown on slide 25. As a reminder, we expect our first quarter of this fiscal year to benefit the least from our inflation justified pricing actions. It's also worth highlighting again, that our adjusted operating profit is flat on a two-year basis. Over a two year period, we have completely offset double-digit inflation while also increasing investment in the business. As you can see on slide 26, our Q1 adjusted EPS of $0.50 was heavily impacted by inflation as well as by a slightly higher tax rate. These headwinds were partially offset by strong performance from our Ardent Mills joint venture, lower net interest expense, and a slightly lower average diluted share count due to our share repurchases during the quarter. Turning to slide 27, we ended the quarter with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of four times, which was in line with our expectations and reflects the seasonality of the business. Our cash flow from operations and free cash flow were also both in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our CapEx increased year-over-year, as we remained focused on continued capacity investments to maximize physical availability of our products. We also continued to return capital to shareholders during the first quarter. We repurchased approximately $50 million of common stock and paid approximately $132 million in cash dividends. As a reminder, the Board of Directors approved a 14% increase to our annual dividend in July. We paid our first dividend at the increased quarterly rate of $0.3125 per share, or $1.25 per share on an annualized basis shortly after the conclusion of Q1. As we've already detailed today, we continue to experience cost of goods sold inflation at a level that is both significant and in excess of the level projected at the time of our Q4 fiscal '21 earnings call. We now expect gross cost of goods sold inflation to be approximately 11% for fiscal '22. We previously expected gross inflation of approximately 9%. This heightened inflationary pressure is coming from increases across many inputs, particularly proteins, edible fats and oils, grains, and metal-based packaging. We are also seeing increasing costs and transportation given marketplace dynamics. We have strong plans in place to mitigate the impact of this inflation. First, we will leverage sourcing and hedging given our sourcing and hedging positions. We only expect two-thirds of the 200 basis point increase in gross inflation to impact the fiscal '22 P&L. Regarding quarterly flow, we expect about half of the net impact from this heightened inflation to hit in the fourth quarter. We expect the other half to impact Q2 and Q3 about equally. As a reminder, the benefit of hedging actions is classified as realized productivity in our schedules. In addition to hedging and sourcing, we expect to have a number of drivers to help offset inflation in fiscal '22. As Sean already detailed, these drivers include higher than expected consumer demand, lower than expected elasticities of demand and incremental inflation justified pricing beyond our original plan. As Sean noted, the benefits of our incremental pricing actions will be weighted towards the second-half of the fiscal year. We are also taking additional actions to enhance supply chain productivity through the balance of fiscal '22. And as always, we will maintain a disciplined approach to cost control, which continues to be a hallmark of our culture. We now have additional cost savings actions planned beyond what was included as part of our initial guidance for the year. In summary, we intend to leverage our full range of margin drivers to offset the impact of inflation. We expect to realize the benefits from these drivers as the year progresses. With the benefits weighted towards the second-half of the year, we continue to expect margins to improve sequentially over the remainder of fiscal '22. The updated inflation expectations, the higher-than-expected consumer demand, and the comprehensive actions we are taking to combat rising costs are all reflected in the updated fiscal '22 guidance we issued this morning. We remain confident in our original adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $2.50 for the year. But the path to achieve that guidance has changed. We now expect organic net sales growth of approximately 1%, compared to our prior expectations of approximately flat growth. Also, we expect our adjusted operating margin to continue to be approximately 16%, but seize the modest compression versus our original forecast. We expect the increase in dollar profit from higher net sales, together with incremental cost saving, to offset the incremental net inflation dollars. As I explained on last quarter's call, this guidance is our best estimate of how we will perform in fiscal '22. But our ultimate performance will be highly dependent on multiple factors, including, first, how consumers purchase food as food service establishments continue to reopen and people return to in-office work and in-person school. Second, the level of inflation we ultimately experience. Third, the elasticity of demand impact as consumers respond to higher prices. And finally, the ability of our end-to-end supply chain to continue to operate effectively as the pandemic continues to evolve. Before turning it over to the operator for Q&A, I want to reiterate Sean's comments regarding our confidence in the resiliency of our business. Our ability to deliver sold results amid such a dynamic environment reflects the continued dedication of our team, as well as the strength of our brands, and the Conagra Way playbook. That's for listening, everyone. That concludes my remarks. I'll now pass it to the operator for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much. Maybe to start off, many companies in the food space are certainly seeing better top line but have had incremental trouble servicing that demand efficiently due to the labor challenges, and sort of other supply chain disruptions. I guess Conagra is looking for higher sales than initially expected, and sort of a similar margin for the full-year, so really improved operating profit dollars. And I was hoping you could provide maybe a bit more color on the sort of the key buckets, and maybe quantify some of those key puts and takes for us, because I guess that's where I'm getting a bit of pushback this morning in terms of the higher operating profit that you would now see in light of all these challenges? And then secondly, just what would be the offset to the better operating profit for the full-year that keeps EPS roughly in a similar place for the full-year? Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew. Let me take the first part of your question. And, Dave, you can add here, and just comment a little bit on the supply chain situation. Well, as you were implying with respect to supply chain, it is a daily grind, so I am incredibly appreciative and proud of our team. Clearly when demand from consumers is this strong at the same time that the supply chain is strained, service can suffer. And to manage that to the best of our abilities and maximize our sales, we attack each of the root causes as aggressively as we can. So, with respect to the labor environment, it is about recruiting as aggressively as we can, and then keeping people healthy when they get in the door. With respect to materials and ingredients, it's about keeping the pressure on suppliers and having contingencies. And with respect to logistics, it's about being as creative and aggressive as we can. And so, in times like these, it does come down to agility and resilience, and that's really how our culture is wired. And we talked about having a refuse to lose attitude every day, and in the end these supply chain challenges will ultimately abate. And when they do, the fact that our consumers have such affinity for our products sets us up very well for the future. So, that's really out goal, is to do everything within our power to get as many boxes of our products as we can out the door to help offset some of the cost pressures. Dave, you want to add anything to that on the -- 
David Marberger: Yes, let me address your operating profit margin question, Andrew. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, given the dynamic of increasing profit from our higher sales dollars offsetting the dollar impact of inflation, the math on that compresses margins a bit. So, we expect higher sales at same operating profit. So, our guidance on operating margin was approximately 16%. We were expecting to tip a bit above that in the previous guidance. Now, we're expecting to tip a bit below it, but we're still sort of guiding to approximately 16%. So, that's the dynamic on your operating profit question. As you look at the -- kind of the bridge to roughly how we get there, last quarter I gave a bridge, just updating it now. We expect 800 basis points of operating margin headwind from the 11% gross inflation, with our inflation going up. We expect about 490 points of operating margin tailwind from the costs coming out, including our realized productivity and that includes our hedging and sourcing as well as our lower COVID costs and the Pinnacle synergies. And we expect about 190 basis points of operating margin tailwind from all of our price mix actions, including our pricing, merchandizing products, and segment mix. And then a little bit of a headwind on SG&A to operating margin. So, that's sort of the rough bridge to get you to the little bit below 16%.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then just the EPS staying about the same, I guess now that you've kind of said -- talked about the margin a little bit, I guess there's no significant change in sort of below-the-line items necessarily, versus what you had expected previously?
David Marberger: No, we have -- you see, we had a good quarter for Ardent. And so, you might have a little bit of benefit there, but our tax rate was a tick higher as well, so they kind of wash.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Are there any -- Dave, are there any notable tailwinds or headwinds just as we think about modeling the second quarter? Yes, I know you don't give full guidance, but maybe just so we can avoid some surprises. Yes, I know you've said many times the progression of fiscal '22 pricing and savings will be back-half loaded. So, hopefully, people have gotten that message. But is there anything specific we should be reminded of, additional trade accrual lapse, anything like that?
David Marberger: Yes, Ken, I would tell you there's nothing like that. Really, the second quarter, we're going to see more of a benefit from price mix versus what we saw in the first quarter. The gross inflation is going to be roughly the same as we saw in the first quarter. So, it'll be the second-half where the percentage of gross inflation will start to decline. It'll still be up, but it will be at a lower rate. The second quarter inflation -- gross inflation is going to be roughly the same. So, it's going to be the increased benefit from price mix.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then one for me, Sean, we've seen some labor strikes at [Mondelez] (ph). And now, it looks like there's some fairly major ones at Kellogg. As you look at your relationships with your employees, in general, how much risk do you think there is for, I guess, a similarly unfavorable event with Conagra? I realize these things are so hard to forecast, I'm just curious for your broader thoughts there.
Sean Connolly: Yes, it's, as I just mentioned in my earlier remarks, it's a tight labor market. And it takes a lot of ingenuity and creativity and effort to attract and retain employees to the best of our ability. So, we're obviously always trying to cultivate the strongest possible relationships with our employees so that they feel good about coming to work every day. And I feel good about where we sit right now, but it's -- there's no denying, it's a daily grind. And I'm really proud of what the team is doing, because we are able, as you saw in our Q1 sales, to produce at levels that, while the service may not be where we want it to be, it's very strong in the absolute, and that's our goal, is to keep the trains rolling.
Ken Goldman: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from David Palmer of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a quick one, Dave, on the inflation front, the second-half of fiscal '22, what's your visibility on that inflation, and perhaps just specifically, what is that rate that you anticipate for the second-half that goes with the 11% for the full-year? And I have a quick follow-up.
David Marberger: Yes, I mean we were 16.6% Q1. We'll be in that general area for Q2. So, obviously, for total 11%, we're kind of higher single digits for the second-half.
David Palmer: Okay. And visibility on that, is that fairly contracted or could you give us percentages on that?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I mean kind of years ago we're 35% to 40% locked in for the rest of the year. So, there's just as I've talked about in the past, David, there's just starting commodities like proteins where we're limited in our ability to lock in, you know, things like edible oils, we do a better job and can lock in more. So, that's where we are right now. So, it's our best estimate right now, our procurement team does an amazing job really understanding the dynamics in each one of these categories. Really every one of them varies you know whether it's weather related impacts sort of wheat and resins more, the oils is more of a like capacity in terms of demand and renewable diesel. So, every category just has different dynamics, and they're all over it. So, but that's our best call as of now.
David Palmer: And then the follow-up really is about the long-term. I mean, you had some long-term targets 18% plus EBIT margins, 1% to 2% top line, you're obviously going to be blowing away that organic sales number. But there's a bit of an interesting timing and dynamic cost and price environment that's going on this year. I'm wondering if you still see that the 18% plus being something that's in play over the medium-term? Can you get back there, in other words, is this 16% that we're at this year or roughly, is that really a timing thing or do you think about things maybe differently, more in terms of getting back to gross profit dollars, not gross, the margins that you would have had? How are you thinking about that? I'll pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Hey, David, it's Sean. Yes, obviously, we're not going to get into specifics today on future margins. As you know, we plan on doing an investor meeting in the spring, but also as you know, our focus is not only on absolute margin, but importantly, margin trajectory in the future. And we've always had levers in place to help us capture a positive trajectory as we move forward. Not to mention, the pricing actions that we're taking today sets us up well we believe for a future in terms of overall price realization per unit and margin. So we'll leave it at that for now. And we'll share more as we get toward our investor meeting.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the productivity outlook for the year I mean, if you were to parse out the impact of hedging and maybe also separating out the impact of the COVID related costs coming out? Are you able to give us a sense for the underlying productivity improvements and how much more of the cost synergies from the Pinnacle deal remaining here? Are we coming to the tail-end of that?
Sean Connolly: Yes, let me start with the last question first, we have about $10 million left in the Pinnacle synergies, $10 million year to go. And we should have those all in by the end of the fiscal year. As I mentioned previously, we expect 490 basis points of margin tailwind coming out of our realized productivity, it's a little difficult to get really precise with how much is hedging sourcing versus how much is just core realized productivity? There's a lot moving around, there's a little bit of overlap there as we're driving savings, because of scale we have in buying a particular commodity, but then that commodity is inflating, and then we're hedging it. So, it's all in one bucket, and it's why we report it that way. So we've historically averaged 3% realized productivity, and we're still on that same track, there's obviously a lot of other costs floating around, but we still feel really good about our core realized productivity delivery that's in that 490 basis points of benefit. So that's what I would say.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you. And then as a follow-up, and the leverage at four times, I mean obviously, given the pandemic related benefits that you've enjoyed for several quarters now there was a bit of a bump to EBITDA, might we expect the leverage to take up a notch or two over the next couple of quarters just because the EBITDA numbers might be normalizing?
David Marberger: Yes, Alexia, so this level the four times is in line with our expectations, and it reflects the seasonality of the business as we increase our spending on inventory to prepare for our heavier sales quarters which are Q2, Q3. So yes, we expect leverage to peak in Q2 and then come back towards our target level in the second-half.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks for slotting me in. A couple of quick questions here, first, the outlook for inflation to moderate from 16% gross inflation in the front half of the year to somewhere in the high-single-digit range. What sorts of cost levels are underpinning that? Are you assuming that that spot costs come in? Are you assuming spot costs continue to inflate and the rate of inflation just moderates as we lap prior-year, any more specificity or color you can give to help us understand, that would be appreciated?
David Marberger: Yes, the biggest thing there Jason is the lapping, right. So we really started to see inflation pick up in the second-half of last year, really pick-up in Q4. And so we are lapping on those bigger basis, and so, it's kind of more the run rate of kind of where we are, but that's the biggest driver for a second-half being more high single-digits.
Jason English: Cool, I'm just going to paraphrase to make sure I understand it. It sounds like you're saying you're kind of assuming spot runs flat from here and if we cycled the run up last year, which caused the moderation, correct?
David Marberger: Yes.
Jason English: And then in terms of the pricing build, can you put some teeth on this for us? I understand that sort of underlying absent lapping the trade accrual, you're running around 20 to 30 bps of price growth this quarter. What does that look like? Clearly, there's a step-up from the price increases, you took at the end of the quarter or would you expect meaningfully higher price in the second quarter, where are we going to be run rating at the end of the year?
David Marberger: Yes, so last call, I talked about price mix for fiscal '22 of 3% to 4%. Given this update, we're really more at 4% plus for the year. So, as you know, obviously with us delivering the 1.6% price mix in Q1, that puts you to sort of the higher 4%, kind of to go, so that's what we expect. We took some pricing the end of fiscal '21. But we took a big amount of pricing last month of Q1, so we really didn't see the benefit. So we'll start seeing that benefit starting in Q2. So that really supports that kind of estimate for total price mix. Sean, anything you want to add?
Sean Connolly: I just say in addition to that, we've got more pricing coming in the second-half, and some of which was not contemplated in our original plan. And if we've got to take more yet we will, it's all [indiscernible] based. And in the meantime, demand has been very strong, while elasticities have been negligible.
Jason English: Sure, for sure, makes sense. Thanks, guys. I'll pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for the question. Dave, I was surprised to not hear you mentioned freight and transportation and the increase in inflation guide from 09 to 11. You really just talked about food and packaging. Why is that, is that located elsewhere?
David Marberger: No, it's in there. And I mentioned freight and transportation in my prepared comments. So that was I did mention that, I was giving examples of particular commodities and dynamics, but absolutely it's a very challenging environment right now with transportation in terms of not just cost but the reliability of trucks and you staff up to ship and making sure that trucks show up. And so there's a lot going on there, so that that's part of the 11%, for sure.
Robert Moskow: Okay, so that's definitely. Okay, thank you. And also about the timing of the new price increases, can all of that happen in fiscal '22 or do some of it spill over into '23, just because of timing?
David Marberger: Well, the actions, Rob will take place within '22. And so we'll start getting the benefits in '22 undoubtedly, and then some of the benefit will continue to spill over into next year, where we will be lapping a period where we didn't have the pricing in place. So that's one of the reasons we think the setup looks good as we kind of get through this because these cycles usually proven to be transitory in terms of the rate of change. And so the fact that the pricing in a broad based way will be in place and then the rate of change, it will abate. That is where the good setup lies.
Robert Moskow: Okay, but all of it can hit the shelves in fiscal '22, right?
David Marberger: Yes, you should be seeing it in the Scanner Data app. So, the next wave that comes in the second-half, you'll see show up in the Scanner Data as we get into the second-half.
Robert Moskow: Okay, all right, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. So first question for me, just Dave I know we've talked a lot about inflation, but just can you comment at all on maybe any tightness in availability of supply of inputs and more specifically like the Tomato crop in California was stressed by the heat over the summer, we're hearing that there's some tightness in availability of steel cans, and maybe some other produce items. So just can you just give us any color on like availability of raw materials? And is that at all having an impact on, I guess, basically sales, right, are you at all supply constrained just on availability of raw materials?
Sean Connolly: Yes, Bryan, Sean. With my earlier comments within the kind of strain, as I'll call it within supply chain, the three buckets that I mentioned are labor, obviously, materials and ingredients and logistics. So we're working all three of those buckets aggressively every day. And there are periodically you'll see a particular input, that will get strength. And so we've got to go the extra mile to get our fair share of what's available, but also have contingency plans so that we can shift our mix as necessary, if we have to go through a period where we get shorted on a particular ingredient, we will try to make it up with other products that we've got capacity to kind of push out the door. So, this is why I describe this as kind of a daily grind is, this is a year of perseverance, where we've got to make sure we are on top of what is available, get the maximum quantity, we can keep our people healthy, get the trucks to get the products to our customers, and get as many boxes of our stuff out the doors we can because on the other side of that challenge is tremendously strong consumer demand. And we want to take full advantage of that, because our depth of repeat helps us to capture the lifetime value of these consumers. So it's volatile, we're dealing with it, every company in our space is dealing with it and I think our team is doing a really good job in the phase of it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then just a follow-up, I guess in terms of the strong demand, and the pricing is just Sean, can you talk a little bit about how you're approaching some of the holiday windows? I guess it's worth thinking about pricing as a function of list price increases, and promotional frequency and depth. Is there more of an opportunity to take advantage of those holiday not needing to promote as aggressively I guess, in the holiday windows just simply because demand is strong and those are periods where people are going to show up in shop anyway? Or is it more getting more price realization outside of those holiday windows?
Sean Connolly: Yes, it's interesting, Bryan. Somebody asked me recently, why don't customers just try to shape demand downward by taking more price than the inflation is and my answer was, that's not the way customers tend to behave. I can't say I've ever seen a price above inflation to steer demand downward. But they have been willing to accept price increments. And on our end, when you're in a strange supply situation, we do look at promotional reductions to keep demand in check and not exacerbate supply challenges. So it's we work with our retailers on some of the stuff that they like to get out on the floor during the holidays, you've got two aspects of those holiday promotions, you've got the location, getting it out on the floor, and then you've got the amount of discount, the magnitude of the discount. Certainly, we want to help our consumers to find our products during the holidays. But the magnitude of the discount does not need, we don't need to fan the flames of supply challenges. So you make a very fair, reasonable point much how we behave during the height of the pandemic with respect to promotion.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thanks, Sean. Thanks, Dave.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: The next question is from Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great, thank you so much for taking the question. Dave, appreciate your comments around sort of the seasonality of the leverage, I think just given the difficulty and sort of parsing through some of the trends in the last couple of years as we think about sort of your forward-looking trends, is this cadence and leverage that you discussed or the up tick into the first quarter continuing into the second quarter in terms of net leverage before coming back in the back half something that we should expect on a go forward basis?
David Marberger: Yes, Priya, so that's as we look at fiscal '22, we'll click up in Q2, we'll peak in Q2, and then we'll come back down in Q3 and then Q4. That's it is, it's hard to look historically because of the M&A activity we've had, but if you had a more normalized pattern that's what you would see for the business, given the seasonality, because we sell a lot of product in our second and third quarters. And so, there is a lot of investment in working capital as we go through the first-half, so yes, that's sort of how it will play out.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Okay, that's helpful. And then, as we think about just that improvement in the back-half, should we anticipate most of that, I mean, I guess just given some of the EBITDA dynamics this year, how much of that should come from additional debt paid down whether it's sort of CP oriented or any other potential directions that you could take?
Sean Connolly: Yes, we're constantly looking at that previous I don't want to quote an exact number, where kind of debt is going to come in, we target a leverage ratio, our kind of leverage ratio target is 3.5 times. So that's what we're always managing to. So it's really kind of the dynamics of kind of the debt and EBITDA and so we kind of look at it holistically like that manage to the ratio.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Okay, that's helpful, and to confirm, we should be back at that 3.5 by year-end?
Sean Connolly: Yes, we're moving towards that. So that -- not saying we'd be exactly at 3.5 by the end of the Q, but that's generally kind of where we'll be tracking to.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Okay, great. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Okay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great, thank you. So, as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up calls that anyone may have, feel free to reach out. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-07-13 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our strong fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results, our expectations for fiscal 2022 and our perspective on how the Conagra Way playbook positions us for continued success in this dynamic environment. Slide 5 lays out the key points we're going to cover today. As you saw in our release, we reported very strong results for fiscal 2021, and we could not have done so without our people executing the Conagra Way with excellence. Their dedication enabled us to capitalize on an unprecedented time of consumer demand. Over the last year, we acquired and retained multiple years' worth of new consumers, and we grew share across categories, all while continuing to invest in the future. This translated into strong growth across the portfolio. We saw continued strength in frozen and snacks as well as increased relevancy for our large staples business. The work we've done modernizing and premiumizing our portfolio continues to pay off. We believe our brands are healthier than ever and well positioned to manage through the current inflationary challenges. Dave and I will both share more about our approach to managing rising input costs later in the presentation. But I can tell you now that we're taking aggressive actions on a number of fronts. It's also important to note that our plans provide for continued brand-building investments to drive consumer demand and further enhance brand health. Our business remains very strong, but we are revising our fiscal '22 guidance to reflect the lag effect associated with the aggressive mitigating actions we are taking. Essentially, we see fiscal '22 as a tale of two halves, with the lag effect concentrated in the first half and particularly in Q1. We expect many of our actions will start to flow through the P&L in Q2, setting up a second half adjusted EPS in line with what was assumed for H2 within our prior guidance. Given our resiliency over the last year and the compelling consumer trends we're continuing to track, we remain confident in the underlying strength of the business and the opportunities ahead for long-term value creation. As a result, this morning, we announced a 14% increase to our annual dividend, reflecting our Board's continued confidence in our outlook.  Finally, we plan on hosting an investor meeting next spring to provide an update on our progress and discuss fiscal '23 and beyond. Be on the lookout for more information regarding the event. We hope you can join us. So with that as the backdrop, let's jump into the agenda for today's call. We'll start with our business update and then cover our priorities and value creation opportunities in fiscal 2022. As you can see on Slide 7, we ended fiscal 2021 with a strong fourth quarter that was in line with our guidance. As you know, our Q4 growth rates were impacted by the unprecedented demand we experienced in 2020 when at-home food consumption surged due to the onset of the pandemic and organic net sales increased 21.5%. Given this dynamic, we'll reference some two-year figures throughout today's presentation to provide more helpful context on the underlying strength and trajectory of the business. And as you can see, on a two-year CAGR basis, organic net sales for the fourth quarter increased by more than 4%, and our two-year adjusted EPS grew by more than 22%. On a full year basis, our organic net sales, adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS were all up materially versus fiscal 2020. Continued execution of the Conagra Way playbook served as the foundation for our strong fiscal 2021 performance. Within our industry, success is defined by creating meaningful and lasting connections between consumers and brands. We believe that our playbook is the most effective framework for delivering on that objective. Our modern approach to brand building is based on three tenets. First, it all starts with developing superior products through perpetual modernization. Second, we ensure physical availability of our items, both in-store and online. And third, we drive mental availability of our products to ensure we remain salient and relevant with consumers. The foundation of the Conagra Way to brand building is our people. Our exceptional results this past fiscal year reflect our team's dedication to executing the Conagra Way each and every day. I would like to pause and say a heartfelt thank you to Conagra's amazing team for rising to the occasion to support each other, our business, our communities, our customers and our consumers. I'm extremely proud of the team's resilience in responding to the volatile environment throughout the year. We know our long-term performance is a function of the caliber and engagement of our team. That's why we're continuing to invest in our current employees and keeping the door open to talented new additions. In fiscal '21, our team's engagement was clearly evident in their intense focus on capturing opportunities. As I mentioned earlier, the pandemic created a unique environment for new consumer acquisition, and we were able to capitalize by having modern products available when and where consumers wanted them. We estimate that over the course of the last fiscal year, we gained the equivalent of more than four years' worth of incremental new buyers. COVID effectively amplified new product trial at a level rarely seen in our industry. In the chart on the left, on Slide 10, you can see the increase in household penetration across our portfolio during fiscal 2021, clear evidence of the magnitude of our new consumer acquisition. But what's even more encouraging is the chart on the right. We didn't just acquire new consumers, we kept them. The data shows that our new consumers discovered the tremendous value proposition our portfolio provides, and we're proud that our products are repeatedly appearing in pantries and freezers across America. Importantly, our performance over the last year was not only strong in the absolute, it was strong relative to the competition. We performed better than our peers in terms of household penetration and repeat rates and we continue to gain share. Keep in mind that we delivered these results despite hitting an upper control limit on the amount of product we could produce in certain categories. If we had additional capacity, these numbers would likely be even more impressive. Our disciplined approach to modernization and innovation across our product portfolio is key to our success.  As you can see on Slide 11, we delivered an impressive innovation slate in fiscal '21. Our performance on innovation launched and sold in fiscal '21 surpassed the record performance we set in fiscal '20. And importantly, our innovation outperformed the competition. This strong outperformance is why even during the height of the pandemic, customers continued to ask for our new products. This is a clear testament to the innovation engine at Conagra and the solid reputation we built with customers and consumers. Slide 12 highlights a handful of our important launches in fiscal '21. We continued our successful Gardein co-branding strategy with the launch of Marie Callender's Pot Pie with Gardein protein. We continued to modernize and premiumize Birds Eye with the launch of vegetable bakes that are as good as any side dish you can order from a Chicago steakhouse. We began modernizing the Hungry-Man brand with the launch of the Double Meat platform that satisfies the hungriest of appetites. We also continued to work on Duncan Hines with the Instagramable EPIC line of Baking Kits along with our keto-friendly mixes. And we found even more ways to keep evolving our Healthy Choice Power Bowls with the launch of these vegetarian and vegan options. I'm particularly excited about the Birds Eye breaded vegetables platform we launched in fiscal '21. It's already started to take off with 3 of the cauliflower wings products being among the best-selling SKUs in the frozen vegetable category this year. If you haven't tried them, you're missing out. We supported the launch with a robust advertising campaign to drive awareness and mental availability. This campaign included digital, social and TV advertising. In addition to mental availability, we remain focused on the physical availability of our products in Q4, whether it's through brick-and-mortar or online.  Slide 14 demonstrates how our ongoing investments in e-commerce have continued to yield results. Growth in our $1 billion e-commerce business continued in fiscal 2021, both against our peers and as a percentage of our overall retail sales. We consistently outpaced the entire total edible category in terms of e-commerce retail sales growth during the year. E-commerce sales now represent nearly 8% of our total retail sales. And importantly, our success in fiscal 2021 was broad-based. Just take a look at Slide 15. Total Conagra retail sales grew an impressive 11.7% on a 2-year basis in the fourth quarter with contributions from each of our retail domains. On a 2-year basis, we delivered double-digit growth rates in retail sales across our frozen and snacking domains and a solid 5.2% growth rate in staples. Let's dig into each domain a bit more, and let's start with frozen on Slide 16. Over the last 2 years, our frozen retail sales have surged across desserts, single-serve meals and multi-serve meals. We've also seen consistent growth in retail sales of frozen vegetables. All in, our strategic frozen business grew 13.5% over the 2-year period ending in fiscal 2021. And importantly, our buyers repeatedly returned to our frozen products. As you can see on Slide 17, consumer repeat rates for our leading frozen brands have been stronger than for the competition. Turning to Slide 18. Our snacks business has seen similar success, delivering strong 2-year retail sales growth of 21% in fiscal '21, led by increases of more than 25% across hot cocoa, microwave popcorn, ready-to-eat pudding and meat snacks. As with frozen, consumer repeat rates for a number of our leading snack brands beat those of competition during the fiscal year. Staples was also a meaningful contributor to our success.  On Slide 20, you can see the strength of our staples portfolio. Staples retail sales increased 5.2% over the past 2 years, spurred by steady growth across key staples categories. Having increasingly rediscovered the joys of cooking last year, consumers reengaged with our staples products in a meaningful way. As you can see on Slide 21, the solid performance from staples was not isolated. We saw strong 2-year growth rates across many of our largest staples brands. Overall, we're pleased by the performance across our retail business, both within the quarter and over the fiscal year. And as fiscal '22 begins, we believe our branded portfolio is stronger than ever. So let's talk about what we see looking ahead. We have a unique opportunity in fiscal '22 to leverage our current momentum and maximize long-term value-creation potential. New behaviors and habits created during the pandemic resulted in an elevated and sustained level of at-home eating. Shoppers are engaging or reengaging with our products now more than ever, creating a larger, high-quality consumer base.  To sustain this engagement, we plan to continue making investments in the physical and mental availability for our products. This includes building additional capacity to fulfill consumer demand making further strategic e-commerce investments, pursuing efficient and thoughtful marketing campaigns and introducing a robust fiscal '22 innovation slate. As we invest in our brands to create new and stronger connections with our consumers, we will also strategically navigate the inflationary environment that accelerated quickly during Q4 and continues today. We're aggressively pulling on all our margin levers to minimize the inflation-related profit lag during the first half. Regardless of near-term cost challenges, we plan to stay focused on the long-term priorities of our business, including continued investments to further support our brands. Our objectives are ultimately focused on driving long-term value creation achieved by pursuing growth in frozen and snacks and maintaining our staples portfolio as a reliable contributor. Let's spend a few minutes on our fiscal '22 innovation plans for each of the domains. I'm excited to provide you a preview of what we have in store. Starting with frozen, once again, we have high expectations for our innovation slate. Slide 24 highlights some of the frozen products that will be rolled out during the year. Hungary-Man has responded very well to recent innovation. We're extending its new Double Meat platform with this Double Chicken Bowl, which is sure to satisfy any big, bold appetite. Our broad snacks portfolio also provides us with plenty of opportunities to innovate. And here is just a sample of our fiscal '22 slate. Among the products on deck, household favorite Duncan Hines will soon be offering additional EPIC kits with versions of classic cookie mixes that combine many of the brand's delicious ingredients. Our highly relevant staples portfolio is also receiving a new slate of innovation as shown on Slide 26. Notably, our great P.F. Chang's brand is launching a variety of new restaurant-inspired products. Also, as more consumers seek plant-based foods, Gardein continues to expand its portfolio with new offerings, including a new line of plant-based chili. Overall, we're confident that the investments we're making in product innovations across our portfolio will produce strong ROIs. Ultimately, long-term brand health is dependent on the type of perpetual modernization that we're committed to here at Conagra. Before I turn things over to Dave to walk you through the financials, I want to quickly touch on our thoughts around inflation and our updated guidance for fiscal 2022. Dave will discuss the cost environment in more detail, but I want to reinforce that we are aggressively pulling on all of our levers to navigate the current inflationary environment. We began executing our aggressive response plan in fiscal 2021, given the inflation we were already seeing and talking to you about in Q3. The incremental inflation that arose as Q4 unfolded called for additional actions, and you can be assured that we've begun to respond accordingly. As I've shared in my remarks, we're also not pulling back from investing in the business. We remain squarely focused on long-term value creation. But I also know that a more short-term focused question on all of your minds is, will Conagra take list pricing increases. And the short answer is yes. In fact, we began implementing pricing actions on some of our products in the fourth quarter related to the initial inflation we experienced. The very early read on the data from those actions is that our elasticities look good so far. And we have more pricing coming. Because our pricing is being implemented strategically and thoughtfully, we're cautiously optimistic that our elasticities will remain strong as our full array of pricing enters the market in fiscal '22. As I mentioned last quarter and earlier in my presentation, we expect the negative impact of the cost inflation to hit our financials before the beneficial impact of our responsive actions, including our pricing. This timing mismatch is expected to be particularly impactful in H1 and more specifically in Q1. The resulting pressure on our first half margins impact our full year profit. And as you saw in the release, we're updating our fiscal '22 guidance as a result. Organic net sales growth is expected to be roughly flat to fiscal '21. This results in a CAGR over the 3 years ending fiscal '22 of approximately 3.5% compared to our original target of 1% to 2%. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 16%, and adjusted EPS is expected to be approximately $2.50. Although the substantial increase in inflation over the last few months has negatively impacted our profit guidance for the year, we remain confident in the underlying strength of the business. Even with the lag effect I've discussed, our full year guidance delivers significant improvements compared to our fiscal '19 starting point. Importantly, we expect that the impact of our aggressive mitigating actions will cause second half adjusted EPS to rebound to be in line with what was assumed for H2 within our prior guidance. We're excited about the path the business is on, and we're ready for another dynamic year ahead. Thanks for your time, everyone. Dave, over to you.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some highlights from the quarter and full year fiscal '21, which are shown on Slide 30. Before we get into the details, a reminder that our year-over-year results for the fourth quarter reflect the lapping of the onset of the pandemic in March, April and May of fiscal '20 and the unprecedented surge in consumer demand during that time. Additionally, our Q4 fiscal '20 included a 53rd week, which also impacts comparisons to the year ago period. Overall, we are pleased with our performance as our results for the quarter were in line with our expectations. We delivered strong growth for the full fiscal year, including a 5.1% increase in organic net sales; adjusted operating profit of nearly $2 billion, up 7.4% versus fiscal '20; and operating margin of 17.5% for the year, an increase of more than 100 basis points versus fiscal '20; an adjusted EBITDA increase of 6.5%; and adjusted EPS growth of 15.8% for the year. Turning to Slide 31, you can see the net sales bridge for the fourth quarter and the full year. Our 10.1% decrease in organic net sales during the quarter was driven by a 12.8% decline in volume due to the comparison to last year's demand surge. The impact of the volume decline was partially offset by a 2.7% benefit from favorable mix and the initial pricing actions we took in response to the elevated inflationary environment, which I will describe in further detail shortly. Divestitures drove a 150-basis point decline to net sales for the quarter, and we faced an additional headwind of 560 basis points from the lapping of last year's 53rd week. Finally, we experienced a 50-basis point benefit from foreign exchange during the quarter. Combined, these factors drove a 16.7% decline in net sales for the quarter compared to a year ago. The bottom half of the slide highlights the drivers of our net sales growth for full year fiscal '21 versus the prior year, with an increase in organic net sales of over 5%, driven by volume growth and favorable price mix actions. Slide 32 outlines our net sales summary by segment. In the fourth quarter, net sales in our 3 retail segments declined on both a reported and organic basis due to lapping last year's surge in demand. Conversely, our Foodservice segment grew considerably this quarter as restaurant traffic began to recover. For the full fiscal year, the strong performance in our 3 retail segments during the first 3 quarters of the year more than offset the decline in Q4, while our Foodservice segment was negatively impacted by reduced demand for away-from-home eating for most of the year. Slide 33 shows the puts and takes of our fourth quarter adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating margin. As you can see, our team did a great job pulling on our margin levers in the quarter, including taking price increases in several retail categories driving favorable mix throughout the portfolio, capturing $20 million of synergies associated with the Pinnacle Foods acquisition, managing our COVID-19-related costs, which were $36 million in the quarter and continuing to drive strong supply chain productivity. Despite these efforts, however, we were unable to fully offset cost of goods sold inflation in the quarter. Cost inflation continued to accelerate as the quarter progressed, ultimately landing at 8.6%, which was above the Q4 expectations we shared at the end of Q3. We also increased our A&P by 27% in the quarter as we continue to identify opportunities for strong ROIs on these investments, particularly within e-commerce. Finally, SG&A was a slight margin headwind in the quarter as SG&A dollars decreased at a lower rate than our reported net sales. Cost control and a disciplined approach to SG&A remain a hallmark of our culture here at Conagra. On Slide 34, we detail the operating profit and margin for our segments for the quarter and the full year. Each of our 3 retail segments declined versus last year's fourth quarter, driven by the lapping of last year's surge in demand and 53rd week as well as increased cost of goods sold inflation. However, each retail segment reported higher adjusted operating profit than the fourth quarter of fiscal '19, demonstrating the sustained progress we have made. As I noted earlier, our adjusted EPS of $0.54 was in line with our expectations despite higher-than-expected inflation. The decline in adjusted operating profit and the impact of last year's 53rd week affected our results by $0.23 and $0.05, respectively, shown here on Slide 35. These headwinds were partially offset by strong performance from our Ardent Mills joint venture, lower net interest expense and a slightly lower average diluted share count resulting from our Q3 share repurchase. Slide 36 summarizes our net debt at fiscal year-end and EBITDA and cash flow performance for the fiscal year. We ended the year with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.6x, which is in line with our fiscal '21 target. We took advantage of our strong balance sheet throughout the year to increase our investment in the business and return capital to shareholders. During fiscal '21, we increased CapEx by more than $130 million compared to the prior year and funded important capacity and productivity projects. We also repurchased nearly $300 million worth of shares and paid $475 million in dividends in fiscal '21. As you may have seen in our press release this morning, we closed the sale of our Egg Beaters liquid egg business at the end of the fourth quarter. Given the timing of the closure, this sale had a minimal impact on our Q4 results, but we expect there to be an annualized net sales impact of roughly $40 million going forward. This will primarily be reflected in our Refrigerated & Frozen segment with small effects on our International and Foodservice segments. We estimate that the sale will have a total annualized impact on our EPS of approximately $0.01. As Sean mentioned, we are pleased with our current position in the market and are confident in our ability to continue executing the Conagra Way to drive profitable growth as we look ahead. However, we have experienced an acceleration of inflation since Q3. And due to the timing lag between when this inflation hits our P&L and when the benefits of our pricing and productivity actions take effect, we do not expect to fully offset the impact of these cost increases in time to meet our prior fiscal '22 EPS projections. We do expect, however, second half fiscal '22 EPS to be in line with what we assumed for the second half in our prior guidance. We are, therefore, updating our guidance as shown on Slide 37. For fiscal '22, we now expect organic net sales growth approximately flat to fiscal '21, adjusted operating margin of approximately 16% and adjusted EPS of approximately $2.50. While this guidance is our best estimate of how we will perform in fiscal '22, our ultimate performance will be highly dependent on 4 critical factors: first, how consumers purchase food as restaurants, offices and schools continue to reopen; second, the level of inflation we ultimately experience; third, the elasticity impact as consumers respond to higher prices; and finally, the ability of our end-to-end supply chain to continue to operate effectively. Slide 38 shows the progression of our fiscal '22 inflation expectations, the continued acceleration being the biggest driver of the change in our guidance. When we initially gave our fiscal '22 targets at our Investor Day in April of 2019, our models assumed an annual inflation rate of around 3%. At the time of our third quarter call, in April of 2021, we expected fiscal '22 inflation to come in at twice that level around 6%. Importantly, as of the Q3 call, we still saw a path to deliver our fiscal '22 targets. Not only is our brand health strong as evidenced by the strong consumer demand, we know how to pull on all margin levers. That said, there is a limit to how much cost increase we can absorb in the short term given the timing lag that Sean and I have discussed. And as all of you know, inflation has continued to rise sharply since April. We now currently expect fiscal '22 inflation to come in around 9%. The difference between the 6% we expected a few months ago and the 9% we expect today equates to approximately $255 million in additional costs during fiscal '22. The bulk of this inflation can be attributed to continued increases in the cost of edible fats and oils, proteins, packaging and transportation since the timing of our Q3 call. While we are able to hedge some of our inputs, others, particularly certain proteins are not easily hedged. As Sean mentioned, we have various levers at our disposal that we are actively and strategically pulling to manage this inflation, but the profit lag effect is real. For example, certain pricing actions can take 90 days to enact or a cost savings initiative may not be actionable until later in the year when a contract is up for review. So while we anticipate being able to successfully manage inflation over time, the continued sharp increases to input costs we are currently experiencing will take some time to overcome. And given our disciplined approach to managing the business for the long term, we will not reduce investments to meet the guidance target at the expense of the long-term health of our business. Slide 40 lays out the change in our adjusted EPS expectations in a bit more detail. We are updating our fiscal '22 adjusted EPS guidance for 3 items. First, consistent with our prior divestitures, we are removing $0.01 for the Egg Beaters divestiture that we announced today. Second, the largest driver of the change is the significant $0.41 per share increase in inflation since Q3 that I just discussed. And finally, we have identified many ways to manage and offset this increased inflation, including additional productivity and cost savings initiatives as well as substantial pricing actions that Sean and I have discussed. Again, the bulk of these margin offsets will start to hit our P&L in the second quarter and continue to increase in the second half, which is why we expect second half EPS to be in line with what we assumed for second half EPS in our prior fiscal '22 guidance. Slide 41 lays out some of the key assumptions that underlie our fiscal '22 expectations. On the top line, we expect organic net sales growth to be stronger in the second half of the year compared to the first. We expect children to return to in-person schooling and more employees to start returning to in-office work in the fall. So while we expect continued strong demand for our products, we also expect COVID-19-related volume benefits to start to slow at the end of our first quarter. Additionally, we have good acceptance from customers on our pricing actions so far, but we expect the majority of our pricing to start hitting the market at the end of Q1. We expect the timing of the scale-up to benefit the second half. We also expect our second half operating margins to be better than the first half. This is driven by our expectation that Q1 will be the most pressured quarter of the year. Q1 is expected to have the highest inflation rate of the year and benefit the least from pricing. At the same time, we have planned strong investments behind A&P and innovation for the first quarter. As the year progresses, we expect margins to improve as the inflation rate decelerates and the impacts of our margin lever actions take hold. As you heard Sean discussed, we also plan to continue maintaining strong brand-building support throughout the year to sustain the long-term health of the business. Turning to Slide 42. I think it's important to highlight that we expect the actions we are taking in fiscal '22 to create some tailwinds heading into fiscal '23. As we mentioned, we expect our second half EPS to be in line with what we assumed for second half EPS in our prior guidance. So as we head into fiscal '23, we expect our profitability trend to be in line with our prior expectations. We expect our brand building and innovation actions to help maintain retail demand above pre-COVID-19 levels. At the same time, we expect to retain the consumers we have attracted during the pandemic while continuing to attract more. Next, the pricing and productivity actions we are taking will have year-on-year -- year-over-year benefits in fiscal '23 until we lap them. We also plan to continue executing our realized productivity programs to benefit our longer-term margins. Finally, while we expect to have reductions in COVID-19-related costs in fiscal '22, we believe there will be additional opportunities to reduce these costs even further in fiscal '23. Turning to capital allocation. As noted in our release this morning, our Board of Directors has approved a 14% increase to our annual dividend, which is summarized on Slide 43. I'm pleased that our strong balance sheet and our confidence in the long-term health and profitability of the business has put us in a position to raise our quarterly dividend to $0.3125 or $1.25 on an annualized basis beginning in September. This new dividend level represents a 50% payout ratio based on our fiscal '22 EPS guidance, which is in line with our longer-term targets. Before I close, I also want to provide some brief color on our tax asset in the disclosure you will see in our upcoming 10-K filing. As some of you remember, when we sold our private label business in 2016, we incurred a tax capital loss of approximately $4 billion that we could apply as a carryforward to offset capital gains generated through fiscal year-end '21. We always held true to the principle that we would not divest assets solely because of the existence of the asset, but our team has repeatedly looked for opportunities to maximize the asset's use. Since 2016, we utilized approximately half of the asset as we divested businesses that either weren't a strategic fit with our portfolio or were valued in excess of our internal expectations by another party. We also utilized a portion of the asset in connection with the Q4 fiscal '21 restructuring of our ownership in Ardent Mills. And before year-end, when the carryforward expired, we took additional actions that we believe should allow us to utilize a portion of the remaining capital loss carryforward in future period. We are currently engaged with the IRS regarding these actions and plan to continue to update our disclosure on this matter as the process unfolds. It's important to note that there is no guarantee that we will be successful in achieving this favorable treatment of the tax asset. However, if we are successful, we could have some additional opportunity for future tax efficiency as we continue to strategically manage our portfolio of brands and investments. That concludes our prepared remarks for today's call. Thanks to everyone for listening. I'll now pass it back to the operator who can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And today's first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
David Marberger: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. I'd like to start off with your commentary around the timing lag, obviously, of pricing to inflation. Would it be your expectation that the EBIT margin exiting fiscal '22, would be within your initial 18% to 19% forecast range, suggesting, let's say, no structural impediments? And if not, I would be curious as to why that would be?
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, the absolute earnings power of the business as we exit the year is expected in dollars to be right where we thought it was previously. So our focus there as we take through these transition windows and take price is on protecting pricing dollars. And then our outlook beyond '22, we'll lay out in more detail when we do our investor meeting. But suffice it to say, we continue to see margin runway in the business as we move ahead, and we'll get into details on that later. Dave, do you want to add some more color to that?
David Marberger: Yes, just to build on that. So Andrew, our run rate earnings, as Sean said, for the second half, is the same as it was in our previous guidance. And that should really be the base as we think about fiscal '23 earnings. Regarding margins, the pricing we're taking is to offset inflation dollars, which compresses our operating margin in the short-term. But we expect our operating margins are going to improve in the second half versus the first half as the pricing fully hits the market, and we feel good about the runway for expanding margins as we get into fiscal '23. So we're going to give more specifics on our updated long-term algorithm in our spring investor meeting, but we feel good about how we'll exit '22 and the runway for margin going into '23.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then if organic sales, let's say, slows more than expected in fiscal '22, which I think some investors are clearly concerned about, just given the challenging comps and such, trying to get a sense of how much risk that puts to your $2.50 EPS guidance or really, in other words, how much flexibility perhaps you've been able to build in to deal with some variability that could come in organic sales growth.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, Sean here. As I've said many times, some years, you get to your sales number on the back of volume. Some years, you get there on the back of price. And obviously, this is a year of inflation, which means a year of price. And what I can tell you is, overall, we think our sales outlook is a prudent guide based on prudent assumptions, particularly around stickiness and elasticities. We did plan for some stickiness, but as Dave said in his prepared remarks, we also plan for some erosion to creep back in as we get closer to fall. On elasticities, our early elasticities do look good versus our estimates. And in my mind, they're likely to be aided by the ubiquity of the price increases in the grocery store. I think you call it strength in numbers. But in addition to that, even more so by higher prices in away-from-home food, which could further help stickiness. On top of those factors, we expect improved supply, which is going to help our service. We have an excellent '22 innovation slate. Our '21 innovation slate still has a lot more trial yet to happen, and we will be adding back some very select and prudent promotion dollars because we have confidence that the sales they'll generate will be incremental versus not adding them back. So overall, we like where we sit at the top line.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, two for me, if I can. First, I think industry standard in this industry is for pricing, especially list pricing really to be on a 60- to 90-day lag after it's announced. Is there any delay or lag in that timeline from what you're seeing? Just thinking about the timing of inflation versus when your pricing comes in? Or is it really within a range that you think is pretty typical for this industry?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Sure, Ken. Let me unpack that for you. First of all, we have ample tools to navigate inflation and the lag to pricing is no longer than normal. On pricing, the way it works is pretty straightforward. First, you don't generally get a customer to accept inflation-justified pricing until they're confident it's not transitory inflation. So it's not the day it shows up. It's after it's clearly established. Once that happens, it's around 90 days before you see the impact in the P&L. And then if inflation keeps moving, and this is what we've been dealing with, you take additional waves of action and the clock starts over. So if you look at where we were after our Q3 call, when inflation had run up to 6%, we were still finalizing our '22 AOP and we still saw a path to our previous EPS range. But since that time, inflation accelerated further by over $250 million, and that prompted us to develop additional plans to offset the additional inflation, and we've been hustling to implement those plans. But mechanically, there is a real lag effect. And when you have multiple waves of actions, at some point, you can't offset the increasing inflation in short-term windows, at least not without doing things that would ultimately destroy shareholder value like cutting investments in the business or investments in our people. So overall, we feel really good about our company. Our business has been very strong across the board. We continue to lead in innovation. We've delevered as planned. We continue to raise our dividend, and our people remain highly engaged. Now we've got inflation. It happens. You deal with it, and we are. The team is taking, my judgment, all the right actions. And the portfolio, importantly, is better positioned to navigate this dynamic than it was previously in the years gone by. So the net of all of this is a temporary window of profit pressure followed by a strong rebound. And that's how these cycles work when they're managed well, and that's how it will unfold from here. And specifically, as Dave just said, as we exit the year, the run rate earnings power of the business is expected to be exactly where we thought it would be before.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. That's very clear. Thank you. And then for a follow-up, you did talk about a few levers to manage inflation besides just pricing. One of them is optimizing fixed cost leverage. I wanted to ask about that because you'll probably have negative sales growth this year, including the divestiture of Egg Beaters, so I'm not quite sure where that sales leverage or that fixed cost leverage comes from. You also talked about customer charges. I wasn't sure what that meant. You talked about acquisitions and divestitures just as an item in there. I wasn't sure where you were going with that. So any help with those three sort of levers to offset inflation would be helpful. Thanks.
David Marberger: Yes, Ken, let me take a shot at this. Let me approach it by talking about operating margins. So we finished fiscal '21 around 17.5%. So our guidance of approximately 16% is 150 basis points reduction. So if you kind of look at the key drivers, it obviously starts with inflation, which is approximately 9%. This is the estimated market inflation before coverage. So that creates about a 650-basis point headwind to operating margin. Our total realized productivity, which is our core productivity, our sourcing coverage, Pinnacle synergies and then the reduction of the COVID costs are over 5% of last year's COGS. So this is a tailwind to operating margin of about 400 basis points. The net impact of all of our pricing actions, mix actions is a tailwind of about 150 basis points. And this includes our pricing for the year, which is somewhere between 3% to 4%, and that's not an annualized number because of the lag, partially offset by a bit of certain increased merchandising programs and then the mix with Foodservice. So there's a lot in there. There's a lot of puts and takes. But in terms of our core productivity, when you include the reduction of COVID and the sourcing benefits, we're over 5% of cost of goods sold against that 9% inflation. So those are the key drivers.
Kenneth Goldman: All right. Thanks, Dave. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So Dave, just a first question from me is just on, it seems like the guide, the $2.50 guidance implies some benefit below the operating profit line. So I'm not sure if I missed it, but it seems like it's -- if you just take flat sales on a 16% margin, you get to around $2.30. So there seems to be a $0.20 gap between that. So is there -- can you just help us with below the operating profit line, maybe what some of the puts and takes are there?
David Marberger: Yes. I mean, we have 2 major things there with pension income and then our equity interest, which is primarily Ardent, and then our tax rate. We expect the tax rate to be 23% to 24%. So that will be in line. So it's really benefits that we're going to get from Ardent and pension.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then second one, just related to cash flow. I know you've got your rapid deleveraging targets for the end of '21. And so just given the implied sort of drop in operating income in '22, would you expect to still be within your targets on leverage? Or might it drift up a little bit? And if you could also help us with the CapEx number for '22, that would be helpful.
David Marberger: Yes. Sure. So Bryan, we're still on our target of 3.5x. As we always have at Conagra, we have a seasonality, right? So we will build inventories really in the first half of the year. So you'll see a spike up in our working capital. So you always see kind of you'd see leverage kind of spike up seasonally and then it would come down, so by the end of the year, we're back in line where our target is. So you can expect that again this year. The one question is, from an inventory perspective, where we want to lean in a little bit more depending on where the business is and where demand is and build some more safety stock versus where do we plan it. But we'll manage that in the overall aggregate of kind of managing cash flow. So that's the plan, but there is a seasonality as we go through, and it clearly spikes up Q1, Q2 and then it comes down in the second half. And I'm sorry, what was your second question?
Bryan Spillane: Just capital spending, if you could help us with the CapEx for this year, '22.
David Marberger: Yes, we're estimating $475 million in CapEx in fiscal '22. And big piece of that is our continued construction of our new Birds Eye plant, which we're very excited about.
Operator: The next question today comes from David Palmer of Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Just eyeballing Slide #40, that bracket that you labeled the timing lag effect. It looks like something like $0.15 per share in earnings. And just putting that into an annual EBIT margin headwind, it would be something like 80 basis points or so or maybe double that if it all happens in the first half. So it would feel like based on the rough math that you're implying something like EBIT margins in the 14 in the first half, 17 in the second half. Does that seem about right? Is that the sort of cadence you're thinking about?
David Marberger: Yes, I think that's fair, David. I would say Q1, and I said this in my prepared remarks, we do expect that to be the lowest margin quarter of the year because we're going to get hit with the highest inflation rate and the pricing will not fully be in effect. So that's probably going to be more in line with where we came in for Q4 fiscal '21, but then you'll clearly see a ramp-up. So the way you're looking at it, I would say, is accurate.
David Palmer: And I don't want to be too greedy, but you did mention that some of the productivity initiatives would be perhaps even more back-weighted than the pricing. So thinking about -- and I know you're not going to give us guidance for fiscal '23, but I want to think about, realistically, if that 17 can build up even higher going forward, as you have some catch-up in some of the productivity that goes with this big spike, perhaps historic spike in input cost into next year. And then I just want to squeeze in one more and that is on growth spending. What sort of growth spending are you baking into fiscal '22? And I'll stop.
Sean Connolly: Well, just one quick comment on outlook beyond '22. We're not going to get into detail today, David. But our playbook around here is around perpetually reshaping the portfolio for better growth and better margins. And so there are a lot of things that we think we can continue to do over time to drive both growth and both margins. One of the things that we've been doing for the better part of 5 years now is premiumizing the portfolio. And that is -- we historically, as many of you know, have been around for a while, had a lot of our products that were very low priced $1 or below. We've worked hard to get those price points up. It's one of the interesting things about our company in this window we're in right now is we still think our products' price points have room to move north based on the quality that we offer and the modernization that we've put into our innovation. And sometimes you need a catalyst to continue to get those price points really in sync with the value proposition that we're offering. And so the optimist in us here is actually looking at some of what we're navigating here as a positive thing because it continues to fuel our premiumization and modernization strategy, which ultimately leads to better dollar realization per unit and better margins over time.
David Marberger: Yes, just on the spending side, our Q1 A&P is going to be up. It was down in Q1 of fiscal '21. That was partially COVID related. But if you look at kind of the run rate where we finished the last 2 quarters in fiscal '21 and kind of where we're going to be in first quarter of fiscal '22, that's a good kind of run rate for A&P as we think about the full year '22.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jason English at Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on a strong finish to the year. A couple of quick questions. First, I think you've mentioned that your back-half EPS guidance is unchanged from what you expected before. I don't recall what your back-half EPS guidance was. So can you remind us of what your expectations were and I guess where they still are?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Just -- this is a language thing, but we didn't say that the EPS guidance because we didn't give back-half EPS guidance for the 2 quarters. We gave guidance for the year. But the notion we're trying to get at here is that the earnings power of the business in the back half is exactly where we thought it would be at a dollar basis, what was embedded within our existing algorithm. Would you say that any differently, Dave?
David Marberger: Yes. Another way to think about it is a little under half of our annual EPS has historically come from the second half. So yes, if our prior guidance had an assumption that was pretty close to that split, so if you look at our prior guidance range and apply that math, you should be in the ballpark for H2 for this year.
Jason English: That's really helpful. And I want to go similar to Mr. Goldman's questions on the puts and takes to offset the inflation. You've got trade optimization on there. And I think you're not the first company to sort of highlight it. But I guess my question is, in regards to the COVID duration, we seem to have gone through a period where there is tremendous trade optimization during COVID when promotions are pulled from the system. Are you implying that there's opportunity to pull back even further on trade? Because I think a lot of us and a lot of investors, in particular, are expecting just the opposite to happen. We'll lap the period where trade was subdued and promotions were subdued and they'll come back into the system and be a net price offset. You seem to be implying the opposite is true. And I'm just curious if that's indeed the case; and if so, why?
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think the thing you got to do here, Jason, is we've got to double-click down on what is trade, what's within trade. Trade is kind of a catch-all term. And within that catchall basket, there, historically in our experience, had been a lot of inefficiency. And as you've seen us do over the years, we've tried to purge a lot of that inefficiency out. And then there's some stuff that is under the heading of trade that works. So we see both opportunities to continue to get more efficient in some of the areas that have historically been inefficient in trade, and that could be fixed cost trade. It could be unhelpful promotions. So those are things where we can continue to get more efficient. By the same token, there are -- as I mentioned earlier, there are some opportunities to feather back in some trade to drive incremental volume. And the operative word there being incremental. And so we're -- this is the promotional investment part of trade spend. So the way I think about it is this, there's good promotional investments, meaning strong IRR. And those are the ones that drive incremental sales, sales that simply would not happen, but for the promotion. Then there's bad promotion investments. And those are the ones that do not drive incremental sales but merely cannibalize higher margin base sales. If you think about the height of the pandemic, we sold everything we could make as base sales. So promoted sales were inherently not incremental, which is why across the industry, you saw promotions fall. On the other side of the pandemic, base sales start to normalize, and that does leave room for good promotional investments to drive incremental sales, and those are sales that help overall sales and profitability. So the key to being good trade managers, trade spend managers are being able to identify those buckets where there's inefficiency continue to purge that out but not be blind to opportunities to drive incremental sales and profit, the good IRR investments. And that's why you got to get into the details on this giant catch-all bucket that we all call trade.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher Growe : I just had a question for you first and just to make sure I understand on the level of inflation. It's 9% on a market basis. What is it though for Conagra inclusive of, say, the hedging and sourcing benefits? What's the right percentage to -- even if it's back of the envelope to kind of figure out for the company overall?
David Marberger: Chris, we kind of talk about that in kind of the market inflation, which is the 9% and then all of the offsets, including the hedging. So that's over 5% of total cost of goods sold. So we don't break out the specific piece. So we kind of included in total productivity.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Got it. And then I'm just curious, can your second half margin be up versus the second half of fiscal '21? So rather than sequentially, can it be up versus the prior year because of the pricing that's coming through?
David Marberger: Yes. I'm not going to get into that level of detail, but it clearly is up versus the first half.
Sean Connolly: It's really -- our focus -- as you go into these acute inflationary periods, Chris, our focus becomes how do we recapture every profit dollar. And the math will affect in the short term the percentage, but we're focused on recapturing the profit dollars. And that's the earnings power that we expect to be spot on as we get to the back half.
David Marberger: Yes, Chris, let me -- we will be up versus second half of '21.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Yes. I didn't -- I appreciate that color. And just one final quick one would be that as you think about your pricing, and I'm looking ahead maybe it's second half, maybe fiscal '23, but do you expect that pricing would more than offset the dollar inflation coming through the business at some point in time when you achieve that full pricing? Can you achieve that level of pricing? A lot of companies are talking about that. We'll see if it happens. So I'm just curious if you're thinking of that the same way.
Sean Connolly: Well, we'll see how it plays out. I mean this is the way these pricing -- these acute inflationary periods work, Chris, is the -- you get -- the inflation is your foe in the early days, and it could be your friend as you lap it in the first quarter or 2 that you lap it because you got the pricing at that point baked in, and hopefully you've reached a new equilibrium in terms of cost and you start to see meaningful margin recovery. That's why on a kind of a rolling 12-month basis once we get through this first quarter, you're going to see -- you're going to -- at that point in time, you're going to see a very strong performance in the business overall. But this is why being fulsome in our approach to offset inflation, including broad-based pricing across our categories across the portfolio, is a huge piece of the game. And I'm very pleased to see that the team is executing it the way we want it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for the final remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-04-08 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney with Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our strong third quarter results, our perspective on how Conagra is succeeding in the current environment, and how we are well positioned to drive future growth from behavioral tailwinds. So lets get started. Our business continued to perform well, both in the absolute and relative to competition during the third quarter. Our ability to deliver for stakeholders during this pandemic is not only a testament to our teams ability to adapt to the current environment, but a reflection of the work weve done to transform our business over the past five-plus years. Our ongoing execution of the Conagra Way playbook perpetually reshaping our portfolio and capabilities for better growth and better margins has enabled us to rise to the occasion during the COVID-19 pandemic and has positioned the business to excel in the future. During the third quarter, we continued to build on our momentum and invested across the company to further strengthen the business. This included ongoing investments in physical availability to ensure our products are accessible online and in-stores, and mental availability to ensure we are making the right connections with our consumers. As Ive said previously, the COVID-19 pandemic has presented an incredible consumer trialing opportunity. Our innovation and marketing approach has enabled us to secure not only strong trial, but also strong repeat rates and market share gains. Based on the evidence we are seeing, which I will summarize today, we expect to emerge from the pandemic with structurally higher volumes and share, driven by the stickiness of the COVID-driven demand. But to be clear, we are not relying on these benefits to achieve our fiscal 2022 organic net sales guidance. Given our confidence in the longer term value creation opportunities of our business, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 300 million of shares in the quarter. We remain committed to a balanced approach to capital allocation, which includes investing in our business, maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings, executing smart M&A, and returning capital to shareholders via share repurchases and paying an attractive dividend. Our decision to repurchase shares demonstrates our willingness to capitalize on occasions when we believe we are undervalued. As we navigate the current environment, we are seeing input cost inflation accelerate in many of our categories and across the industry. Dave will detail multiple levers we have to manage this inflation. And finally, we are, again, reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance. Ill unpack these items a bit further in a moment, but I want to start by acknowledging our frontline team. Our supply chain is a vital component of our success and I want to commend our team, once again, for their extraordinary execution amid the COVID-19 pandemic. I am extremely proud of the thousands of hardworking Conagra team members whose dedication has enabled our industry-leading performance. We remain focused on keeping employees safe while meeting the needs of our communities, customers and consumers. And Id like to thank everyone at Conagra for making this possible. Lets get into the business update. As the table on Slide 8 shows, our organic net sales growth of 9.7% exceeded our expectations in the quarter, despite the winter storm in February, causing a small temporary disruption in the supply chain. We also delivered adjusted operating margin of 16% and adjusted EPS of $0.59, both in line with our quarterly guidance. This strong performance was driven by our continued execution of the Conagra Way playbook. The foundation of everything we do is building superior products with modern attributes, great taste and contemporary packaging. Our third quarter results demonstrate the continued strong performance of our new innovation, which is being accepted by customers and sought after by consumers. Once we have the products right, we need to make sure that consumers and customers have access to it across all channels. As we will detail today, this is exemplified by our investments in transportation to ensure physical availability amid elevated demand. And finally, we support the mental availability of our products to ensure we connect with consumers in the right place, at the right time, and with the right messages. In the third quarter, we supported our brands with continued investments in e-commerce and digital marketing. Our playbook is not just a slogan, its the framework we use to run the business and it continues to deliver great results. During the third quarter, we grew retail sales 13.8% with each of our domains: frozen, staples, and snacks outpacing the industry. As a result, we grew share in each of our domains. Our strong broad-based growth and share gains were fueled by both our superior penetration and repeat purchase rates in the quarter. Slide 11 shows that our household penetration rate during the third quarter was on average, double that of our top 15 peers and we outpaced those same peers in terms of repeat purchase rate. As I mentioned a minute ago, the Conagra Way playbook starts with building superior products. When we began this journey over five years ago, we recognized that we had a lot of latent potential in the portfolio, but it had to be modernized. So we set out to aggressively do just that. And you will recall that we established a goal of having 15% of our annual retail sales come from products launched within the preceding three years. As you can see on Slide 12, our innovation performance has consistently exceeded our 15% goal over the last two fiscal years and through the last 52 weeks. And our fiscal 2021 innovation is performing even better than prior year innovation. Compared to last years launches, the products we introduced through the third quarter this fiscal 2021 have achieved 66% more sales per UPC and 53% more distribution points per UPC than during the comparable time period last year. And as you can see on Slide 13, many of our new innovations are leading their categories. Looking ahead, we are starting to see strong customer acceptance of our fiscal 2022 innovation. Customers trust our innovation track record and rely on our new products to drive consumer trial and overall category growth. Slide 14 shows just a few of our exciting innovations that we will begin shipping in fiscal 2022. Critical to our ability to sustain our growing relevancy with consumers is the physical availability of our products, whether through brick-and-mortar or online. And Slide 15 demonstrates how our ongoing investments in e-commerce have continued to yield results. Conagra has outpaced total edible retail sales in e-commerce growth each quarter throughout the pandemic and we have grown share in e-commerce across 76% of our brands over the past year. As weve discussed before, we believe that e-commerce investment is a high ROI opportunity to deliver our message to consumers. Slide 16 details some of the specific benefits to expanding our e-commerce platform, e-commerce shoppers over indexed to younger millennial consumers. When consumers start to shop online, they are likely to continue the behavior and become heavy users of a brand and online shoppers in general have higher brand loyalty than those shopping in store. All of this demonstrates the opportunity for superior lifetime value thats being generated by our e-commerce investment and growth. Now lets turn briefly to each of our retail domains and start with frozen on Slide 17. Total Conagra frozen retail sales grew an impressive 12% on both a one and two-year basis in the quarter, which is an acceleration from the second quarter. And as Slide 18 demonstrates, our growth in frozen accelerated on a sequential basis across many of our leading brands and categories. Our snacks business also continued to deliver strong growth throughout the third quarter. As you can see on Slide 19, we generated double-digit retail sales growth on a year-over-year and two-year basis in snacking, led by impressive increases across popcorn, sweet treats, and meat snacks. And as consumers continued snacking at elevated rates, we capitalized with strong Q3 velocity growth across our leading brands. Our staples portfolio also delivered solid results in Q3, including 15% retail sales growth led by double-digit quarterly growth across key staples categories. And as Slide 22 shows, the broad-based growth we delivered in the third quarter exceeded the already strong growth we delivered in the second quarter. People are returning to their kitchens during the pandemic, and new younger consumers are discovering the joy of cooking. As weve discussed before, the current environment has resulted in consumers trying or reengaging with our staples products and coming back again and again. Overall, I am very pleased with our in-market performance across the portfolio this quarter. And its even more impressive, given the fact that we delivered these results despite continued supply constraints resulting from sustained elevated demand outpacing our ability to supply. And that takes us to what we see looking ahead. As we try to understand where consumer trends are going, its always helpful to look back at lessons from recent history. During the 2008, 2009 recession, we saw consumers shift from primarily consuming meals sourced away-from-home to meals sourced in-home. While this shift is not surprising during the heart of a recession, its important to recognize that the change in behavior, although event-driven, lasted well past the recovery. And we believe that a good portion of that change in behavior was driven by the formation of new habits. Psychology experts assert that it takes on average, 66 days for a new behavior to become habitual. As you all know, we are nearly 400 days into the COVID-19 pandemic. Consumers have adapted to at-home eating and formed new habits that we expect to sustain well beyond the current conditions. And early data supports our hypothesis. If you take a sampling of data from states that have been the most open, based on the mobility of their residents throughout the pandemic, what youll find is the two-year growth rates in retail sales are materially higher than pre-pandemic and fairly consistent as states reopen and stay open. So while people are starting to leave their homes more frequently, they are still choosing to eat at home. Consumers are largely maintaining the habits theyve acquired over the past 400 days, just like psychology predicts. And while we are poised to benefit from sustained elevated at-home eating, we are not resting on our laurels or taking our consumers for granted. We are continuing to invest behind our brands to create connections with consumers. Slide 27 shows just one fun example of our innovative approach to brand building. We listen to our communities and identify the trends that resonate with them. As an example, the Slim Jim community online was built on memes. Given that fact, Doge and Dogecoin were a natural fit for our brand. Since joining the online conversation about the do-good-everyday sentiment of Dogecoin, weve tapped into another channel for Slim Jim to engage with its community. Weve seen a market uptick in audience interaction, including direct engagement and advocacy from the person that created Dogecoin as you can see on this slide. Not only is this community hungry for our product and new innovation, but theyve also been quick to rally behind the brand, playing a large part in Slim Jim being crowned the champion of Adweeks March Adness Bracket of the top 64 brands. On its way to the title, Slim Jim defeated Doritos, Pepsi, Amazon, Wendys, M&M and Oreo in head-to-head match-ups. We are excited about this and you should be on the lookout for additional crypto-themed activations in the future. And Slim Jim is just one example of how we are connecting with the consumer. Since the onset of COVID-19 last March, weve gained the equivalent of more than four years worth of incremental new buyers. COVID has effectively supercharged new trial at a level rarely seen in our industry. Importantly, we are winning with younger consumers; nearly half of our new buyers are millennials and Gen Z. The steady trends shown on Slide 29 demonstrates that these new buyers are even more likely to repeat purchases across many of our key brands. They are discovering our modernized portfolio and developing new habits and include our products. And as you can see on Slide 30, we are outpacing our peers in terms of repeat rate as consumers are flocking to our brands more than to those of our top competitors across all of our domains. And we continue to believe that we are very well positioned to capture the benefits of consumer behavior post-pandemic. Lets start with frozen. The adoption of remote work provides a structural increase in the demand for frozen food compared to pre-COVID levels. Importantly, some aspects of the remote workforce adoption are expected to be permanent and this shift to remote work has the biggest impact on lunch and dinner occasions, the meals with the largest exposure to frozen foods. Our portfolio of brands and products uniquely meet these consumers needs. Our frozen portfolio over indexes in these occasions by offering hyper-convenient meals and sides perfect for a quick lunch or a family dinner. In addition to enjoying more food cooked together at home and including frozen as a key part of those meals, consumers are making what we believe is a significant and lasting shift to at-home entertainment. People increased their time spent watching digital video by over 40% in 2020. Recent studies and our understanding of habit formation tell us that this shift towards at-home entertainment is likely to continue post-pandemic. When consumers, particularly the younger generations move their entertainment to the home, they increase the number of at-home snacking occasions. And during those occasions, consumers are choosing our brands, time and time again. And as Ive already touched on, younger groups are engaging more and more with our Staples segment as they learn how to cook at home. As the chart on the left demonstrates, young adults are increasingly moving from urban areas to smaller cities and suburbs where there are fewer options for eating away from home. And as the chart on the right demonstrates, these young consumers, Gen Z and millennials are increasingly engaging with Conagras staples portfolio as they discover their kitchens. Today, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance. As I said earlier, we are not incorporating expectations about the stickiness of COVID-driven demand in our reaffirmation of the organic net sales guidance. However, as we have detailed today, we are increasingly confident that we will benefit from the stickiness of the pandemic-driven demand. And as Dave will discuss, while the current inflationary environment provides us more of a challenge on margin than we were originally expecting, we will be pulling on all of our margin levers to manage through the current environment and remain focused on delivering our profitability targets. So to summarize, we continued to deliver solid execution during the third quarter and our business remains strong in the absolute and relative to peers. While inflation is accelerating, we have multiple levers to manage inflation and drive margin improvement and we are continuing our execution of the Conagra Way playbook which includes investments to capitalize on significant behavioral tailwinds. And with that, Ill turn it over to Dave.
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Ill start my remarks by calling out a few third quarter performance highlights which are captured on Slide 37. As we have detailed this morning, the business continued to perform very well throughout the third quarter. Strong execution from the supply chain and outstanding performance by our teams across the company enabled us to exceed expectations for net sales during the third quarter while meeting margin and earnings targets, as we continue to strategically invest in the business while managing inflation. Overall, reported and organic net sales for the quarter increased 8.5% and 9.7% respectively compared to the same period a year ago. Adjusted gross margin increased 12 basis points to 27.5% and adjusted operating margin increased 31 basis points to 16% in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased 9.9% to $566 million in the quarter, while adjusted diluted EPS grew to $0.59, up 25.5%. Slide 38 illustrates the drivers of our 8.5% net sales growth versus the same period a year ago. The 9.7% increase in organic net sales was driven by a 6.1% increase in volume connected to the continued increase in at-home food consumption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. A favorable price mix impact contributed a 3.6% increase to our organic sales growth. As Sean mentioned, our organic sales growth was impacted a bit from the February winter storms that impacted our ability to deliver products for a short time during the quarter. Our strong organic net sales growth was partially offset by the impact of a 1.2% decrease associated with the divestitures of the Lenders, H.K. Anderson and Peter Pan businesses as well as the exit of the private label peanut butter business. As a reminder, we completed the divestiture of our Peter Pan business on January 25, which was approximately two months into our fiscal third quarter. Turning to slide 39, you will find a summary of our net sales by segment. In the third quarter, we saw continued growth in each of our three retail segments on both a reported and organic basis as the continuation of elevated demand for at-home food consumption benefited these segments. Our Foodservice segment was negatively impacted by reduced demand away-from-home. Importantly, innovation momentum in our Retail segments continued throughout the quarter. Slide 40 outlines the adjusted operating margin bridge for the third quarter versus the prior year. As you can see, our adjusted operating margin increased 30 basis points to 16%, in line with our guidance range for the quarter. Our adjusted gross margin increased by 12 basis points in the quarter versus the same period a year ago as our margin levers of mix, cost management, fixed cost leverage and pricing more than offset the combination of inflation and COVID-related costs. Included in the 180 basis points of COVID-related costs is 60 basis points of additional transportation investments that we made during the quarter. Ill discuss those in more detail in a moment. A&P increased 11.8% in the quarter, primarily driven by higher e-commerce marketing investments, particularly for the Refrigerated & Frozen segment. And finally, our adjusted SG&A rate was favorable to our operating margin by 30 basis points versus a year-ago as net sales grew at a faster pace than SG&A. Id now like to touch on certain transportation investments we made in the quarter. These are incremental transportation costs incurred on top of the core transportation inflation we experienced. So weve included these in our COVID-19-related costs in the margin bridge. These investments had a negative impact on our margins, but they helped us deliver more profit dollars. As you can see by Q3 organic net sales exceeding guidance, demand was higher than we expected during the quarter. To adequately service this demand, we made the decision to invest approximately $15 million in the quarter. This meant aggressively seeking out every available truck and adjusting how we ship to customers. To best service demand for certain brands, we had to bypass our normal distribution network and ship directly to customers. While we incurred additional costs to implement these actions, which impacted our operating margin, this enabled us to minimize out of stocks, maximize on-shelf availability, and maximize profit dollars. COVID has provided a period of significant elevated consumer trial of our brands and our innovation has outperformed expectations, allowing us to gain share with existing and new consumers. Investing to keep product on shelves to support this momentum and to support our retail customers while they manage tighter inventory levels was an easy business decision for us. While we expect demand to remain elevated for the foreseeable future, we believe we will be in a position to start rebuilding inventory over the next two quarters, which we believe will start removing the need for these incremental investments. I want to take a moment to comment on the input cost inflation we are seeing in the market and provide an overview of what we are doing to navigate it. As you can see on Slide 42, inflation increased 3.9% in the third quarter. This was higher than our 3.5% estimate and reflects the broad-based impact on the cost of materials, manufacturing and transportation and logistics. We expect the rate of inflation to continue to accelerate over the next few quarters. Fortunately, we have a variety of levers that can be used to offset this pressure, including pricing. We have already mobilized our inflation justified pricing plans with some actions already in market, others communicated to customers, and some yet to come. History shows us that price adjustments are more likely to be accepted in the market when industry-wide and broad-based input cost inflation occurs and thats the environment we see today. We will also leverage our capabilities beyond just pricing to offset margin pressure, including overall mix management, cost savings measures such as our ongoing supply chain realized productivity programs and the optimization of our fixed cost leverage. In short, we will continue to closely evaluate the impact of inflation on our business and are confident in our ability to utilize our entire toolkit to manage through this environment. Turning to Slide 43, you can see an outline of our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment for the quarter. We are very happy with the continued profit growth in our retail business in the quarter, which more than offsets the decline in foodservice. Slide 44 summarizes the drivers of our third quarter adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations. In the quarter, our adjusted diluted EPS of $0.59 increased by 25.5% compared to the same period a year ago. The growth in the quarter was primarily driven by the increase in adjusted operating profit associated with the net sales increase and margin expansion as well as reduced interest expense driven by lower debt. Slide 45 summarizes Conagras net debt and cash flow information. We ended the third quarter with our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio at our longer term target of 3.5x, which is down from 4.8x a year-ago. With our balance sheet in a stronger position, and given our strong operating cash flow, we have increased our investments in the business. Our year-to-date CapEx increased over $130 million compared to last year to fund important capacity and productivity projects. The combination of the improved balance sheet and strong free cash flow generation has enabled us to return additional capital to shareholders by our recently increased dividend as well as by executing our first share repurchases since the close of the Pinnacle acquisition. During the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 8.8 million shares for $298 million, demonstrating our willingness to capitalize on occasions when we believe we are undervalued. Looking forward, we will continue to be focused on executing a balanced capital allocation policy, focused on driving sustainable value creation. We remain committed to maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings as we use the strength of our cash flow and balance sheet to opportunistically play offense as compelling investment opportunities arise in the future. Slide 46 summarizes our current outlook. As we have said throughout our comments today, Conagras business is performing well and we remain optimistic regarding our ability to generate continued strong performance in the quarters ahead. For the fourth quarter, we expect organic net sales to decline approximately 10% to 12% as we lap the 21.5% growth in Q4 a year-ago. Our Q4 guidance represents a strong two-year growth rate of approximately 7% to 9.5%. As a reminder, reported net sales will also be impacted by last years 53rd week. We expect fourth quarter operating margin to be in the range of 14% to 15%. This estimate includes the combination of continued transportation investments to support product availability at similar levels to Q3, the lag in timing between our pricing actions and the expected acceleration of inflation, as well as a continuation of the A&P investment increase that started in Q2. As a reminder, our fiscal fourth quarter is historically our lowest operating margin quarter given seasonality, and as just mentioned, does not include a 53rd week. Given these sales and margin factors, we expect to deliver fourth quarter adjusted EPS in the range of $0.49 to $0.55. Our fourth quarter guidance also continues to assume that the end-to-end supply chain operates effectively during this period of heightened demand. And finally, we are reaffirming all of our fiscal 2022 guidance metrics. As Sean mentioned, the benefits of the stickiness of COVID-related demand are not required to reach our fiscal 2022 organic net sales guidance. While the current inflationary environment provides us more of a challenge on margin than we were originally expecting, we remain focused on utilizing our entire toolkit to deliver our profitability targets, which we are reaffirming today. When we report Q4 results in early July, we plan to provide more detail on our fiscal 2022 expectations. That concludes my remarks this morning. Thanks for listening. Ill now pass it to the operator to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much for the question. Sean, in conversations with investors more recently, there appears to be this sort of lingering concern that Conagra will take whatever actions necessary to deal with rising inflation in fiscal 2022 even if such actions might have sort of negative implications beyond 2022. So in other words, Conagra can hit its fiscal 2022 goals, but do so in a way that is somehow deemed, less sustainable or lower quality. And I guess in light of rising inflation seen in todays results on margins and sort of the margin commentary for next quarter, Id expect these concerns to only grow from here. So I guess Id love your take on this and maybe to address this sort of very specific investor concern, if you could.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Thanks, Andrew. Good to hear from you. Hope all is well. Well, the short answer is that that concern is totally unwarranted. But lets copter up for a second, just look at the big picture here. Over the past six years, we have totally transformed our company and our culture and the magnitude of the portfolio modernization weve delivered is arguably best-in-class. And that incredible work by our Conagra team put us in a position to capitalize on the unique and unprecedented trialing opportunity that COVID presented. We knew that our modernized products would perform and that our repeat purchases would be excellent. So what did we do? We invested during the pandemic to maximize trial and try to capture the lifetime value of these new mostly younger consumers, look, no further than our aggressive stance on transportation solutions and e-commerce in Q3. So if you flash forward to fiscal 2022, our conviction around getting our products  our modernized products into consumers mouths wont change. We play the long game and we do not burn the furniture to create better margin percent optics short-term. This is my  I think is my ninth-year as a public company CEO, and Ive never taken that route. So I dont think that concern is warranted.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that. And then a quick follow-up. I didnt hear and I may have missed it, the synergy capture in the quarter. I dont think it was in the slide deck and its been in there over the last couple of quarters. So maybe, Dave, if you could just comment on how that came in in the quarter?
David Marberger: Andrew, were right on target with synergy. There was $24 million of incremental synergy in the quarter. That brings us to $270 million cumulative and were still on track to hit our target of $305 million by the end of next year.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: [Indiscernible] apologize if not.
Sean Connolly: We can hear you now, Ken. We missed the beginning.
David Marberger: We missed the beginning.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Well try it anyway and just cut me off if you cant hear me. But Sean, as you know, just to kind of piggyback a little bit on what Andrew was saying. One of the bigger investor questions is whether you can hit that 18% minimum margin number next year, right? Im sure you hear that more than we do. You obviously maintain that range today, but the 3Q margin came in lighter than you expected, 4Qs will as well. And then you have an acceleration of inflation into next year. So despite your reiteration, and even though pricing and savings are going to accelerate, there is an argument to be made that your current numbers are saying these tailwinds wont be quite enough to offset costs. So I guess my question is this, just how confident are you in that 18% to 19% range, and why isnt it somewhat at risk at least more than it was three months ago given net cost inflation that were seeing?
Sean Connolly: Well, weve reiterated 2022 and we feel good about the 2022 algorithm overall Ken. And the precise permutation of how things unfold is not yet clear because things are moving around still quite a bit. But heres how I think about 2022 in general versus what we were originally envisioning. The topline clearly looks stronger, margins look more challenged short-term due to inflation and the lags that usually follow price increases. And so given were still in the midst of finalizing our annual operating plan and our pricing plans, it is premature to communicate the precise permutation of how things will unfold. But in our eyes, we expect things to unfold in such a way that we deliver the guidance overall.
Kenneth Goldman: Great. I'll let it go there. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Christopher Growe: I just had some  a couple of questions here. So the first one just would be that as we think about the levers you have to offset inflation going forward. There is multiple levers, obviously pricing and promotional spending those sorts of things. Im curious in terms of like your cost savings and you have a little bit of residual synergies, but should we think of that as the first line of defense and how much in the way of say like productivity savings do you have to help offset inflation before you guys jump into actual pricing and other levers yet to pull that makes sense?
Sean Connolly: Yes. All right. So let me start, Chris, with the big picture here and then well go over to Dave with more granular detail. Heres how I think about this whole inflation/lever/pricing kind of concept. Principally, when were experiencing inflation as we are currently, we will be very aggressive to offset it using multiple levers like our cost programs which you cited are pricing, trade and mix. Now with regard to inflation justified pricing, its really there not a question of, if we will move. Its a question of how closely the pricing actions impact on the P&L lines up with inflations impact on the P&L. And here not all businesses are equal. The lag is typically shorter, as you know, in foodservice and in those retail categories with simpler [indiscernible], but our expectation is to fully offset inflation over time and through all of these levers and we are working very aggressively to do that. And as I pointed out before, there is something else to keep in mind too is that the priority for both Conagra and our customers is to sustain growth. Now doing that means we got to keep our proven innovation machine running and doing that means we have to offset inflation. So in other words, our customers understand this more often than not because theyve seen and they now count on the tremendous vitality that our innovation programs have driven into important categories like frozen and snacks. And last thing before I turn over to Dave is, by the way, I am very happy that weve been so aggressive in modernizing our portfolio for the past six years because you can see it in the numbers, the dedication that these consumers now have to our products will be another factor that helps us navigate this inflationary period. Dave, do you want to talk anymore about the cost savings levers or anything?
David Marberger: Yes. Sure. So Sean hit the pricing. As it relates to realized productivity, first of all, we have a very experienced supply chain organization with really strong processes across the entire network. So if you look historically, weve approximated 3% of cost of goods sold realized productivity savings, if you go back historically. Efficiency in the plants, network opportunity, sourcing, theres just a series of different areas and we continue to execute projects to drive the cost savings opportunity. So obviously, this isnt changing as we look forward. There is other levers though. As Andrew had asked previously, we are on track with our Pinnacle synergies to go from our $270 million where we are year-to-date this year to $305 million by the end of next fiscal year, less COVID-related costs in fiscal 2022. As people become vaccinated, the entire end-to-end supply chain is going to benefit from less supply disruption and that will enable us to reduce excess cost being incurred in fiscal 2021 to support demand. The Q3 incremental transportation investment that I discussed in my remarks, thats one example. That was $15 million of investment just in this quarter. Another area is supplementing volume with [co-mans] [ph], both the incremental cost of the co-man and the incremental distribution cost to get it from the co-man to the customer. And so thats another important lever. Were over $100 million year-to-date in those COVID-related costs that as we looked at 2022 should really be an opportunity for us to get that out of the base. We will have some headwinds with fixed overhead absorption and overall segment mix, but we think product mix is an opportunity for us. And then as we always talk about margin accretive innovation, our innovation continues to be strong and we are really bullish on making sure that its margin accretive. So, yes, theres a lot of things, a lot of dynamic thats driving this right now, but based on the analysis weve done in the different scenarios, we think we have various ways that we can reach our 2022 profitability numbers.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Great. That was helpful. I have just one quick follow-on. In relation to the transportation investments you made, is there another $15 million in the fourth quarter, is that the way to think about it? And is that basically helping you rebuild inventories more quickly, is that also a way to think about that investment?
David Marberger: Yes. So Im not going to give you the specific. We do expect additional investment in Q4. Im not going to say that its exactly $15 million. Its a little fluid. The overall objective is to optimize getting product to customers as quickly and efficiently as possible. So for certain categories in staples and snacking where inventory has been tight, we made the decision to bypass our normal DC distribution system network and ship directly from plant or directly from one selected DC. So that gives us better inventory and it allows us to meet customer demand more efficiently and it improves product availability. But it comes at an incremental cost, inefficient shipping lanes and sporadic frequency of distribution route. So there is a lot of dynamics there thats going to continue into Q4 and well manage that number the best we can.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you very much for all the color.
Operator: Our next question today comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just to follow-up on some of those questions with regard to fiscal 2022. You mentioned pricing actions and you mentioned increasing inflation over the next few quarters. Do you anticipate that the gross margin trends and perhaps earnings growth will be more of a back-weighted  will make fiscal 2022 more of a back-weighted year given the timing of inflation versus pricing? And I have a quick follow-up.
David Marberger: Yes. David, were not going to get into specifics on fiscal 2022 right now. As said in my comments, we expect the inflation rate to accelerate into Q4 and into early fiscal 2022. But well give more color in July when we give our Q4 earnings.
Sean Connolly: David, its Sean. Weve talked about how these acute inflationary periods work with respect to pricing many times over the years and this lag concept is an important one, right? When you see broad-based inflation across an industry, across the basket the way were seeing now, you tend to see the whole industry kind of acknowledge that theyve got to contend with these things. Theyve got to deal with it. And not as I said a few minutes ago, not all businesses are created equal in terms of when the positive impact of pricing shows up in the P&L versus the negative impact of the inflation. There can be a lag, so over the course of a full-year, thats kind of how you tend to see it go as you see more of a headwind in the short-term. And then you see recovery as pricing goes into the marketplace. And then oftentimes, there is the benefit the following year as you begin to wrap. So well see how it plays out this year. What we can say at this point is were flat out on all of these integrated margin management levers that we go after in times like this.
David Palmer: And just a follow-up on, Dave, the topic of setting up fiscal 2023 after you hopefully achieve your targets in fiscal 2022. If youre achieving  if the stickiness is above what your guidance implies and you mentioned that youre not anticipating with this guidance that the COVID-related trial will relate  will end up with stickiness in that demand. But if you do have that you do have strong multiyear sales trends and you have room to reinvest, where do you anticipate those investments going from here? Where do you see the most opportunity? Thanks.
David Marberger: Well, David, it entirely depends upon what is the barrier to maximizing trial in any given window. So Q3 is very instructive example in this regard. You can look at our topline in Q3 and say, wow, we beat our guidance on the topline, was that because of the A&P increase? The answer to that is no. We planned for a double-digit increase in A&P and we still over delivered on our topline. So what was it exactly that drove the incremental lift on the topline? It was a deliberate and spontaneous choice by our management team to invest in transportation solutions that are atypical for us. They come at a higher cost and we chose to do that and make that investment. Why did we do that? Because weve got phenomenal repeat and depth of repeat data and so were very confident in the ROI of that investment because were very serious about investing in the business in the short-term during this trial period in order to capture this lifetime value. So weve been doing it. Also the decision to continue to lean hard on e-commerce where we tend to get the best ROIs, we tend to over index most with the younger consumers who are going to be the ones that deliver that lifetime value. This is very purposeful in our regard and we are absolutely  we dont have any comments today on beyond 2022. But what we can say is, were playing the game hard to optimize what beyond 2022 looks like in terms of our consumer base because were having such good fortune generating loyalty.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alexia.
David Marberger: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, I hope you can hear me okay. So my first question is, youve obviously made a number of divestments over the last several months and maybe longer than that. Now that were coming up to the expiration of the deferred tax asset, are we done with that or is it possible that there might be more of that to come?
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously, we have been active over the years in divestitures and our philosophy on that has really not changed. Its been that if there is business that doesnt fit strategically, if its a chronic drag on our sales or chronic drag on our margins or somebody else just really puts tremendous value on it. Were open to divestitures should a legitimate offer come along that we see clearing the hurdle of the intrinsic value of the business and thats kind of always been our case. And were fully aware of the timing of the capital loss carry-forward and we have divested assets leveraging that along the way. And frankly, we have been open to other things as well. But its not strategic for us, let me put it this way to pursue utilizing the capital loss carry-forward for the sake of utilizing the capital loss carry-forward, it would be strategic for us to divest an asset that didnt fit or was something that wasnt a priority for us as long as the valuation that was inbound clear the intrinsic value of that. And if that were to happen at any point in time, we would be open to it. When thats in place, weve done deals.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up, your price mix is obviously, in the third quarter at least, nicely positive. I guess thats partly because of the pandemic, and I guess maybe lower promotional activity or maybe its different. But Im curious about the mix component there and what exactly is driving, if it is positive, the mix piece, and how you expect that to develop going forward? Thank you, and Ill pass it on.
David Marberger: Hey, Alexia. Just roughly of the price mix benefit we saw in the quarter, its roughly 50-50 mix kind of price and promotion. Ill kind of put it into those two buckets. As it comes to the mix part of it, a lot of that is really segment mix. So we are growing our domestic retail segments significantly which are strong in terms of sales mix relative to our foodservice business, which is down, but were also seeing favorable mix within the business. So its really a combination of segment and kind of brand product mix, if you will.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Alexia, Sean here. Just one other thing that I would encourage the investor to think about as they think about our topline long-term. You think about our business, youve got three consumer domains, youve got frozen, youve got snacks and youve got staples. And so what does a long-term investor have to believe to feel good about our topline going forward? I think theyve got to believe that there is continued growth opportunity in frozen, I certainly do. They got to believe there is continued growth opportunity with this awesome snacks business we have, I certainly do. But whats really interesting post-pandemic is the staples business and thats a very strong margin business for us and its been performing phenomenally well and this whole dynamic with younger consumers learning how to cook, realizing the tremendous value proposition of cooking simple meals at home, beginning to form families and with this kind of at-home nesting, its a real phenomenon and thats a good thing because it would lead a reasonable person to believe that that business is at least going to be staple. So if you think about the total mix of the portfolio, youve got a big profitable staple business and two growing domains. I like the way that shapes up for years to come.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So just quick ones for me. And maybe I might have missed this. But Dave, on the guidance, the 2022 reaffirmation, is that net of Peter Pan divestiture or is that  I guess thats question, is it net of the divestiture or not?
David Marberger: Yes, its net of the divestiture, its out of there.
Bryan Spillane: And then second question just  I guess, Sean, as were thinking about the possibility for the potential that some of this demand behavior sticks going forward, how does that affect or does it have an impact at all on manufacturing, manufacturing capacity and as you assess this, I guess over the next year or so, I guess Im asking is there a potential that you might have to elevate capital spending for a while or make some acquisitions to expand capacity  build up manufacturing capacity to sort of support and  a base that would be elevated versus where it was in 2019?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Bryan, weve already been doing that across a number of our businesses and top line remains strong. Well continue to do that because if you look over time at the IRRs we get on numerous broad-based capital investments, the best IRRs are typically those associated with increasing capacity on our growing businesses like Slim Jim and others. So thats a great return on all time and well continue to look for opportunities to do that and we spread it out based on how we need it, but weve already been making those investments in added capacity both internally and with co-packers. Interestingly the way, as you all know, works with some of these co-packer investments is, those can be a headwind to margins in the short-term, but if you believe that the demand on the other end of the consumer there is sustainable. Typically when you repatriate that capacity back in-house, thats expansive to margin at that point in time. So that concept remains intact as well and well look for opportunities to do that going forward.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jason English at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for totting me in and congrats on another strong quarter. A couple of questions, first, reasonably tactical one and building off of Alexia Howards question, the price mix contribution, I think you said around half from lower promotions, with the pricing actions you put in place, is it reasonable to expect a decent chunk of that to be offset or mitigated by promotions coming back into the system, or do you think its reasonable that we could actually continue to operate at a much more subdued promotional level?
Sean Connolly: Well, if you just go back over the years, Jason, youve seen us pretty dramatically ratchet down our promotion reliance over the last six years, and I think probably on average, we probably reduced our reliance on promotion more than most food companies. And frankly COVID, again, illuminated some of the inefficiency that has emerged over the years in some of the traditional promotions, its just the lifts that the industry used to see on a lot of categories are a lot smaller today. So its  we are big believers in redeploying any inefficiency we can find in our total marketing spend and higher ROI ways that could be in trade as youve seen before, weve found tremendous inefficiency in some of the A&P lines and weve actually managed and reinvest some of that in-store with retailers but not against traditional kind of stack them high and watch them fly types of investments. So, that type of  that priority is always intact for us and we will continue to try to push our  over time our reliance on price-based promotion downward. Obviously last year was kind of an extreme base and so well see how that unfolds over time. But principally, thats how we think about it. Dave, you want to add to that?
David Marberger: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is that Jason, thats why I said price and promotion because we really look at them together. When youre looking at the impact of price, obviously you have to look at not just the list price but how you promote what your strategy is to promote as well. So it all goes into the net realized price calculus. So just wanted to clarify that.
Jason English: Yes, for sure. That makes lot of sense. Okay. And on that topic of allocation to maximize return, you talked a lot about your investment in e-com and A&P. Im assuming that youre referring to retail media. It sounds like Walmart is making a pretty big push to try to drive more with Connect in integrating with its joint business planning coverage as well. Is it reasonable to expect that investment to continue to climb next year, is part one of the questions. And part two is, if so where could you find it? Can this come out of trade or does it need to be incremental dollars into the P&L?
Sean Connolly: As Ive mentioned many times, were agnostic to where we put brand building dollars as long as we get good impact and a good ROI. And so your example on media, I think a number of years ago, I said look a lot of people could have come to us and offered to deploy media, medias what we choose to run, and its a question of whats the effectiveness and whats the ROI on that. So were open minded to different kinds of investment. But by the way, thats not all that weve invested in an e-commerce, as we talked before the importance of investments in search and other things so that we show up well in the digital shelf, so to speak, are very important, but we have been pretty good at keeping our overall level of total marketing investment rock solid over the years. We just tend to move it around from pocket to pocket based on what specific opportunity in any given window gives us the greatest impact and the greatest return on investment.
Jason English: So, you can move it around then. It sounds like the answer is, if it has to grow, you can just help on [indiscernible].
Sean Connolly: Yes, thats typically  and by the way if we just principally, if we were ever going to add incremental investment to what we would do, it would be because we see a return for that and thats where  thats where, you know what I mean by that is, it was incremental investments to me when you see opportunities where theyre not a tax on EBIT, but there actually an accelerant to EBIT because of what they do to the top line. Thats positive ROI. Weve always been open to that kind of thing. Thats not something were forecasting, but its just principally how we think about those kinds of investments.
Jason English: For sure. That makes sense. Thanks a lot. Ill pass it on.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for the question. I was wondering, in your forecast for the rest of the calendar year, have you baked in any assumptions for government stimulus programs running out SNAP benefits, which are elevated now dissipating. I would imagine that would affect your consumer base a little more than most packaged food companies. You tell me if you agree? And is it possible to disassociate that with the stickiness you expect from all the new trial you got from COVID? How have you made your macro overlay assumptions there?
Sean Connolly: Well, with respect to the stickiness, stimulus and other things aside, we obviously think its real and that our conviction there is growing even stronger day-by-day, but we dont need that stickiness, as I said before, to get to our revenue algorithm. Hopefully as the database case for stickiness becomes more concrete, some of the reflexive cynicism in the market around stickiness will pivot to justified optimism and I think thats obviously going to unfold, based on how the data continues to unfold. In terms of, you know things, regulatory changes, tax changes, stimulus changes, things like that, SNAP, we do our best to try to prognosticate exactly how thats going to land and factoring it into our  into our forecasting processes and you should assume that we do that, weve got  I think you guys know, weve got a really impressive demand science team and they look at macro factors like that that could have an impact and we leverage them to get to the best forecast we can get to.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then one quick follow-up. Are you expecting to increase A&P double-digit again in fourth quarter?
David Marberger: Yes. As part of the guidance, I did  that was in my prepared remarks. Thats correct.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. All right. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-01-07 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney from Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com.  With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Happy New Year, and thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our strong second quarter results as well as our perspective on how Conagra is positioned to continue to succeed in both the current environment and beyond. So let's get started. I'm very pleased with our strong results for the second quarter. Our business continued to perform well both in the absolute and relative to peers. Our success to date in fiscal 2021 is not only a testament to our team's ability to adapt to the current environment, but a reflection of the work we've done to transform our business over the past five-plus years. Our ongoing execution of the Conagra Way playbook perpetually reshaping our portfolio and capabilities for better growth and better margins has enabled us to rise to the occasion during the COVID-19 pandemic, and that has positioned the business to excel in the future.  During the second quarter, we continue to build on our momentum and our Q2 results exceeded our expectations across the board. We had strong, broad-based sales growth. Our margin expansion is ahead of schedule, and I'm proud to announce that we reached our deleveraging target earlier than originally planned. In keeping with our Conagra Way playbook, we continue to optimize the business for long-term value creation during the quarter. We made targeted investments in both production capacity and marketing support to drive the physical and mental availability of our products. We also remained committed to sculpting our portfolio through smart divestments with the agreement shortly after the second quarter closed to sell Peter Pan peanut butter. Peter Pan is a very good business, but it's not an investment priority for Conagra given our other portfolio priorities. Finally, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance for all metrics. And none of this would be possible without our exceptional team, particularly our frontline workers. So before we dive into the details of the quarter, I want to recognize everyone responsible for the continued extraordinary work of our supply chain. I'm extremely proud of the thousands of hardworking Conagra team members whose dedication has enabled our industry-leading performance. We remain focused on keeping employees safe, while meeting the needs of our communities, customers and consumers. And I'd like to thank everyone at Conagra for making this possible. With that, let's get into the business update. As the table on Slide 7 shows our second quarter results exceeded our expectations across the board. We delivered organic net sales growth of 8.1%, adjusted operating margin of 19.6% and adjusted EPS of $0.81. These results enabled us to reach our fiscal 2021 net leverage ratio target of 3.6x ahead of schedule. During the second quarter, we continue to drive significant growth across our retail business. Total Conagra retail sales grew 10.4% year-over-year, with strong growth across each of our snacks, frozen and staples portfolios. Our results were driven by continued success and expanding our presence with consumers gaining share. Total Conagra household penetration grew 14 basis points versus a year ago and our category share increased 26 basis points. Critical to our ability to sustain our growing relevancy with consumers is the physical availability of our products, whether through brick and mortar or online. And Slide 9 demonstrates how our ongoing investments in e-commerce have continued to yield results. In the chart on the left, you can see the step change in e-commerce growth for total edible that has occurred since the onset of the pandemic. But what's really impressive about this chart is the sustainability of our e- commerce performance. We've retained a massive portion of the e-commerce sales we gained at the onset of the pandemic, and our results have outpaced total edible e-commerce growth each quarter. As a result of our sustained success, e-commerce continued its recent trend of steadily increasing as a percentage of our total retail sales as you can see on the right. While e-commerce growth both on an absolute basis and as a percent of overall sales is not a new dynamic for Conagra; this growth has accelerated during COVID-19. In addition to our continued progress in e-commerce, our new innovation generated strong performance during the second quarter. When we began this journey over five years ago, we recognized that we had a lot of latent potential in the portfolio; it just had to be modernized. So we set out to aggressively do just that. And you'll recall that we established a goal of having 15% of our annual retail sales come from products launched within the preceding three years. As you can see on Slide 10, our innovation performance has continued to exceed our 15% goal. What's equally important is the consistency of our innovation performance. Investments we've made over the last five years in our innovation capabilities enabled us to continue launching new products since the pandemic began. Customers trust our innovation track record and rely on our new products to drive consumer trials and overall category growth. Slide 11 drills down on the strength of our recent innovation performance. Compared to last year's first-half launches, the products we introduced in the first-half of this year have achieved 37% more sales per UPC and 28% more distribution points per UPC during the comparable time period. Product performance highlights include Marie Callender's boasts the number one branded new item in frozen indulgent single serve meals. Duncan Hines has delivered the top three highest velocity new items in this  in single serve baking and our modernized Hungry-Man brand is outpacing category growth by more than two times. After a strong first-half of fiscal 2021, we will introduce even more new products that will build distribution in the second-half. Expect to hear more about our upcoming product launches at CAGNY next month. Turning now Slide 12, total Conagra frozen retail sales grew an impressive 8.3% versus a year ago. Thanks to strong growth in each of our four main frozen categories. Importantly, our terrific frozen vegetables business returned to strong growth in the quarter, as we brought on our additional capacity investments online. Slide 13 digs a bit deeper into our largest frozen brand, Birds Eye. Birds Eye is a cornerstone of the important frozen vegetable segment with a number one position in the category more than twice the category share of the closest branded competitor. Recall that Birds Eye previously faced some supply constraints as we work to bring new capacity online. And last quarter, I noticed that shipments for the brand were a bit ahead of consumption as retailers started rebuilding their inventories. You can see in the charts on Slide 13, Birds Eye returned to form in Q2 as expected. In addition to strong retail sales growth of 7.2% in quarter, Birds Eye gained an impressive 261 basis points of share from Q1 to Q2. Continuing to Slide 14, you can see how Birds Eye has attracted and retained more new buyers than our competition since the pandemic began. Frozen vegetables category remains highly relevant to consumers. And we believe the steps we've taken over the past several quarters to modernize the Birds Eye brand and expand capacity have positioned us well to build on our category leadership. Turning now to another area of strength, our leading portfolio of frozen single serve meals had another terrific quarter. As you can see on Slide 15, Conagra has outperformed peers, driven category growth and attracted new buyers since the start of the pandemic. As the chart on this slide shows, we have three of the top brands in this category from both a trial and repeat perspective. Our snacks business also continued to see strong growth in the quarter. As you can see on Slide 16, we delivered double-digit retail sales growth on a year-over-year and two-year basis in snacking, led by impressive results across popcorn, sweet treats, and meat snacks. We're not just growing; we're winning versus the competition. Slide 17 shows how we grew share year-over-year in popcorn, meat snacks, hot cocoa, and ready-to-eat pudding and gelatin in the quarter. Our staples portfolio also delivered solid results in Q2. Historically, this portfolio has served as a primarily as a source of cash for us, but it hasn't been looked at as a growth engine, but slide 18 shows how staples remained highly relevant to consumers in the quarter as people continue to rediscover cooking, and the utility, relevance and value of products in our portfolio. Our basket of the total staples category grew retail sales by 12.7% in the second quarter. People are returning to their kitchens during the pandemic. And new, younger consumers are discovering the joy of cooking. Many of the brands on this slide including Pam, RO*TEL, and Hunt's are cooking utilities and ingredients. As we've discussed before, the current environment has resulted in consumers trying or reengaging with our products and coming back again and again. And that takes us to what we see going forward and how our business is uniquely set up to win. Our execution of the Conagra way playbook over the last five plus years enabled us to deliver strong performance prior to the onset of COVID. And we firmly believe that our reshaped portfolio modernized products and enhanced cable abilities have been foundational to our ability to excel during these highly dynamic times. We all know that the COVID pandemic has driven an increase in at home eating overall. But for Conagra, it has also meant an acceleration of the consumer trial, adoption and repeat purchase rates of our products. Our results have been strong on both an absolute and relative basis. These dynamics have driven meaningful levels of incremental cash flow for our business. They've also enhanced the ROI of our previous disciplined investments in portfolio, capabilities, and the physical and mental availability of our products. Importantly, the Conagra ways perpetual while we've adapted to the current environment, and delivers superior results; we also continue to look to the future and make smart investments to further strengthen our business.  Our investments include continuing to modernize our products and packaging, increasing production capacity, when category dynamics warrant, supporting on shelf availability, and increased e-commerce share and raising consumer awareness. We clear, these investments are not a reaction to the near-term environment, but decisions rooted in our longer-term outlook for the business and our disciplined execution of the Conagra way. We believe that Conagra is in a strong position to continue to win, now and for years to come. We expect that our investments, coupled with consumer adoption and the proven stickiness of our products will result in Conagra continuing to deliver long-term profitable. In summary, we continue to see solid execution across our portfolio aligned with the Conagra way of playbook in Q2, which enabled us to deliver results that exceeded our expectations. Our business remains strong in the absolute and relative to competition. And we expect Conagra to be and even better positioned post COVID as a result of our ongoing disciplined approach to investment and innovation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll walk through the details of our second quarter fiscal 2021 performance and our Q3 outlook before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. I'll start by calling out a few performance highlights from the quarter, which are captured on slide 22. As Sean mentioned, outstanding execution by our teams across the company enabled us to exceed expectations for net sales, margin, profitability, and deleveraging during the second quarter, while we continued to invest in the business. Reported and organic net sales for the quarter were up 6.2% and 8.1%, respectively, versus the same period a year ago. We continued our strong margin performance from Q1 as Q2 adjusted gross margin increased 139 basis points to 29.9%. Adjusted operating margin increased 250 basis points to 19.6%. Adjusted EBITDA increased 16.7% to $712 million in the quarter. And our adjusted diluted EPS grew 28.6% to $0.81 for the second quarter. Slide 23 breaks out the drivers of our 6.2% second quarter net sales growth. As you can see, the 8.1% increase in organic net sales was primarily driven by a 6.6% increase in volume related to the growth of at home food consumption. The favorable impact of price mix, which was evenly driven by favorable sales mix and less trade merchandising also contributed to our growth. The strong organic net sales growth was partially offset by the impacts of foreign exchange, and a 1.7% net decrease associated with divestitures. The Peter Pan peanut butter business is still part of Conagra brands and thus included in our organic results. We expect the sale of Peter Pan to be completed in Q3, at which point it will be removed from organic net sales growth. I will discuss the estimated impact of this divestiture shortly. Slide 24 summarizes our net sales by segments for the second quarter. On both a reported and organic basis, we saw continued significant growth in each of our three retail segments; grocery and snacks, refrigerated and frozen and international. The net sales increase was primarily driven by the increase of at home food consumption as a result of COVID-19 which benefited our retail segments but negatively impacted our food service segment. The grocery and snack segment experienced strong organic net sales growth of 15.3% in the quarter. The segment's organic net sales growth outpaced its growth and consumption, as retailers continue to rebuild inventories. Our refrigerated and frozen segment delivered organic net sales growth of 7.8%. This growth is a testament to our continued modernization and innovation efforts, and illustrates the increasingly important role refrigerated and frozen products play in meeting the evolving needs of today's consumers. Turning to the International segment, quarterly organic net sales increased 9.1%. This segment experienced particularly strong growth in both Canada and Mexico. This quarter, our food service segment reported a 21.4% organic net sales declined, primarily driven by a volume decrease of 25.3% due to less restaurant traffic as a result of COVID-19. Slide 25, outlined the adjusted operating margin bridge for the quarter versus the prior year period. As you can see in the second quarter, our adjusted operating margin increased 250 basis points to 19.6%. Strong supply chain realized productivity, favorable price mix, cost synergies associated with Pinnacle Foods acquisition and fixed costs leverage combined to drive 440 basis points and adjusted operating margin improvement; more than offsetting the impact of cost of goods sold inflation and COVID related costs in the quarter. Collectively, these drivers resulted in a 139 basis point increase in our adjusted gross margin versus the same period a year ago. A&P increased 4.7% on a dollar basis, primarily due to increases in e-commerce marketing. A&P was flat on a percentage of sales basis this quarter versus Q2 a year ago. Finally, our adjusted SG&A rate was favorable by 110 basis points, primarily as a result of fixed costs leverage on higher net sales, the Pinnacle cost synergies and temporarily reduced spending as employees work from home and significantly reduce their travel. I want to give you some additional perspective on our margin expansion. As I just mentioned, operating margin expanded 250 basis points for the quarter well ahead of our expectations. Of this 250 basis point expansion and operating margin this quarter, approximately 60 basis points reflects our ongoing progress towards achieving our fiscal 2022 margin target of 18% to 19%. We also saw an approximate 180 basis point margin benefit from price mix in the quarter, primarily driven by mix and to a lesser extent, favorable pricing and lower trade merchandising. We expect to retain some of this benefit going forward. But exactly how much remains uncertain at this point. An additional 10 basis points of net margin expansion came from favorable fixed costs leverage across the entire P&L and COVID related SG&A benefits mostly offset by COVID related costs of goods sold. We do not expect this net benefit to repeat next year. Slide 26 summarizes our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment for the second quarter. Our three retail segments saw operating profits increased by double digit percentages versus the same period a year ago. Each retail segment benefited from higher organic net sales and strong supply chain realized productivity. In the Food Service segment, however, operating profit decreased due to the COVID related impacts of lower organic net sales and higher input costs that more than offset the impacts of favorable supply chain realize productivity and cost synergies. Overall, we're pleased with the continuation of the strong Q1 margin results into the second quarter, which are anchored by core productivity and benefits from the Pinnacle acquisition we expected to see. Turning to slide 27; we've outlined the drivers of our second quarter adjusted diluted EPS growth versus the same period a year ago. EPS increased 28.6% to $0.81. The growth in the quarter was primarily driven by the increase in adjusted operating profit associated with the net sales increase and margin expansion and also benefited from a decrease in net interest expense as we've continued to reduce debt as prioritized.  Slide 28 highlights are significant progress on the overall synergy capture since the close of the Pinnacle Foods acquisition during the second quarter of fiscal 2019; we captured an incremental $27 million in savings during the most recent quarter, bringing total cumulative synergies to $246 million. As a reminder, the majority of total synergies to date have been in SG&A. Cost of goods sold synergies have started to be a bigger portion of our synergy cash for the last two quarters, and we expect them to make up a majority of our synergies going forward. We remain pleased with the team's progress in capturing synergies and remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2022 synergy targets.  Slide 29 shows the strong progress we've made to date to achieve our deleveraging targets. Since the close of Pinnacle acquisition in the second quarter fiscal 2019 through the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2021; we have reduced total gross debt by $2.3 billion, resulting in net debt of $9.2 billion. We are pleased to report that at the end of the second quarter, we achieved our net leverage ratio target for 3.6x down from 5x at the closing of the Pinnacle acquisition and 3.7x at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Strong, consistent improvements in debt reduction, coupled with robust earnings enabled us to achieve this net leverage ratio target ahead of schedule.  Looking ahead, we will continue to be focused on executing a balanced capital allocation policy. We remained committed to solid investment grade credit ratings as we continue to be opportunistic, using our balance sheets to drive shareholder value, such as our increased investment in CapEx and the recent 29% dividend increase.  Slide 30 summarizes our outlook. As Sean and I have both said throughout this presentation, we believe in the strength of Conagra future. While we're confident in the quarters ahead and that Conagra will continue to excel beyond the COVID-19 environment; the sustained impact of COVID-19 remains dynamic and continues to make near-term forecasting with specificity a challenge. We expect a continuation of elevated retail demand and reduced food service demand compared to historic pre-COVID 19 demand levels. We are currently seeing both of these trends continue in the third quarter today. For the third quarter, we expect organic net sales growth to be in the range of plus 6% to 8%. We expect Q3 operating margin to be in the range of 16% to 16.5%, implying a year-over-year increase of 30 to 80 basis points. This estimate includes an expected acceleration of our A&P investment and e-commerce marketing that we started in Q2, reducing the estimated year-over-year Q3 operating margin expansion. As a reminder, Q3 operating margins are historically lower than Q2 operating margins, given the leverage impact on the seasonality of sales. Given these sales and margin factors along with expected improvement and below the line items, we expect to deliver third quarter adjusted EPS in the range of $0.56 to $0.60. Our third quarter guidance also continues to assume that the end-to-end supply chain operates effectively during this period of heightened demand. As outlined in our earnings release, our third quarter guidance does not yet include any impact from the pending sale of the Peter Pan business. We are selling the business for approximately $102 million. And the expected annualized impacts of the divestiture are a reduction of approximately $110 million of net sales and three sets of adjusted EPS. Lastly, we are reaffirming all metrics of our fiscal 2022 guidance, which also excludes the impact of the pending sale of Peter Pan. We look forward to presenting again next month at CAGNY where we will provide another update on our progress and executing the Conagra way. We hope you'll join us. Thanks for listening everyone. That concludes my remarks this morning. I'll now pass it to the operator to open it up for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
AndrewLazar: Good morning, everybody, and Happy New Year.
Sean Connolly: Happy New Year, Andrew.
Dave Marberger: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you. I guess, today, Conagra reaffirmed the fiscal 2022 financial goals and those have obviously been a key milestone for the company ever since the Pinnacle deal. And with fiscal 2022 really at this point rapidly approaching as well as all the uncertainty around operating in the current environment. I guess, Sean, can you - I mean, what can you offer to sort of assure investors that Conagra can not only reach its fiscal 2022 targets, but I guess more importantly, do it in a way that enables the company to deliver sustainable growth thereafter. As that's a question that I know I've been getting quite a bit these days. And as part of that I saw A&P was up in the quarter. And you mentioned that we should expect that to continue into the fiscal third quarter. Is that a pattern of -- is that pattern of summary investment one that we should expect more of moving forward? So those are kind of combined? And then I just got a follow-up for Dave.
SeanConnolly: Okay. Well, there's a lot in that one. So good questions. Let me try to unpack each piece of that. Yes, of course, we can provide that assurance. We believe that what we are experiencing right now is the acceleration of product trial that in normal times would take years and hundreds of millions of dollars. Now as for what's going to sustain it through 022 and beyond, in a nutshell, it is our people and our playbook. Now, I spoke about our people in my prepared remarks. But let me remind investors about our playbook, particularly with respect to brand building. We have spent years curating and optimizing our approach to brand building, and we believe that is one of the most progressive and effective approaches in our space. The goal, obviously, brand building is to create a powerful connection between our consumers and our brands. And in the simplest sense in our eyes to do that, you have to meet people where they are with modernized products and packages, and then you communicate information that is relevant and meaningful to them and this is really the heart of our approach. So first, we meet people where they are. And you can ask yourself, well, where are they these days? Well, these days, it's often, a, on their devices seeking entertainment or information, or b, shopping in bricks-and-mortar or online. But it's also important to understand where they're not. And increasingly, we're seeing that they're not tethered to a television, that is broadcasting mass market advertising. When I was five years old, that was the place you would find a consumer, and you could communicate the information you had to share. But obviously, if that were our approach today and it were so monolithic, we wouldn't be finding a lot of consumers, especially not a lot of young consumers, who we are very, very focused on because there are a significant sustainable demographic tailwinds there that I've spoken about before. So instead, we reach our consumers in a diversity of locales from online to in store to on TV to on radio and more. And then with respect to communicating the information that's relevant and meaningful to them; it starts as youve all heard me talk many times with a very modernized product and package design, and then a succinct provocative message around the appealing product benefit. That's our playbook. It works and it will continue to work. And it's why our growth rates, our innovation performance, our trial, our repeat, our depth of repeat metrics are often outpacing our competitors. So, in the simplest sense, what we are asserting here is that modern high-quality products with great online and in store presence, supported by provocative and targeted messaging, will beat outdated lower-quality products with weak online or in store presence, but lots of broadcast media every single time. And then lastly, last part of your question, our total brand investment already is, it has been at a strong level and it remains strong. But yes, it is variable. And in any given quarter, we can flex it based on the circumstance of the quarter. So recall when supply was constrained, we dialed back. When supply is ample and we see good ROI opportunities, we can flex it up. And by the way, we can flex it above or below the line, as you've seen. But overall, I would say the level is in a good place. And I think the strong results that you're seeing not just in the absolute, but relative to competition shows that.
AndrewLazar: Great. Thank you for that. And then, Dave, just quick follow-up. Can you walk us through, again, how the operating margin goes from where it landed in fiscal Q2 to your forecast for Q3? As you mentioned, it represents a pretty substantial sequential step down and is that purely just the marketing aspect or are there other factors we need to take into account there and maybe it's commodity or commodities which have spiked a bit and things of that nature?
DaveMarberger: Yes, Andrew, let me try to break that down. First, as I mentioned in my remarks, the normal cadence of operating margin from the second quarter to the third quarter always shows a step down as we exit the holiday season and lose some of the operating leverage from the lower overall sales dollars. Second, when you look at Q3 operating margin a year ago, there were some benefits from reduced incentive comp accrual and SG&A a year ago in Q3. Third, inflation for the third quarter is now estimated to be around 3.5%, whereas in Q2, it was around 2.8%, 2.9%. And then lastly, as we just discussed, we are accelerating our A&P investment in the third quarter to support increased e-commerce marketing that we started in Q2. So we expect double-digit increase in A&P in the third quarter versus a year ago. So they're really the factors. And with that, that we still, with our guidance, we're implying a 30 to 80 basis point improvement in operating margin in the third quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much, everybody.
A - Dave Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sean Connolly: Hello?
Operator: Apologies. It looks like David Palmer is the next question. Please go ahead.
DavidPalmer: Thanks. A bit of a follow-up to Andrew's question. You mentioned in slides that Conagra is investing behind and executing the Conagra Way and you mentioned five years. So I'm wondering if you could maybe give us that five-year snapshot about where Conagra has shifted its investment in ways that is less obvious, because I think everybody sees advertising spending since it is broken out. Perhaps give us a feeling about what has worked best and what you think you might want to be adjusting going forward? And I have a quick follow-up.
SeanConnolly: Yes, sure. Hi, David, Happy New Year. If you go back five years, the company five, five-and-a-half years ago didn't look anything like it looks today, right? We were a global conglomerate. We were struggling in the world of private label. We were trying to be a lot of things to a lot of people. Today, we are a focused pure play, largely North American company and we play in three spaces, Frozen; we play in snacks, and it's a very unique snack business with a lot of neglected coats, as we call it; and we play in staples, and that's pretty much the portfolio. And over the last five years, the heavy lift was in the early days where we had to tackle value over volume. And that was painful, but necessary to go through to purge out low-quality volume and establish a new foundation. But it put us in a position to then layer on outstanding innovation on a much stronger base. And we started, as you know, with frozen. And we have what we believe is the leading frozen portfolio in North America that has been growing incredibly robustly. It is a centerpiece of our investment and our innovation effort and that will continue, because we are in the early innings of frozen success. And as I pointed out in CAGNY last year, when you look at the demographic tailwinds we have from millennials, as they form households and they - we know they're already big users of frozen. But then when they form households, have their first child and then additional children; the per capita consumption of those households goes up and up and up again. So that's frozen. Our snacks business; we really rebased that a couple of years ago, and we said we're going to stand up a snack company, we run it like a snack company. And the performance there has just been outstanding. It's been both organic, and it's been through M&A. And we think that playbook will continue. It's a high growth, high margin business. And we've got extremely strong relative market shares in that space. So that will also continue and that remains the other probably our second priority in terms of investment. And again, these investments come below the line and above the line. It's all about the combination of physical and available mental, mental availability and meeting people where they are as I just pointed out, but the third piece is one of the more interesting pieces during and post pandemic which is our staples portfolio. That's a third of our retail business in staples, which historically was a cash manage for cash type of business. But these products here are not. There are a lot of products that are not fundamentally different from what you might see some of our peer companies like a McCormick where spices or utilities in the cooking process no differently than a can of RO*TEL or ham cooking spray is a utility in the cooking process. And to some degree those products go as cooking goes and what's happening right now is cooking is in a very, very good place, not just because of the older generations who always been more established in terms of cooking behavior, but the fact that these younger households have learned to kind of be comfortable in their own homes, have explored their corner and built their culinary skills out and are absolutely enamored with recipes and cooking right now. So a lot of our staple products; be in products like Hunt's tomato, RO*TEL, our salsa business, our dressing businesses, these are businesses that are playing a meaningful role during the pandemic. And we believe because of some of these demographic tailwinds will continue at an elevated level post pandemic. So very strong up forward looking performance in frozen, and snacks. And more optimism in terms of the growth potential out of staples than probably pre pandemic is how I would put it. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
DaveMarberger: Yes, the only thing I would say that really sits on top of all that is the investments we've made in supporting e-commerce capability, right? If you look at investments in the supply chain, kind of our view, our approach to modern marketing, retail investments, analytics, all of that capability we invest in early on, which we're now seeing the benefits of that is with COVID, and the acceleration of e-commerce. So I would add that really applies to everything, both legacy and innovation, volume.
SeanConnolly: Your question, David and Andrew's question for obviously a lot of this. And obviously, the key question on investors' minds right now, it has a lot to do with this stickiness thing. One of the things I shared last quarter that I might point into our investors' attention back to was a slide that showed that after the previous recession in 2008, we saw a permanently elevated level of at home eating occasions. And what was more interesting about the first six months of this pandemic is the level of elevation we saw this year, or this past year, it was twice what we saw in 2008. And that was just a -- this is in a very short period of time. So there is previous evidence of stickiness, post the adversity and I think this time we see not just this similar level of stickiness occurring, but a higher level.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan.
KenGoldman: Hi, can you hear me this time? Hey, guys, thanks so much for your patience. Sorry about that. Two questions for me. Number one, wanted to ask about the organic top line guidance for the third quarter? You'll be lapping the air pocket that you talked about last year, you have a much easier comparison in the third quarter versus the second quarter, which are guiding to a deceleration in organic sales growth from 8.1% to that range of 6.8%. Again, I'm just -- I guess I'm just curious can you walk us through some of the factors that are maybe leading to that slowdown? And again, it's a pretty steep slope in a two year basis. So just curious what some of those headwinds might be?
Dave Marberger: Yes, Ken, this is Dave. So overall, when we look at Q3, we look at it very similar to Q2. So we expect shipments to be roughly in line with consumption. There's some clip that takes there, the third quarter can be a time where you see some retailers reduce inventory levels historically. But we have such strong demand right now that, we are seeing orders that are strong because we're replenishing to be able to have the right stocks to support the demand. So there's a lot of dynamics going on in this third quarter that we haven't seen in prior third quarter. So our planning posture is we feel good about our consumption call, it will be very similar to what we saw in Q2. And we believe that shipments are going to roughly be in line with that. There's going to be some puts and takes between, the different segments, but that's our planning part to right now, just given all the dynamics that are going on in Q3. Sean, anything you want to add that?
Sean Connolly: No. I think that summarizes.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then I want to ask a quick follow up, Sean, you have been more, one of the more confident CEOs in our space, when it comes to that stickiness of demand after the crisis is over. I think you gave some very compelling reasons today, why that stickiness will be there. But if that's sustainable growth is already here. Can you talk about and I guess this is for Dave, too. How should you think or how should we think about your desire to kind of grow CapEx over the next couple of years to support that heightened demand? You talked about free cash flow, that wasn't changed. I'm just wondering if there's a chance that as you see demand, perhaps being sticky that your plants will need a little more expansion to kind of support what's out there in the consumer world. 
Sean Connolly: Yes, well, we're already doing that, Ken. And if I could use Slim Jim as an example, yes. And first of all, let me just say, you're 100%, right. When we think about ROIC, when we deploy our capital against organic growth opportunities, we see oftentimes some of the very best returns. And we have done that. So on Slim Jim, as an example, we've dramatically increased the size of the plant, a year or so ago, and that business has performed so well. And utilizing that capacity, we're on the precipice of doing that again. And so those types of capital investments are clearly on our radar and are our priorities for us. But we have other capital allocation options as well. And that is all part of our balanced approach to capital allocation. Dave, you want to pick up on that a little bit?
Dave Marberger: Yes, just to give you some examples, so if you look at the first half, our CapEx spending is up over 50%. Right? So we're investing in CapEx now, some of the big drivers there, there's a lot of things, we have two big network optimization projects, one in grocery; one in a refrigerated frozen, that drives strong ROI and continues to help drive our margins. And then we have a big investment in Birds Eye to build capacity for the long term. So As Sean said we'd look at a capital allocation on a balance basis. But we feel really good about the investment opportunities we have in CapEx. And so it's a good situation, because we have a lot of good things to invest in.
Ken Goldman: Just to be 100% clear, the free cash flow guidance that you have out there, that includes what you think will be necessary for CapEx to support the increased demand that's out there.
Dave Marberger: That's correct. Yes. And you'll see in our Q that we file our estimate for the year for CapEx and that reflects that.
Operator: The next question today comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had a question for you. And when I look at the divisions, and this is in relation to my expectations, you had really strong leverage in the refrigerated and frozen division, and then less leveraged and says that way in the snacks and grocery division. And that was a little different than what I expected for the quarter. I just want to understand maybe the nuances between those two divisions, and I guess the degree to which you're using third parties, for example, for manufacturing, that could be limiting the margin expansion say the grocery and snacks division, as an example.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, so when you look at this quarter, grocery and snacks was really hit harder in two areas relative to refrigerated and frozen. One, more of the COVID related costs hit grocery and snacks. So our COVID costs include additional transportation costs, all that kind of PPE stuff, commands that we use, so more of that hit grocery and snacks in the quarter. And then secondly, inflation, more of our overall inflation for the quarter hits the grocery and snacks business relative to refrigerated and frozen. So there are really two of the drivers when you look at the two segments side by side.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. And then just a bit of a follow on in terms of your input costs, you also call our transportation costs as incremental costs for them. And you mentioned before, Dave, that input costs are up in sound like that upper 2s maybe 3% type range, they're going to be higher in Q3. When you give that figure is that incorporating COVID related costs as well? Is that the kind of the total cost basket? And if so, I'm just curious if that's the right number kind of 3.5% all in for the third quarter.
Dave Marberger: You'll see on our bridge, the COVID related costs are separate than inflation. So we'll look at, our commodities and packaging, inflation transportation that's separate than COVID. The COVID things are just specific costs relate that we're incurring because of the COVID environment. So yes, that for this quarter, inflation was 2.9%. That translates to the 200 basis point headwind in operating margin you see on the bridge, but then you'll see another bridge item which is 100 basis point headwinds that's COVID related costs, so we break those out separately. So yes, I said for Q3, we expect that inflation number to be more around 3.5% versus the 2.9% that we saw in Q2.
Chris Growe: Okay, so therefore, a little heavier hit the gross margin in the third quarter. I see that in the bridge. So thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, that's included. That's part of our Q3 operating margin guide.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning and Happy New Year, guys. So the question is just around inflation, we've seen some increases in the last month or two in some of the agricultural commodities, and certainly freight, energy, just the overall even economists, macro views seem to be pointing towards more inflation. So I guess two questions related to that; one, how are we hedged? Or how should we be thinking about inflation and managing it as we move into fiscal 2022? And maybe what's contemplated in the 2022 targets that you reaffirm this morning? And then, Sean, I guess, second to that is just given how the retail environment changed a bit, is there anything different in terms of the way that you might approach inflation and pricing with retailers today than maybe would have been the case pre-COVID?
Dave Marberger: Yes. So why don't I? Why not I start with that, so yes, we are seeing inflation, from a procurement perspective, our procurement department is very experienced, and we're looking at every area, from every commodity, and we're taking positions where we feel like there are opportunities to do that. So that's really part of our ongoing kind of process. So, at this point, obviously, we're looking at fiscal 2021. But we'll even have positions that go into fiscal 2022. So that's all part of our internal process that we always have. The key part of this and then I'll pass it to Sean is, and we've talked about this at Investor Day, that we manage margins to offset inflation in a lot of different areas. And so, we look at, obviously, we have our productivity programs and supply chain, we have our margin and accretive innovation, our pricing, trade optimization, our mix, and then the way we can sculpt margin through M&A. And so we're obviously looking at all those levers, and then more recently, obviously, with Pinnacle in the synergies that we're getting out of that. That's helping drive margin plus the fixed overhead absorption we're getting from the higher volumes from COVID. So that all comes into play as we think about margin from a macro level. Sean, anything to -- 
Sean Connolly: Yes, no, I think just reemphasizing integrated margin management is a capability we put in place a number of years ago, it is multi faceted, it is how we offset inflation, the only thing that I would point out that potentially different Bryan, or emphasis is different. Post COVID is brand mix, specifically, the staples business, which is stronger today. And these cooking utilities that we expected may remain a bit stronger because of these millennials cooking at home, those tend to be extremely relatively strong margins for us. So that is, that's good brands mix for us. And that's just, that's fortunate that piece of the portfolio, and these younger consumers engaging in cooking habits, and really liking our number one brands in that space, that's a positive overall in terms of integrated margin management.
Bryan Spillane: And, Sean, can you remind us just in a period where there's just more general inflation across all parts of the economy, so it's not just agricultural, but if we're going to go into a position a situation where, with all the government spending, there's just going to be just more general inflation, which we haven't experienced in a really long time. Typically, that's an environment that makes it a lot easier for the industry to cover inflation. Is that right?
Sean Connolly: Well, within the six traditional levers that we lean on to kind of offset any kind of margin compression, the one that you really poking at there are pricing, and the way the language we use internally is inflation justified pricing. Our view is always that if inflation justifies it, we will seek to take prices. And that's kind of always been our approach. It's never a joyous walk in the park, as you all know, but it is something that principally we as manufacturers have to do because we need to continue to make these investments in our innovation, so that we can keep these categories growing and keep the retailers happy, and it's difficult to do that if inflation comes in, you cannot take inflation justify prices.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Happy New Year and congrats on a strong quarter. I wanted to -- I want to come back first to Bryan's question. As part of his question he asked you what was embedded, what inflation assumptions embedding your fiscal 2022 guidance. I didn't hear the answer to that. Can you provide us that answer?
Dave Marberger: Yes, we're not giving specifics on fiscal 2022 as it relates to inflation right now, Jason, but we reaffirm fiscal 2022. So you can assume that we're looking at different ranges of outcomes for inflation, but we're not disclosing it at this point.
Jason English: Okay, understood. And Dave, you mentioned one lever is to sculpt margin through M&A. Can you go a little bit deeper on what you mean by that? And also talk about your M&A appetite now that you have effectively hit your leverage target much faster than expected. Does that open up more apertures? Is there appetite there back in the market pursuing acquisitions?
Sean Connolly: Yes, Jason, it's Sean. Let me just take it from the top in terms of kind of our philosophy on M&A. Obviously, we've been very active in the last five years with inbound stuff and outbound stuff. And when we do that both ways it is, we do consider not, we consider it as we're reshaping the portfolio for better growth and better margins. And so items that come in, brands that come in, not only need to be strategic, but ideally will help us in terms of our forward looking growth rates and margins. Similarly, items that we divest; sometimes can be things that have been a chronic drag on growth rates or margin. So by effectively managing kind of both the inbound and the outbound, remain close, so to speak, the remaining company going forward should look better. That's the ideal situation in terms of growth prospects and margin. And we've got, obviously, we've been active doing that, we'll continue to be active, we just announced the divestiture of Peter Pan, we've got this capital loss carry forward that we're well aware of, we talked about every day. And our principle there is pretty simple, which is if something, is not a fit for us, and somebody else wants to make an offer for an asset that is above what we see as intrinsic value, then, we're all we're all ears on that kind of thing. Similarly, on inbound stuff, we're just now getting to the point where, we're feeling our focus has been about delevering. Let's not, let's be very clear on that. It's been ever since the Pinnacle acquisition, we've been 100% focused on delevering, we're now headed that cadence. So we can start to see our way toward other uses of capital going forward, they can be shared buybacks, they can be bolt-on acquisitions. They just have to make sense. Or could be investing in a business as Ken pointed out in our own CapEx. So that's all that's fair game. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?
Dave Marberger: No, you got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies. 
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. So I just want to focus a little bit on the fiscal 2022 targets, obviously, as you said, we should see the margin targets coming in ahead of plan, leverage targets is coming in ahead of plan. But then we're also all kind of talking about the inflationary effects, potentially this year, and then sound like you think you can hold on some of the pricing benefits you've already received. But then we have to combine that with some or let's say less, fixed costs leverage, as we think about next year. So it seems like kind of what's implied in all of it is, our targets are changing, but the targets that we have are still slightly below where we've come in the first half of this year. So it sounds like just kind of where you sit now, your visibility, all things considered, you just pointed to this day of in terms of your kind of your sensitivity analysis, right? As you look forward next year, all things net it out, you say, yes, we might have to give some of this back; you might have to give some of that back. But kind of net-net relative to where we were last year, we feel just as good or maybe stronger, about hitting those margin targets, while at the same time we continue to see kind of sales revised upwards, so kind of net-net, what I'm asking is, like, why wouldn't not just the margin piece, and why wouldn't kind of the operating, profit dollars in fiscal 2022 to be higher than you even thought they would have been a year and a half ago. Lot in there, but ---
Sean Connolly: Yes, so let me take a shot at that. Rob. So, obviously, starting at the top of this point to how we come out, post COVID and what the stickiness is obviously impacts the top line and that drives the sales dollars and then the gross profit, operating profit dollars, right. So but if you kind of step back and you look at this core and let me just take this Q2 and dissect it a little bit differently. So you can get an understanding of kind of what's happening in margin. If you look at we improved operating margin 250 basis points this quarter, and there's three buckets. Okay? The first bucket is improvement that we got, that's not going to stay with us. And that's 10 basis points of the 250. And what is that, that's all this COVID stuff, it's the COVID costs that are bad guy; it's the lower SG&A from Covid because we're not traveling, which is a good guy, it's favorable absorption across the P&L, which is a good guy, you net all that stuff together, that's 10 basis points of benefit we got this quarter, that's not going to return. The second bucket is what is going to recur. And that's our core productivity, that is our realized productivity from supply chain, that's our clinical synergies, and then that's inflation and business investments. For the quarter, the net benefit of that were 60 basis points, and those programs will continue to go. The third bucket is where we are still evaluating it in terms of the ongoing benefit is price mix. We had 180 basis points of price mix benefit in Q2. Now the majority of that was mix, and a lot of that's from volume. So there is a part of that that will not recur. But there's also a benefit from less merchandising and pricing in there. And some of that will recur, but we're not quantifying what amount of 180 will recur. So I say that way, because it's hard to look at some of these numbers sometimes and really understand what's ongoing versus what's not. So hopefully, that's a little helpful, kind of looking at this quarter and thinking how it could apply. But all that kind of goes into the mixture, obviously inflation, everything else we're looking at, as we run scenarios, to give us the confidence to reaffirm 2022.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, got it, it's helpful. And then I just quickly coming back to the cash piece and cash allocation. The leverage targets ahead of schedule, ramped the dividend, impressively and then obviously a lot of talk around capacity and CapEx needs, but just kind of given valuation of the stock and seeing, maybe other companies in the space, and they'll continue to announce ongoing repurchase programs, and there's more activity in the space. Like why not be more proactive around buying your stock back. And that's all thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Rob, it's Sean. Obviously, buybacks have been part of our repertoire before, and undoubtedly, will be again, in any given window, it's all about the relative appeal of these capital allocation options, and obviously, stock price factors into that one that you raised. So obviously, this is a, it's clearly an option for us and one that we will weigh against our other options.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks. 
Brian Kearney : Great, thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. That our team is available for any follow up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in the Conagra.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-10-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Conagra Brands Fiscal 21 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note todays event is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference call over to Brian Kearney, Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Ill remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or the earning slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Finally, please note that we expect to report our second quarter earnings in early January this fiscal year. We will issue a press release with the specific details later this calendar year. With that, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. I hope that you and your families are continuing to stay safe and healthy. Today Im going to unpack the quarter for you and then share our perspective on how the evolving consumer environment is shaping longer term demand for our products. So lets get started. Building upon our impressive momentum at the end of last year, were off to a strong start in Q1. We exceeded our expectations and saw a broad based strength across the portfolio. We will detail today, we believe our business is well-positioned to continue to deliver strong results, both in the near- and long-term. Transformation, weve undertaken over the past five years, by following our Conagra Way playbook to perpetually reshape our portfolio and capabilities both for growth and better margins has proven critical in enabling us to respond to the changing dynamics in the current environment. Our modernized portfolio, commitment to innovate and agile culture have allowed us to respond to the increased consumer demand and changing preferences today and position us to deliver meaningful growth into the future. Our robust performance has also helped us to get ahead of our expected deleveraging cadence. As Dave will detail later, we expect to reach our net leverage ratio target of 3.5 times to 3.6 times by the third quarter of fiscal 2021. Paying down debt has been a capital allocation priority in recent quarters, but you also know that we are committed long-term to a balanced capital allocation approach. Given our progress on deleveraging and because we remain confident in the long-term outlook for our business, our Board has increased our quarterly dividend by 29% to $1.10 on an annualized basis, and as Ill discuss more, we also continue to invest in the business. Our performance reflects the great work our team has accomplished during these challenging times. In particular, I want to recognize the thousands of hard working Conagra team members on the frontlines. Their extraordinary efforts in simultaneously keeping employees safe and maximizing our supply have made it possible for us to continue to meet the needs of our communities, customers and consumers, and I couldnt be prouder of them. Lets get into the business update. As the table on slide seven shows, our execution in the quarter enabled us to exceed our expectations across the Board. We delivered organic net sales growth of 15%, adjusted operating margins of 20.2%, adjusted EPS of $0.70. We ended the quarter with a net leverage ratio of 3.7 times, compared to 4.0 times at the end of Q4. During the first quarter, we continue to drive significant growth in each of our three retail segments. Total Conagra retail sales grew 12.9% year-over-year, driven by double-digit growth in Snacks, Frozen and Staples. Importantly, our higher margin non-promoted volume contributed significantly to this growth. Not only did we grow at a great rate, we expanded our presence with consumers and gained share. We increased household penetration by 100 basis points and category share by 30 basis points. Slide nine demonstrates how our investments in ecommerce over the last several years continue to yield results in the quarter. Strengthening our ecommerce capabilities has been an area of focus for us and were seeing the fruits of our labor. Our ecommerce retail sales have recently demonstrated impressive growth and over the past five quarters have consistently outpaced total industry ecommerce growth. First quarter also saw continued strong innovation momentum. Our steadfast commitment to the Conagra Way playbook has enabled us to consistently exceed our goal of having 15% of total retail sales each year come from products launched within the past three years. And of course, as our overall sales continue to increase, this percentage of sales represents a larger absolute dollar amount. Even during these challenging times, we remain committed to delivering innovation to our customers and consumers. Our growth is rooted in innovation and we are driving category performance. Slide 11 highlights two examples in big growth areas Frozen and Snacks. Lets take a look at the Frozen Single Serve Meals category. As compared to our fiscal 17, this category experienced a $575 million increase in retail sales during the 52-week period ended August 30th. Our innovation in Frozen Single Serve Meals over the past three years is unmistakable. Weve generated almost 100% of that categories growth over the same period. Weve applied this proven strategy to our Snacks portfolio and are seeing similar category driving growth. Slim Jim has consistently gained share and has the top position in dollar sales for meat snack innovation. And to top it all off, our new Slim Jim Savage Stick has the number one velocity in all meat snacks. Given this track record, our innovation success has earned tremendous credibility with our customers. And our most recent slate of innovation is enabling us to further enhance that credibility. Slide 12 shows some of the highlights, offerings packed with modern food attributes in bold on trends flavors. Some of these began launching in Q4 and were pleased with their early in-market performance. We will continue to roll these out throughout the year. Were also excited about the innovation shown here on slide 13. Were using our broad portfolio to extend high growth brands beyond their legacy forms. By leveraging our existing capabilities, were extending Gardein and Healthy Choice into attractive categories with large profit pools, soups, jerky and salad dressing. And these two success stories are even going one step further, co-branding Single Serve Frozen Meals. Slide 14 shows some examples of what else we have on deck for the balance of fiscal 21. Clearly, we are not slowing down on our innovation agenda. Id now like to take a moment to touch on recent performance in our three Domestic Retail domains, starting with Frozen. Slide 15 shows our impressive performance in total Frozen during the quarter. This business is over $5 billion in annual retail sales and it grew 13.5% in the quarter with double-digit growth in single serve meals, multi-serve meals and plant-based meat alternatives. With respect to Frozen Vegetables recall that last quarter we were supply constrained in Birds Eye, demand was in excess of our available capacity, exacerbated by a brief plant shutdown to keep our employees safe and healthy. Im pleased to report that during the first quarter, our Birds Eye plants [indiscernible] full capacity, and as the quarter progressed, we qualified external manufacturers to supplement our capabilities. While our consumption in Frozen Vegetables grew 0.7% in the quarter, our shipments grew at a much faster rate as retailers started rebuilding inventories. Sitting here today, Birds Eye which holds the number one position in the category and has over twice the category share compared to the closest branded competitor is very well-positioned as we enter the important holiday season. Turning to Snacks, Snacks business delivered another impressive quarter of growth, 14.6% versus the previous year and 22.7% on a two-year basis. In meat snacks, we are working to maintain our growth and capabilities, investing and expanded capacity at our Troy, Ohio plant. To be clear, this investment is not a reaction to the near-term environment, but a decision made pre-COVID and rooted in our longer term outlook for the business. Our meaningful Staples result as shown on slide 17 demonstrates that this domain remains extremely relevant. Our Staples business grew retail sales 11.6% year-over-year with strong performance across our portfolio of iconic brands. Id now like to turn to our perspective on the evolving environment and what we see going forward. While we hope and expect that the most acute and severe impact of COVID-19 is behind us, we believe that recent shift in consumer behavior, coupled with macroeconomic trends suggests that at-home eating will remain elevated for some time. We also believe that we are very well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. I will unpack these points in a bit more. We see consumers experiencing and making lifestyle changes driven by COVID-19 that suggests the arrival of a sustained shift in eating habits. We also know from prior recessions, that an economic downturn typically leads to a permanent increase in at-home eating even when economic growth returns. These consumer trends affect everyone in our industry, but we believe that Conagra is uniquely positioned to benefit substantially from this environment. Our portfolio is well developed in the eating occasions that have seen the most significant and sustained shift to at-home eating and our portfolio delivers against the cooking behaviors that consumers are adopting. Were attracting more new buyers than our peers and consumers are choosing to stick with Conagra and come back for more. With our proven track record of innovation, we believe we will continue to attract new consumers and deliver food that meets their evolving needs. Lets drill down on some of the proof points that underpin these expectations. Starting with why we believe at-home eating will remain elevated. As you know, the vast majority of our sales are sourced from the United States. And unfortunately, U.S. economy has been greatly affected by the pandemic, unemployment in the U.S. remains high, the pace of new job growth is decelerating and many U.S. households have limited savings. To understand how this recession may impact Americans eating habits going forward, we look back at how behavior changed in the wake of the last recession. Slide 20 shows the percentage -- percent of eating occasions that have been sourced at-home in the U.S. since 2007. As you can see, the 08 recession was a catalyst for a 200-basis-point increase in at-home eating occasions from 80% to 82% over the course of four years. Importantly, that rate held steady long after the recession ended, even when the economy returned to growth and employment hit record levels. With the COVID-19 disruption, weve already seen another 200-basis-point increase to 84% in four months from March to June 2020. History is a guide, the increased percentage at-home eating occasions should persist even when economic growth returns. And as slide 21 shows, as consumers are saving money in their food budgets, they are using their dollars and time differently. Theyre preparing to be at-home for an extended period of time. Consumers are investing in their houses, their home gyms, their entertainment systems and their kitchens. In the chart on the right, you can see that consumers are also spending more time cooking. Data is showing that consumers are tackling more complex meals. In other words, theyre upgrading their culinary skills. We dont expect these upgrades to homes, at-home entertainment kitchens and cooking skills to go away anytime soon. This all leads to one conclusion, more time at-home, and as a result, more consumption of food at-home. The pivot to remote work is also a meaningful development. The significant workplace disruption weve experienced over the past several months has given way to a new normal remote workforce. Chart on the left of slide 22 shows how even baseline projections see office vacancies remaining elevated over the coming years. Furthermore, on the right, we can see how remote workforce adoption has significantly increased or working from home means more lunches eaten at-home and real opportunity for a portfolio like ours. While were well past the initial spike of stock up behavior, when COVID first emerged in the U.S. in March, at-home eating occasions have remained elevated, even increasing over the most recent two weeks of data. As the chart on slide 23 shows, were continuing to see a double-digit percent increase in total industry sales at retail versus the prior year. During our first quarter, food and beverage industry sales rose an impressive 14%. While we dont know exactly how these growth rates will trend going forward, we do know that were entering the cold and flu season and that winter weather could limit the appeal of outdoor restaurant dining in many parts of the country. All of these factors give us reason to believe that the elevated level of at-home heating should persist. We also believe that Conagra is uniquely positioned to benefit. Lets start with slide 24. Total at-home meals have increased almost 6% in the three months ending July 2020. Thats almost 7 billion meals. When you take a closer look at this growth by day part, the increases in meals and dollars are skewing toward lunch and dinner, and as you know, Conagra is well developed in both of these day parts. The chart on the right shows that in fact, our portfolio over indexes in dinner and its almost at parity for lunch compared to the overall mix. And whether a consumer wants to cook from scratch to put those newly developed culinary skills to the test or he can eat. Conagras diverse portfolio can deliver a solution for every need in everyday part. So we are very well-positioned for when and how people are eating more at-home. On slide 25 you can see the benefits. Over 80% of our categories have been growing in line or faster than the industry. And as I mentioned earlier, weve been gaining share within those categories. This is further demonstrated by slide 26, which shows were attracting new buyers at a faster rate than any of our peers. Slide 27 shows that the buyers were attracting over index to the coveted millennial and Gen X generations. As you might expect, were seeing substantial millennial expansion in Frozen, but just as importantly, were seeing their expansion in Snacks and Staples as well. Because of this, were creating the groundwork for future growth above the category and above our peers. Were attracting younger generations and building superior consumer lifetime value. And not only are more consumers trying our products, theyre liking them and coming back for more. Take a look at the chart on slide 28. New Trier Repeat Rates for our consumers, whose first trial was in March or April have remained steady at above 50%. That stickiness can be seen further in the chart on slide 29, not only our repeat rate sustaining, but depth of repeat is improving. More consumers are choosing to repurchase a Conagra product two times or more times compared to where we were a year ago. When you compare us to our peers, we are at the front of the pack. Slide 30 shows that we rank above nearly all of our peers in the total percentage of repeat purchasers, demonstrating the improved stickiness of our brand loyalty. So in summary, executing our discipline Conagra Way playbook over the last five years has grown our portfolio, grown our capabilities and positioned us to meet the evolving needs of our consumers while earning the confidence of our customers. We believe that at-home eating will remain elevated for some time as consumers seek affordable and convenient meals that meet the needs of their new normal and were confident that Conagra is well-positioned to see sustained benefit. With that, Ill turn it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Ill walk through our first quarter financial performance and outlook before opening the line for questions. Lets look at the P&L highlights for the quarter, which are captured on slide 33. As Sean discussed, we started fiscal 21 on a strong note, elevated demand across our retail segments, coupled with effective execution enabled us to exceed expectations for net sales, profitability, free cash flow and deleveraging. Compared to the same period a year ago, net sales and organic net sales for the first quarter were up 12.1% and 15%, respectively. Adjusted gross margin increased 244 basis points to 30.7%. Adjusted operating margin increased 450 basis points versus the same period a year ago, reaching 20.2% for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased 34.5% to $647 million. And adjusted EPS increased 62.8% to $0.70, exceeding our first quarter guidance. Slide 34 outlines the drivers of our first quarter net sales versus the same period a year ago. As you can see, the 15% increase in organic net sales was driven by a double-digit increase in volume, as well as favorable impacts from price mix. Favorable pricing and sales mix both contributed to the growth in the quarter. Price mix also been included a benefit of approximately 70 basis points from a favorable change in estimate associated with a prior period trade expense accrual. The organic net sales increase more than offset headwind from divestitures and foreign exchange. As we pointed out in the past, the impact from divestitures continues to diminish sequentially, as we anniversary the divestiture closing dates, including the impact of the recently announced divestiture of H.K. Anderson, the full year impact of divestitures is expected to approximate 100 basis points. Turning to slide 35, youll find a summary of net sales by segment for the first quarter. We saw continued strong growth in each of the companys three retail segments on both a reported and organic basis. The net sales increase was primarily driven by consumers increasing their at-home food consumption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which benefited our three retail segments, but negatively impacted the Food Service segment. In the quarter, our Grocery and Snacks segment reported organic net sales growth of 20.7%. This segment benefited as consumers continue to purchase convenient shelf stable products to enhance their at-home eating experience. Segment growth in shipments this quarter exceeded growth in consumption, as retailers began rebuilding inventories on brands such as Hunts, PAM, Duncan Hines and Vlasic. The Refrigerated and Frozen segments also experienced strong growth in the quarter. The 19% increase in organic net sales is a testament to our innovation and modernization efforts, and the role our portfolio plays in meeting the needs of todays consumers. This segment also experienced shipment growth greater than consumption growth in the quarter, primarily as a result of Birds Eye. As Sean mentioned, we increased capacity in Frozen Vegetables during the quarter, enabling retailers to start replenishing their inventories. The International segments 13.1% organic net sales growth came in stronger than we forecasted, with each of the segments regions posting growth higher than projected, primarily from COVID related demand. Our Food Service segment reported a 20.3% organic net sales decline, primarily driven by a volume decrease of 24.2% due to lower restaurant traffic. This marks an improvement from last quarter as some restaurant traffic began to rebound. Slide 36 outlines the drivers of the 450 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion in the first quarter. Our margin levers such as realized productivity, price mix, operating leverage and synergies drove a 610-basis-point increase in the quarter. The specific drivers of this increase are, supply chain realized productivity of 290 basis points, price mix of 250 basis points, cost of goods sold synergy of 90 basis points and operating leverage of 60 basis points. Also, the net impact of divestitures, FX and other items negatively impacted operating margin by 80 basis points. Cost of goods sold inflation was approximately 3.1% in the quarter, which negatively impacted gross margin by 220 basis points. We incurred approximately $34 million in cost of goods sold directly related to our COVID-19 response, which negatively impacted gross margin by 150 basis points. Our A&P rate was favorable by 20 basis points in the quarter due to the favorable sales leverage. As on $1 basis, we spent approximately the same amount as last years first quarter. Finally, our SG&A rate was favorable by 190 basis points. Approximately 160 basis points was related to the combination of fixed costs leverage on higher net sales and reduced spending related to COVID-19, as employees worked from home and did not travel. The remaining 30-basis-point improvement was driven by synergies, partially offset by normal SG&A inflation and increases in stock-based compensation expense. We have certainly seen a margin benefit driven by the current environment. But its also clear to see that we have made great progress improving the underlying operating margin of the business. Slide 37 shows our adjusted operating profit and margin summary by segment in the first quarter. Our total company adjusted operating profit increased 44.2% to $541 million in the quarter. Importantly, all four of our segments reported margin expansion in the quarter. These results demonstrate the tremendous operating margin improvement in our Domestic Retail and International segments. While the Food Service segment saw a decline in operating profit dollars, the segment reported a 28-basis-point increase in adjusted operating margin. This was aided by lower inventory write-offs and less trade spending in the quarter. Slide 38 highlights that our adjusted EPS increased 62.8% to $0.70 in the quarter, primarily driven by the increase in adjusted operating profit associated with the net sales increased and margin expansion. Turning to slide 39, you will see a summary of our synergy capture since the close of the Pinnacle Foods acquisition in fiscal 19. After exceeding our fiscal 20 goal of $180 million, we have continued our strong synergy progress in the beginning of fiscal 21. In Q1, we captured an incremental $35 million in savings, bringing total cumulative synergies through the end of the first quarter to $219 million. To-date, the majority of our synergies have been in SG&A and we expect the majority of the remaining synergies to be reflected in cost of goods sold. Were very pleased with our progress and are confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitment Slide 40 shows the strong progress weve made to improve our balance sheet and cash flow. From the close of the Pinnacle acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 19 through the end of the first quarter of fiscal 21, we have reduced total gross debt by more than $1.9 billion, resulting in total net debt of $9.2 billion. As of the end of the first quarter, our net leverage ratio was 3.7 times, down from 4 times at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 20. Given our income, we are confident in our ability to achieve our targeted leverage ratio of 3.5 times to 3.6 times by the third quarter of fiscal 21. In addition, we remain committed to solid investment grade credit ratings. Also, our cash flow remains very strong. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operating activities increased $78 million or 37% compared to the prior year. At the same time, we increased our investment in the business by increasing CapEx by $39 million or 36%. Supply chain investments and cost savings and capacity projects made up most of our year-over-year spend, as we continue to optimize our network and drive brand growth. This has led to our free cash flow increasing $39 million to 38% the last years first quarter. As a result of our strong cash flows and progress reducing debt, we have greater financial flexibility to both invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. This coupled with consistent successful execution of our strategic priorities and our ongoing confidence in the long-term strength of the business led our Board to approve a 29% increase in the quarterly dividend to $27.5 per share or $1.10 per share on an annualized basis. This action is consistent with our commitment to maintaining a balanced approach to capital allocation. As we return cash to shareholders, were also increasing our investments in the business as evidenced by the 36% increase in Q1 CapEx, I just mentioned. Turning to slide 42, you will find a summary of our outlook. As youve heard both Sean and me share this morning, we believe there is much to look forward to in the quarters ahead. However, the dynamics surrounding COVID-19 continue to make forecasting with specificity a challenge. What we can share is that we anticipate a continuation of elevated retail demand throughout the second quarter. We are therefore providing second quarter guidance as noted in the release and on this slide. We expect organic net sales growth of plus 6% to plus 8% in the second quarter. We expect adjusted operating margin in the second quarter to be in the range of 18% to 18.5%. Relative to Q1 operating margin, we expect less operating leverage benefit and we expect to increase our marketing support both above the line and below the line. We believe there are opportunities to increase brand building investments where capacity permits. Given these operating margin factors, along with expected improvement in below the line items, we expect to deliver second quarter adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $0.70 to $0.74. We expect to reach our leverage target of 3.5 times to 3.6 times by the third quarter of this fiscal year. Of course, our ability to achieve these targets assumes continued performance end-to-end by our supply chain. Finally, we are reaffirming all of our fiscal 22 targets this morning. Note that the impact of the H.K. Anderson divestiture is small enough that we will not be discussing [ph] our fiscal 22 EPS targets for the divestiture. Thanks for listening everyone. That concludes my remarks. Ill now pass to the operator to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Dave Marberger: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess -- hi, there. I guess, first off, just so I get some clarity on this, you talk about obviously in some of your key segments shipments exceeding what we would have expected around takeaway or -- around takeaway given some rebuilding of retailer inventory. Can you tell us about how much that might have benefited overall organic sales growth in the quarter? And I assume thats really just retailers getting back to more normalized levels, as opposed to volume that needs to sort of come out of future quarters?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Andrew, let me take that. Its Dave. Yes. We came out of Q4. The retailer inventory levels were below historic levels. We talked about that specifically Birds Eye, but we also saw it in several of our Grocery brands as well. So the shipments about consumption in the first quarter were clearly just getting the inventory levels back to the days of supply that theyre looking for. As we sit here -- as we ended Q1 and we sit here today, retailer days of supply are still below historic levels. So when you look at shipping about consumption it wasnt -- now were sitting here with heavy retailer inventories were still below historic averages. So it was a catch up from where inventory levels were at the end of Q4.
Andrew Lazar: Would -- and just as part of that, would you expect this 6% to 8% organic sales growth in fiscal 2Q to be all in more in keeping with what consumption trends are or above what you anticipate consumption will be, because of some continued retailer inventory built? Then Ive just got a quick follow-up.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Right now were forecasting that shipments will pretty much be in line with consumption for Q2.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then you mentioned, just recently stepping up marketing spend both above and below the line, where you have the capacity to do so to sustain some of these new consumers. I guess, how do we think about that, maybe the magnitude of that step up as it relates to how much of the fiscal 1Q sort of earnings upside could well flow through the full year? I guess Im asking how much the company is willing to or it feels makes sense to commit to really stepping up marketing, because it was seemed a small price to pay in the end, if you can hold on to some of these consumers longer term?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Andrew, let me give you some big picture perspective on how we think about this and then we can talk a little bit about a year ago period, because I think its important that you all understand what we intend to do, what we do not intend to do and why. First off, before we ever contemplate an increase in our brand building investments, two simple things have to be in place, one, the capacity to supply new demand generation, and two, evidence of a strong ROI. Now, on this latter ROI point, there are two types of investments, where the evidence is quite strong regarding ROI, investments to increase consumer awareness around our new innovations and investments to further build out our ecommerce business. So a new innovation awareness, think of it this way, its the precursor to trial. We do great at trial, but you got -- and it repeat, but youve got to get that awareness in place. So as you saw on the data, we -- our repeat performance has been stepped up. On ecommerce, weve learned that what we get out of it is directly a function of what we put into it. Weve also learned though that speed in supporting the business is very important, because it enables you to build a beachhead in the etailing universe that helps us fuel future purchases. So if we were to cede this opportunity, someone else would build that beachhead. But overall, Id say, we believe that supporting innovation and ecommerce undoubtedly maximizes long-term value, because it maximizes consumer penetration which then converts to loyalty. But lets keep things in perspective about the level of support were talking about. As you know, our A&P is very hard working, but its also very, very efficient and the rate has hovered around 2% over the last year or so, working synergistically with our retailer investments. So thats been our playbook, it works and we will continue to do it. In this coming quarter, the spend is likely to be a bit higher than Q1, because we have more capacity and because its usually higher in Q2 than Q1, because its the holiday season. And as the stores get crowded around holidays, we want to win at the point of purchase and we know that if we create awareness, the rest will take care of itself, which sets up a good back half and a good fiscal 22. In terms of flow through to the year, as you know, were not guiding to the year. And the reason for that today is the same as the reason a year ago, which is, were trying to manage this unpredictable environment quarter-to-quarter. We dont [indiscernible] the back half will give us. So the key thing for us right now is keeping people healthy and keeping our plants running, because if we cant do that, obviously, it puts a lid on our ability to drive revenue, which then converts to profit. So, were just navigating this quarter-by-quarter right now.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks very much.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. I know its difficult to be precise, but is there a way to think about what your operating margin might have been, if not for the trade load and the accounting catch up for 4Q promo expenses? Dave, I appreciate you mentioned that operating leverage added only 60 basis points to the margin this quarter, its a bit less than I might have expected. But maybe your mix was also helped by the load or maybe youre just using so many co-packers, that the benefits of the margin from higher volume just wasnt that big, Im just trying to get a sense for what just sort of underlying operating margin was excluding some of those maybe non-recurring benefits?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Ken, let me -- to your point, were not going to get precise with that. I -- on my remarks, I tried to unpack it in a lot of detail, so you could understand all the different components and drivers. And so you should be able to say, okay, this is more of a COVID-related type item. For example, we specifically quantified our COVID-related expenses. So you can look at that. What I will say is that, our realized productivity programs and supply chain are tracking very well. Our synergy capture, which is a big part of our margin improvement, is on track and continues to be on track and were confident that will continue. So when you look at those items and you compare to inflation and you strip it out at a high level, were seeing improvement in core operating margin performance as we expect it to pre-COVID. So Im not going to give you the exact number, but generally I feel like were on track and the Pinnacle synergies was an important part of that improvement.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, its Sean. I -- let me just re-characterize to the shipment perspective from Q1, because I think -- I want you to think a little differently then some of the language you use. I would characterize it as a partial replenishment. We exited Q4 with retailer inventories highly depleted, way below kind of normalized levels in terms of stock on hand. That began to rebuild in the quarter, which obviously will lead to shipments being ahead of consumption. But the net takeaway in terms of absolute status of inventories and trade right now is its still better than it is historically in terms of days on hand. Thats both because not every single category is flush with capacity on the supply side, but also because the takeaway is higher. So when the pull through is more, your days on hand drops. So thats how I want you guys to think about the retail inventory dynamic.
Ken Goldman: It makes sense. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up, can you update us, Sean, on how the Birds Eye brand in particular is doing? Youre doing so well with so many of your categories and brands, I dont mean to pick on this one, its just at least what were seeing in Nielsen data. Its seems like this ones a little more sluggish, maybe private label is taking a little more share than what I might have thought. So Im just curious if you can give us a status update on that brand in particular?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I am happy to talk about Birds Eye for sure. Birds Eye, as you heard in the prepared remarks is running flat out right now. Weve got, thankfully, the plants are running well and we are growing. But what youre seeing in consumption, it does -- it can confuse, because the natural level of demand is actually higher than that. But what you see going on right now is we are approaching the all important holiday season for vegetables and it is very, very important to retailers to have vegetable inventory during the holidays. So the supply constraints that youre seeing on Birds Eye are not just those that weve had in terms of our ability to manufacture, but its also some retailers prioritizing preserving holiday inventory above, call it, late summer inventory. Because as you can imagine, when consumers go to buy their Thanksgiving dinner and vegetables, and they cant get what they want, that becomes a very emotional, very negative emotional event and we dont want that nor do our retailers.
Ken Goldman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Congratulations on a strong start to the fiscal year. I know were still early in this year, but my attention, I think a lot of peoples attention is on your goals for next year, for fiscal 22 targets, which increasingly look like theyre more achievable than I think many of us thought they would be a few quarters ago. On the sales side of that, your 1% to 2% CAGR, if Ive flat lined the back half of the year, Ive got to take 2022 organic sales down 9% or so to get that multiyear CAGR down to 1% to 2%, and obviously, that sort of reset in 22 contrast with the narrative you guys built with a lot of really interesting data, by the way, on why some of this consumption may remain elevated? So how do I split those two or should I just sit back and say, listen, you put the target out a while ago, youre not going to move at this point in time, there may be some conservatism on the sales side?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I think, were not going to try to speculate on what would we be looking like without COVID, but what we are dealing with is kind of what weve got. So the environment weve got, we believe, sets us up well, as we laid out in the prepared remarks today and it puts us in a position to reaffirm kind of where we are with 22 with our long-term algorithm and thats really -- thats all the commentary, I think, weve got on 22.
Jason English: Okay. Okay. But you are confident youd get there without it, and obviously, youre expecting COVID to be a boost. So there at least the sales side looks like its more firming grass. On the cost side, I appreciate the detail you ran through on the incremental COVID expense, you also mentioned theres COVID-related savings. Are those that are net neutral or when the dust settles here, will you have benefits of incremental costs falling away, so netted against the headwinds of incremental costs going back in or could actually be net favorable net headwind to all in?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So we laid out the $34 million in COVID-related costs in our margin bridge. SG&A includes savings just because people are working from home, theres just not as much travel and expense. And so, but thats less, thats probably a third of the $34 million in terms of the favourability.
Sean Connolly: But I think long-term, one of the key points were making today is, our -- the work weve done for five years, then intersecting with COVID leads to a very positive long-term NPV, because we are getting these new consumers into our brands. They are discovering all the innovations that weve launched really over the last four years or five years, including the new stuff. Theyre liking it and theyre converting to repeaters and their depth of repeat is strong. And thats -- were going to be at 22 before we know it and then well be thinking what comes beyond 22 and certainly all were trying to maximize that outlook.
Dave Marberger: Jason, can I just add one more just, so the $34 million is in cost of goods sold, which affects gross margin. The, call it, $9 million, $10 million of favourability is in SG&A.
Jason English: Understood. Really helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow up on the topic of gross spending, you mentioned that you have the opportunity to reinvest and you mentioned that working media will continue to be in that 2% of sales level, and you also mentioned investments in ecommerce. I am wondering if you could talk about how much you are reinvesting away from the working media, whether its ecommerce or other capabilities on the expense line and how meaningful that reinvestment is or is been accelerating during this period and I have follow-up?
Dave Marberger: Go ahead.
Sean Connolly: Keep in mind, the A&P that weve got these days is almost all working A&P, a lot of the inefficiency that we found in A&P was in non-working dollars, survey, data, market research, commercial production, things like that, that have -- has been really cleaned up and what remains is very hard working, but its -- keep in mind also the vast majority of it is in digital. I think at Cagney we said over 80% of it was a digital spend. So that spans everything from ecommerce investments to digital social advertising, working direct-to-consumer messaging, all of that stuff. And so weve hovered historically over the last number of quarters about 2%. This last quarter we were below that, because we were supply constrained, it didnt make sense to pour more A&P on top of a supply constraint, but now were getting some flexibility there and youll see a more normalized level for what a Q2 usually is. Dave?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Let me just add to that David just maybe helped a little bit. So if you look at the Q2 guide for operating margin versus where we came in at Q1 is 20.2%. Let me give you kind of a few pieces here that will help you also on the marketing investment. So, first, the trade change an estimate thats about 40 basis points. So if you take that out, because thats a benefit to the first quarter thats just going to stay for the year. The difference between Q1 and sort of the midpoint of the 2Q guide is about 150 basis points lower. That difference between Q1 and Q2 is roughly split among investments in A&P and above the line investments in merchandising and slotting, and then growth focused cost of goods sold investments to support our innovation and capital investments. So thats -- of the 150 basis points that kind of splits into those buckets. So the Q2 A&P level will be up versus Q1 and it will be more consistent with the level that we saw Q2 a year ago for A&P.
David Palmer: And just a quick follow up, I know theres always limitation to how much you can comment on M&A. But there have been companies out there successfully selling stuff that they own to help their future growth and getting surprisingly good prices, Im thinking of Hain Celestial here, just for example. You have the tax asset. Things seem to be going slowly there on the divestiture front. Do you look at this as a -- an opportunity rich environment for you to perhaps reduce exposure to lower growing categories that might hamper your growth after COVID? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Well, I guess, David, the answer is, it depends. And as you look back over the last several years, weve been fairly active both on inbound and outbound stuff and we also are keenly aware we have this tax asset and it does expire at some point. But weve said pretty consistently from the beginning, its not necessarily strategic to use the tax asset for the sake of using the tax asset. Its strategic if we use it to create value and as we think about candidates that could be outbound, it always comes down to can we get a value for it that is above what we see as the intrinsic value. So weve made very good progress on our deleveraging, getting ahead of our expectations there. Its not as if we feel pressure such that we would ever liquidate an asset below its intrinsic value. We dont feel that pressure, but if a good valuation came along, weve -- as youve seen from our practices in the past, that would be something we would look at as well.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Chris, good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just wanted to follow on a couple of earlier questions, just to get a sense of what you think the inventory rebuild added to the first quarter. And then also to understand the perspective around 2Q and why inventories are not rebuilding back to normal levels. And I want to understand is your production ability is it sounds like it has caught up and can you keep pace with demand right now, is that any sort of limitation to you building inventory in 2Q?
Sean Connolly: Well, the inventories have started to rebuild, Chris, but demand remains elevated. Its really a category by category dynamics in terms of pull-through takeaway versus capacity at the plant. So, as I pointed out, between manufacturing capacity overall and retailer inventories be like, its still -- were still in catch up mode. But some categories are in good shape and those are the ones where we have the ability to really maximize demand. But its not by any stretch normalized yet, because the lifts that the demand remains very strong and now, of course, were going into a season where all the outdoor dining is going to go away in a lot of parts of the country and cold flu season is upon us. So its plausible that demand can even lift from here. You saw that in one chart I showed on occasions even the most recent weeks beginning to tick back up.
Chris Growe: Yeah. And then would you say what inventory added to the first quarter?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. We shipped above -- retailer inventory, you are talking about?
Chris Growe: Yes. How much your shipments were above consumption, like, what that added to your sales growth in the first quarter?
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Our shipments were, I think, it was 600 basis points difference between shipment and consumption.
Chris Growe: Okay.
Dave Marberger: Let me tell you
Chris Growe: And then I just had -- yeah. Right. Good. Okay.
Dave Marberger: Right.
Chris Growe: And then just one other quick question on new products contribution is quite high. There are -- a lot of companies that have had to put off some new product launches and I think now were starting to get back to it. I just want to understand, as I think about, the next couple quarters, do you have a normal rate of new productivity thats occurring and are you seeing that come too late at all because of the environment that were in, just the robust growth occurring at retail?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I tell you, Chris, back when this all hit in March, April, I would have thought more customers would have wanted to delay some of the new innovations. But given a track record and given, especially, Frozen and Snacks, the way our innovation driven category growth and the way weve really accounted for almost all of the sharing some of our key categories in terms of growth that demand from customers for our new innovation remained extremely strong. So a lot of our products have been going out the door, weve got more yet to go out the door and the performance of those products in marketplace have been strong. So weve been doing a combination to maximize supply, skew rationalization where it makes sense to do so on brands like Chef Boyardee, so we can maximize the volume were putting out there. But at the same time, weve been very strong on innovation and it has been working. So thats strictly a function of how well our innovation does in terms of velocities in the marketplace. Weve got, if you look at some velocities, just new stuff that weve got out there like, Duncan Hines as a brand we dont always talk about, weve got these new keto-friendly cups and it is brand new and its already got the number one dollar velocity skew in that segment. Our Slim Jim products the velocity is just crushing it. Our Slim Jim Savage initiative is the number one velocity in all meat snacks and its been the number two velocity in all snacks overall in the last 13 weeks. So these new products are not only going out the door they are really performing. 
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC. Please go ahead with your question.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I just wanted to touch on cost, could you just give us an update on kind of how you see things playing out in terms of some of the key commodity costs. But more importantly, I just wanted to get a sense on your thoughts around manufacturing and labor costs, and kind of how you think about that as you move forward over the next several quarters. Because were hearing a lot from the industry just people not showing up from work, and obviously, consumption remains elevated, so co-pack usage is going up and transportation costs are going up. So, just wanted to get your thoughts on just that whole bucket, if you can? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Nik, let me start and then Sean, you can jump in. So for Q1 our overall inflation was 3.1% for the quarter. As we look going forward, we estimate that that overall inflation rate is going to come down more to kind of the low- to mid-2%, if you look going forward. As you mentioned, there have been increases in spot rates for freight. Freights about 10% of our overall cost of goods sold, but its a very small piece of our business, because we contract for our freight. So clearly going to be an impact, but on an overall weighted basis we think its manageable and we have other favourability that we can offset that. In terms of supply chain, remember, its the end-to-end supply chain. So its not just our manufacturing, its our co-mans, but its also our suppliers. So to the extent that certain regions get hit with COVID and then theres impact on labor, it impacts the entire supply chain. And so were on that every day -- every hour of every day, making sure we understand kind of where we are with demand and then where we are with supply. Were manufacturing -- full out at all our manufacturing locations and were really working closely with our suppliers to make sure we understand where they are with their lead times on ingredients and packaging and all the things that are critical for us to be able to make a finished product. So Sean, anything?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I think you covered it.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey. Thanks. So much of the labor topic youve already addressed in part, but can you just maybe take a step back and give us a bit more perspective as to how you landed that that 2% of sales, A&P are working media level just being the right one. I think everyone would agree its working well now. But I think that a lot of investors watching your story from the outside and watching other CPG companies lean into todays demand with more elevated A&P investment. There carry some concerns about your topline having more headwinds when the music stops on at-home demands, so to speak, and I appreciate everything you said about demand staying elevated for longer potentially. But I guess its important to from my -- from what I hear to address that concern head on, because its a question for all the investors who like what youre doing on the innovation, on the trial and near-term repeat fronts, but they are more concerned about your brand equity is being strong enough going forward to cement long-term loyalty.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Steve happy to talk about that, I feel like I talk about this every quarter. I -- my consistent encouragement to investors is to think about our brand building work holistically. It starts with the design of the product and the package, and then it includes all the investments we make to create a connection between our consumer and the brands. Some of that connection happens in the Grocery store. Some of it -- a lot of it happens on their phones or on their computer or digitally. All of it works together. But a big piece of our first investment and how we get sustained growth is in designing the right products and the right packages. If you look at the Single Serve Frozen Meals slide that I shared today, we are now multiple years into re-innovating that category and it started with major investments in the food quality and the packaging. And then on top of that we layered investments in A&P and investment with our retailers. And when we got to year one of our success there, the question we got is, how are you going to wrap this? Whats happened in year two when your competition sees this and they emulate you and youve got difficult comps? What -- how weve done it year after year after year and weve retained just about 100% of the category growth in that space, which suggests that all the investments we make holistically in brand building from product to package to retailer investments to A&P works very hard and is driving sustained performance. What sometimes trips people up is they get accustomed to seeing thinking that all brand building resides on the A&P line and that a good rate of A&P, which is kind of an artifact of the industry from the past is a 4% rate or something like that. If you dig deep within most of the companies that have had those kinds of rates, what you find is extraordinary amount of non-working dollars and then working dollars that are still used against traditional tools like in line TV media and things like that. We are far beyond those days and weve purged out that inefficient spend and weve converted the old analog spend to heavily digital. And what we find is when we put that profile together and we do it with the work we do with retailers in store, which by the way as you know, is not just deep discounting, thats not really the Conagra playbook anymore, it has been very successful for us. With respect to taking that investment up in any given COVID window, it kind of depends upon what brand were talking about, because the last thing that would make sense would be to be spending a bunch of A&P and a brand that were short on supply and were not doing that. But what weve said in the call earlier today is, if we have available capacity and if we have evidence of good ROI, we will absolutely increase the spend. So you look at the average and it doesnt tell you much, on some brands the rate is much higher than that and those are brands usually where we get tremendous responsiveness and we get -- we have available capacity.
Steve Powers: Yeah. I think thats a comprehensive like overview. I guess the only thing that I guess the follow up Id have is, is that in this environment other companies are making incremental investments that they might not have been making in the -- in a more normal environment. And I guess, are you just saying that those incremental investments just generally are not going to have a good ROI or theyre not happening in your competitive set or just how do we square that circle? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: I guess what I am saying is, give us credit for the incremental investments that we already had in our baseline. If you look at the slides today that showed the sheer breadth and depth of the innovation we put out there, its unmatched. So those are investments and those are investments that have already been in place and are already underway. And then on top of that, we layer investments to drive awareness of those new innovations. So, the investment profile is holistic and it includes building out one of the leading, if not the leading innovation portfolios in all the industry and all the costs associated with doing that.
Steve Powers: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So just two quick ones for me, first on the dividend, weve got a step up today, which in a sense kind of makes up for the time that the dividend has been frozen. So, at this level of this payout ratio, should we think of it, this now is kind of a normalized ratio and assuming theres growth going forward, were at a level where we can grow the dividend consistently? And then the second one is just, in terms of the outlook or the lack of outlook for this fiscal year and the kind of the question around visibility, its the lack of visibility more around cost relative to revenues, because it seems like youve got a pretty reasonable amount of confidence in the environment and your ability to drive revenue in this environment. So just curious if the inability to guidance is more driven by cost versus revenues? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: So, Bryan, let me hit the dividend. So, Sean and I communicated in our remarks are, our cash flow, our deleveraging cadence are ahead of expectations and were confident were going to hit the target at 3.5 times to 3.6 times leverage ratio in the third quarter. Were also confident in the long-term strength of the business as we reaffirm fiscal 22. So based on this progress and the Boards confidence in the structurally higher earnings power for the company, the Board approved a dividend from $0.85 to $1.10 annualized and this increase moves us towards the longer term historic payout ratio of 45% to 50%. So thats what Ill tell you related to the dividend. Sean, I dont know if you want to add anything for the second part on the long-term for the outlook.
Bryan Spillane: Actually...
Sean Connolly: Yeah.
Bryan Spillane:  its more related to fiscal 21. Just trying to understand not having guidance for the full year, is the lack of visibility more a function of visibility on the topline or is it a function of cost?
Sean Connolly: No. I think one of the things you got to keep in mind is were -- as we obviously are in the middle of a pandemic. So, to some degree, the upper control limit on revenue is, how much can we get out of the plant and the function, how much we get out of the plant is a function of how healthy we can keep people. So this is a very contagious disease. Were trying our best. Were doing a great job. But every day when we come in, we start our day at 8 oclock in the morning, going through a review of how healthy our people are in every single one of our facilities and every day brings us new information and the team is doing a great job of managing that, but its a variable and its a variable that makes it very hard to predict how these quarters have unfold, which why were taking this at this point time quarter-by-quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Yeah. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we will conclude todays question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to turn the conference call back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So, as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will conclude todays conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-06-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Conagra Brands fourth quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Ill remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found either in the earnings press release or the earning slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making some references to Total Conagra Brands as well as the Legacy Conagra Brands. References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the acquired Pinnacle Foods business.  With that, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. On behalf of Conagra Brands I want to start by expressing my heartfelt hope that you and your families are continuing to stay safe and healthy. On today's call, were going to address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results, our expectations for fiscal 2021, and our perspective on why Conagra is uniquely positioned to succeed in this new environment. But first, I want to provide some context around what has brought us to this point. Over the past five years, we have been purposefully architecting one of the largest transformations in the food industry. When we embarked on this process, we made major strategic decisions on where to compete and how to win. After decades as a food conglomerate, we transformed into a pure play branded food company with a portfolio focused on competing in three domains; Frozen, Snacks, and Staples. We committed to perpetually reshaping our portfolio for better growth and better margins, and established a disciplined approach rooted in a playbook that we call the Conagra Way. This relentlessly principle-based playbook is filled with repeatable and scalable processes that focus on modernizing our iconic brands through superior food, contemporary packaging, and strong, consistent marketing investment. The Conagra Way is not just a way to build brands, but an operating model that has helped cultivate our agile, motivated, and highly energized culture.  As I'll describe in more detail in a moment, fiscal 2020 saw unprecedented performance as we built upon the extraordinary progress we have made over the past five years. We further strengthened our business, including getting legacy Pinnacle back on track and delivered strong financial results. During the fourth quarter, in particular, our transformation was put to the test, and youre seeing the fruits of our labor. Our modernized portfolio and agile culture enabled us to respond the increased consumer demand driven by COVID-19. At this point, the degree to which demand will return to historical norms is still uncertain, and the timing of the changes in consumer demand is also uncertain. However, we believe that demand will likely remain elevated in the near-term given both consumer perceptions about returning to work and eating outside the home as well as the fact that consumers are discovering and rediscovering the pleasures, conveniences, and tremendous value proposition of dining at home. Dave will cover the financials in more detail, but I want to let you know that we continue to be on track to deliver our fiscal 2022 algorithm and we remain committed to achieving our leverage target of 3.5 times to 3.6 times by the end of fiscal 2021. As we'll detail today, we believe our portfolio is optimally positioned to succeed in the new normal. We are focused on making the right investments to ensure that we can continue to safely and reliably meet consumers needs in fiscal '21 and the longer term.  In today's presentation, we will cover our business update, the behavioral shifts we have seen, and how Conagra is well positioned to benefit from these shifts and what we expect going forward in terms of our near-term outlook and the opportunity to create long-term value.  Beginning with our business update. Before I get into the numbers, I would like to recognize that our extraordinary results have only been possible because of the thousands of hardworking Conagra team members on the frontlines across North America. Here at Conagra, we talk about infusing a refuse to lose attitude and never before have we seen our team make such extraordinary efforts. The team's commitment has enabled us to meet the elevated demand from our customers and the communities we serve and deliver the strong results that we are announcing today. I couldn't be more proud of all that they have accomplished. To all of our team members, thank you, great job all around.  During the fourth quarter, we experienced significant growth across our core operating metrics, including 21.5% growth in organic net sales, and a 108.3% growth in adjusted EPS. These results helped contribute to our rapid progress in reducing our leverage, and I'm proud to say that we ended the quarter with a net leverage ratio of 4.0 times, down from 4.8 times in the third quarter.  As you can see on Slide 9, our growth was not confined to one area but was driven by strong retail sales across our portfolio spanning Staples, Frozen, and Snacks. Our strong growth in e-commerce continued to accelerate both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of our overall sales. The work we've done over the past several years to improve our e-commerce capabilities has certainly paid off. As consumers increasingly adopt online grocery shopping, our share of e-commerce sales has steadily increased. Slide 11 highlights that our disciplined approach to innovation is clearly working. Our absolute sales on new innovation introduced this year increased 43% compared to our innovation slate of fiscal 2019. As a reminder, we stated at our initial Investor Day that our goal was to have 15% of total sales coming from products launched within the past three years. Well, today I'm proud to say that we've consistently performed above that level.  In a few minutes, we'll provide you some of the new innovation that we have in store for fiscal 2021 as we seek to build upon this success. As we've discussed previously, Frozen is an increasingly important domain for consumers, especially in today's environment. For the fourth quarter, total Conagra Frozen retail sales grew 26.2% over last year with strong growth across each Frozen category, including single serve meals, vegetables, multi-serve meals, and plant-based meat alternatives. And as Slide 13 shows, as we grew, we also gained share in the important Frozen Meals category during the quarter continuing a trend we've seen for some time now. The Conagra Way playbook continues to pay off.  And while the trends have remained strong, there's even more opportunity particularly in frozen vegetables. Birds Eye faced some unique dynamics in the quarter. As I said earlier, the category remained extremely relevant for consumers. We continue to see robust demand for frozen vegetables and our retail sales up 26.5% during the quarter. Importantly, Birds Eye holds the top position in category share and has 2 times the share of the next branded player. Given the incredible surge in demand we experienced during the fourth quarter and our number one brand position, we hit a ceiling on capacity. Furthermore, we made the decision to temporarily close a plant during the quarter due to COVID-19, which further constrained capacity. The good news is the plant is safely back up and running flat out.  In addition, we've made the strategic decision to bring on more external partners to fulfill demand and rebuild inventory. These investments in our supply chain will allow us to efficiently meet the elevated demand we're seeing today and expect to see going forward. This is an important example of that investment, and I will expand on this in a few minutes. Turning to Snacks, recall that our Snacks business over indexes to convenience stores, which saw softer traffic due to COVID-19 during our Q4. Also, the Seeds category was impacted by the postponement, and in many areas of the country, cancellation of baseball and softball season. Baseball and Seeds go hand-in-hand and the lots of these opportunities had a negative impact on the category. Even despite these discrete headwinds, the Snacks business delivered a terrific 20.1% year-over-year growth and a 26.4% growth on a two year basis. And on Slide 16, you can see our performance in Staples, a category that is more relevant than ever before. Our total Staples business grew an incredible 46.3% for the quarter. The six brands to the right are our largest Staples brands, accounting for over 50% of our Staples sales at retail pre-COVID and each experienced considerable growth in the quarter. These businesses are proving to be a distinct benefit to our portfolio. But while we're pleased with our results for the quarter and the year, we are particularly excited about what the quarter has taught us about the opportunity that lies ahead as consumers have shifted their behaviors and eating habits.  Slide 18 shows some of the key ways in which we're seeing consumers behavior shift in response to COVID-19. Many consumers are rediscovering the enjoyment associated with at-home eating, whether it's making fun baked goods, cooking with the family or enjoying a movie night with some snacks. Numerous consumers are also discovering new things about food during this time. Many are learning how to truly cook for the first time or discovering they can recreate restaurant favorites at home. We believe that many of these activities have staying power and are likely to persist even after a post-COVID world in whatever new normal we settle into. We also believe our broad and refresh portfolio of innovative products is best suited to meet consumers needs as they engage in these food behaviors.  And Slide 19 shows the strong growth during the quarter across our iconic brands, demonstrating how well suited our portfolio is to meet these behaviors. Our ability to meet the changing consumer needs is balanced across our three domains. Slide 20 shows how household penetration grew during the quarter in Staples, Snacks and Frozen. And as we've been able to modernize and innovate our iconic brands, we are attracting younger consumers. Slide 21 shows that new consumers to our brands over indexed in the younger millennial and Gen X market segments.  Driving new trial is always a key focus for us. The investments that we've made over the past five years in updating our food with bold, on-trend flavors and modern food attributes were premised on the belief that if we can get people to try our food, they will come back for more, and that is exactly what's happening. Slide 22 shows the continuously improving repeat rates from consumers who tried our foods for the first time in March, when the pandemic really started to accelerate in the U.S. The improved repeat rates are broad-based across many of our iconic brands. Importantly, when we attract new triers to our brands, they are coming back to purchase again more often than they did a year ago. It's worth noting that this trend holds true for the big three pinnacle brands, validating our work over the last 12 months. As Slide 24 shows, we're not just seeing an increase in repeat buyers, but we're seeing an increase in the frequency at which they return. Customers are not just coming back for more, they're coming back time and time again. And looking to the strength of our trial and repeat results on an absolute basis, we are outperforming our peers in terms of new trial. Let's take Frozen as an example. Slide 25 demonstrates how our Banquet, Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's brands are leading frozen single serve peers in new buyer acquisition. And as Slide 26 shows, these new frozen buyers are disproportionately coming from the millennial and Gen X market segments similar to what we see in Total Conagra trends. And like the Total Conagra trends we discussed, not only are we attracting new buyers, but we're seeing higher repeat rates in our Frozen segment than our peers.  Similarly, despite that supply constraints we face that I noted earlier, Birds Eye continued to lead its category in terms of both new consumers and repeat purchases compared to peers during the quarter. All of these trends have important implications for our value creation opportunity as we look ahead. We believe the dynamic environment in which we find ourselves provides a unique window of opportunity to maintain the current momentum, such that we maximize our long-term value creation potential. To make that possible we need to make investments focused on doing everything in our power to ensure the physical availability of our products. Instead of choosing to simply accept the elevated demand as transitory and focus on maximizing near term margins, we have chosen to bolster the long-term earnings potential of our company. We plan to accomplish this through investing in the key areas you see on this slide to include increasing capacity, both internal and external, innovation, inventory, e-commerce and safety.  By investing behind today's elevated trial rates, we will build relationships with new consumers and maximize consumer conversion. The lifetime value of these consumers easily justifies these actions.  Slide 31 shows some highlights of our fiscal 21 innovation slate. Some of these items began launching in Q4, and we will continue to roll out these new products throughout the year. Overall, we are confident that the investments we're making will produce strong ROI. They will also maximize our long-term value creation and ultimately shareholder value.  Turning to our guidance on Slide 32, we know that you would like as much information about our expectations for the year as possible. Given the very dynamic nature of the external environment, forecasting the full year right now is more difficult than normal. As of today, therefore, we're providing Q1 guidance. We hope that when we report Q1 results, we will be in a position to give you a further update on our outlook. While we don't expect the next few months to drive as much change as the past few, we expect to know a lot more by then. Dave is going to go into more depth regarding the guidance. So I'll just hit the highlights here.  During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we expect to deliver organic net sales growth of 10% to 13%, adjusted operating margin of 17% to 17.5%, adjusted EPS of $0.54 to $0.59. As I said earlier, we remain on track to reach our fiscal 2022 targets outlined on this slide, as well as our de-leveraging ratio.  With that, I'll turn it over to Dave. 
David Marberger: Thanks, Sean. And good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the details of the quarter, I want to take a moment to wish you all well. I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe. I'll kick off this portion of the call by pointing out a few highlights for the quarter and the full fiscal year, which are captured on Slide 34. Overall, we're very pleased with our performance for Q4 and the fiscal year. As Sean discussed earlier, in the fourth quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic led to unprecedented demand in our retail businesses, which more than offset the softer food service demand. This increased retail demand, combined with our strong execution, enabled us to exceed the most recent full year fiscal '20 guidance for total company sales, profit and free cash flow metrics. The key takeaways for Q4 and fiscal '20 are: organic net sales increased 21.5% in the fourth quarter and 5.6% for the full year; adjusted operating margin increased almost 400 basis points for the fourth quarter and over 100 basis points for the full year; adjusted EPS more than doubled in the fourth quarter and grew 13% for the full year; and adjusted EBITDA increased 21.6% for the full year to just under $2.3 billion, helping to reduce the leverage ratio to 4.0 times at the end of fiscal '20. Let's start with the net sales bridge on Slide 35. As you can see, our 21.5% organic net sales growth in the fourth quarter was driven by 21% volume growth with price mix contributing half a percentage point. Divestitures were a 310 basis points headwind in the quarter. This headwind will diminish sequentially as we continue to anniversary the divestiture closing dates going forward. Foreign exchange was a 70 basis point headwind in the quarter with the weakening of the Mexican peso, representing about two-thirds of the headwind. This was a bit higher than we were expecting for Q4.  Finally, the 53rd week added 810 basis points to the quarter, which was more of a net sales tailwind than we expected due to the elevated COVID related demand at the end of the quarter, taking total reported net sales growth to plus 25.8% for Q4 versus a year ago.  Turning to Slide 36, you see our sales summary by segment. In the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, we saw strong growth across our three retail focused businesses. Our Grocery & Snack segment reported very strong organic net sales growth of 40.4%. The Grocery business proved to be a significant asset as consumers reengaged with convenient shelf stable products to facilitate and enhance the at-home eating experience.  The Refrigerated & Frozen segment continued to perform very well in the quarter. The segment reported organic net sales growth in each quarter of this fiscal year and has now had positive organic net sales growth in 11 of the last 12 fiscal quarters. This consistency shows that our modernization efforts have been working and are sustainable. The International segments 19.8% organic net sales growth was due to strong growth in Canada and better than expected growth in the Mexican and export businesses due to the pandemic. Foodservice reported an organic net sales decline of 31.5% which was better than expected, as many restaurants continued to serve consumers with curbside pickup, drive-thru or partial capacity.  Slide 37 outlines the progress we've made on our Q4 adjusted operating margin versus the prior year. Throughout the quarter, our gross margin expansion levers such as realized productivity, pricing, mix, and COGS synergies continued to be effective. We also benefited from volume-driven operating leverage in the quarter, approximating 100 basis points. These tailwinds were partially offset by increased COVID related costs, dilution from significant Foodservice operating margin declines and a 170 basis point headwind from inflation, resulting in a net gross margin improvement of approximately 110 basis points.  Given the already increased demand for food at-home, we chose to pull back a bit on A&P in the quarter. That coupled with increased net sales, drove a 100 basis point improvement to operating margin. While adjusted SG&A expense increased 5.7% in Q4 versus a year ago, net sales grew much faster, resulting in a 180 basis point tailwind to operating margin.  Turning to Slide 38, you can see that our adjusted operating profit was $562 million in the quarter, an increase of 63.5%. Adjusted operating margin increased just below 400 basis points to 17.1%. This chart clearly summarizes the outstanding operating margin improvement during Q4 in our Domestic Retail and International segments. This was partially offset by our Foodservice segment, which had significantly lower operating profit due to the 32% organic net sales decline, unfavorable fixed cost to leverage on net sales decline, higher inventory write-offs and higher input costs.  Turning to Slide 39, weve summarized the various drivers of adjusted diluted EPS in Q4 versus a year ago. As you can see, our adjusted EPS increased $0.39 in the quarter, representing growth of over 100% from the same quarter last year. While the increase in EPS is primarily driven by the increase in operating profit associated with the net sales and margin increases, we also had higher income from Ardent Mills, as COVID related demand was a net benefit. We also estimate a $0.05 per share benefit from the 53rd week.  Slide 40 summarizes the excellent progress we've made on our overall synergy capture from the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods in fiscal year '19. We realized $39 million of incremental synergies during the fourth quarter, bringing our total cumulative synergy capture since the close of the Pinnacle acquisition through the end of fiscal '20 to $184 million, exceeding our fiscal '20 goal of $180 million. Importantly, we remain on track to deliver our total synergy target of $305 million by the end of fiscal '22. As a reminder, we have reinvested $20 million from our synergy realizations to-date into longer term business opportunities, such as products and packaging improvements and innovation-related retailer investments.  As I stated on our last earnings call, we expect stronger cash flows in Q4 due to the normal seasonality of our business and the expected increase in retail demand from COVID-19. As a result, we updated our free cash flow expectations to be north of $950 million for fiscal '20. Fiscal '20 ended with the company generating approximately $1.47 billion of free cash flow, which was well above those revised expectations. Some of this benefit was timing related. Due to the significant increase in sales, we reduced our days of inventory on hand during the quarter, which positively impacted Q4 free cash flow. We expect to build that inventory back as we progress through fiscal 21, which will be a headwind to free cash flow. It is not yet clear as to the exact timing of the fiscal 21 inventory rebuild. Another timing item in Q4 was from federal tax payment deferrals, pushing payments from Q4 into Q1 of fiscal 21. We estimate the combined impact of these timing items on free cash flow between fiscal 20 and fiscal 21 to approximate $350 million. Turning to Slide 42. From the close of the Pinnacle acquisition in Q2 fiscal 19, through the end of the fourth quarter in fiscal 20, we've reduced net debt by nearly $2 billion. In the fourth quarter, we reduced gross debt by $271 million and net debt by $725 million, improving our leverage ratio to 4.0 times at the end of Q4, down from 4.8 times at the end of Q3. Whats not shown on this slide, but it's important to note is that we improved to the funded status of our pension plans during fiscal 20 by $80 million, with the total under funded status declining to approximately $50 million. For context, the pension plans under funded status were approximately $565 million at the end of fiscal 17, a reduction of over $500 million. This significant improvement was driven by planned pension contributions, lump sum payments to participants and actual returns on plan assets exceeding expectations. In addition to the significant progress we made towards de-leveraging in fiscal 20, we also further strengthened our liquidity position. We obtained a $600 million 3-year senior unsecured term loan, which remains undrawn. This facility provides us with additional flexibility to repay debt maturity through fiscal 21 and positions us to refinance termed fiscal 21 debt majority at attractive rate with prepayable debt. As a reminder, we also have a $1.6 billion undrawn revolving credit facility. Given where we finished fiscal 20 from a net debt perspective and given the continued momentum we expect in Q1 as outlined in our guidance, we are confident in our ability to achieve our targeted net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 3.5 times to 3.6 times by the end of fiscal 21.  And importantly, we continue to remain committed to a solid investment grade credit rating. In addition, we continue to remain open to smart divestitures that can help sculpt top-line performance and generate cash flow to accelerate de-leveraging. While we continue to evaluate portfolio actions, we will not pursue any divestitures that are not value creating for the long-term. As we approach our targeted leverage ratio, we continue to evaluate opportunities to use capital allocation to drive shareholder value. Slide 44 outlines our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 21 and our fiscal year 22 algorithm. We are expecting the elevated retail demand to continue into Q1, although at a lower rate than Q4, leading us to our Q1 organic net sales expectation of plus 10% to plus 13%. We continue to expect the favorable operating leverage from the elevated volumes in Q1 to offset the additional COVID related costs. Therefore, we expect adjusted operating margin to be in the range of 17% to 17.5%. These operating margin increases, put with expected improvement in our below the line items, lead to unexpected EPS range for the first quarter of fiscal 21 of $0.54 to $0.59. As I already mentioned, we remain confident in our ability to hit our leverage ratio target of 3.5 to 3.6 times by the end of fiscal 21.  And lastly, we are today reaffirming our fiscal year 22 algorithm, which is outlined on this slide and in the earnings release.  Thank you, everyone. That concludes my comments. I'll now pass it back to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Before we open up for Q&A, I'd like to say a few words about diversity and inclusion at Conagra. We are deeply saddened by the recent events we've seen unfold across our nation. It's heartbreaking and unacceptable that racism and racial injustices continue to exist around the world. Our goal at Conagra is to work together in a constructive manner where everyone has a voice and has the opportunity to be heard. D&I is not only part of our value system at Conagra, it's a business imperative. We serve a wide cross section of the population and therefore it makes clear sense our organization represents the consumers we serve. D&I has always been a focus for Conagra Brands. But like many others we can and will up our game. We are working with an external diversity and inclusion consultancy to help us identify specific opportunities that will have the most impact. We're also hosting listening sessions with employees throughout the organization. Overall, we are determined to be part of the solution and we look forward to continuing to share reports of our progress along the way.  Thank you. Now let's open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Lazar: I wanted to start off if I could with the company's reaffirmation of its fiscal 22 targets. Specifically, while I understand certainly the rationale for perhaps not yet providing full fiscal year 21 guidance, the fact that you're comfortable reiterating fiscal 22 EPS means at least to me that there should be some good progress in 21 versus 20 to be able to achieve 22 guidance in a reasonable way where I guess not all of the EPS growth needs to come-in in 22 versus 21, if you see what I'm saying. So, any perspective you can add around that, whether I'm thinking about that in the right way even though I understand not providing specific guidance for this fiscal year? 
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. Andrew. Here's how I think about this. Clearly, since nobody can accurately predict what will happen with COVID and the range of outcomes is very wide, calling 21 with any accuracy is virtually impossible. But when you step back and you look at where we landed in 20, if you look at the momentum of the business, the continued elevated demand, the new triers, the very strong repeat, and synergies remaining on track, our view is that it would be hard to argue that we're not on a path to the 22 targets. And the real question for us is just kind of, you think about our prepared remarks today on trial and repeat is whether these dynamics that we're seeing currently offer incremental long-term upside beyond our 22 algorithm. Obviously, we're not going to comment on the longer-term algorithm, but certainly, these are positive markers, and we have elected to invest behind that option for lack of a better phrase.
Andrew Lazar: That's helpful and that's a good segue into my follow up, which is, certainly appreciate all of the data and the metrics on trial, household penetration, repeat rates and the like. And of course, none of us have a crystal ball regarding where consumption and growth rates for many of your key categories ultimately settle out. But in light I guess of the metrics you have discussed, I mean, would it be your expectation that for some of your key categories Conagra should see an elevated rate of growth versus let's say pre-COVID for a more prolonged period of time? The investments that you discussed on the call with respect to incremental capacity and such would seem to support that thought process, but again wanted to hear it from you and get some clarity. 
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think the phrase I used earlier was, we see this as a unique window. Something is happening that is above and beyond what our normal marketing programs would do. COVID has introduced this dynamic where, as you saw on the slides earlier, consumers are legitimately rediscovering certain things in their house whether it's their kitchens, their freezers, being together and they like it. They're also discovering that some of the things that they thought existed actually have changed quite a bit. So, for example, the quality of frozen food. And as you know, we've spent the last five years dramatically transforming our products. So, you put both of those things together, and there is clearly an element of pleasant surprise that consumers have when it comes to cooking at home. And given the tremendous value proposition of cooking at home and that we are in a recessionary environment, it's entirely plausible that these dynamics persist for some time, especially with the news changing hourly on COVID and what's happening with positive cases. And we believe that once people try our products, this data supports that we stand a very good chance they'll come back again and again and again. So, we are investing today in order to maximize long-term value creation potential of this portfolio and really seize any option that there is further upside beyond our current algorithm.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: I think I need to check what was in my smoothie this morning, because on Slide 31, I thought I saw a unicorn llama wearing sunglasses on a box of Act II, that I must be hallucinating. 
Sean Connolly: You did not, llamas are hot. 
Ken Goldman: I didn't know that.
Sean Connolly: As is Act II Ken, you probably may not have known that either. Act II is on fire.
Ken Goldman: I didn't know that until I saw your slide. So, I appreciate that. A couple of questions from me if I can. And Dave, you may have answered this when you talked about not being clear on the timing of the inventory rebuild. But in your first quarter organic sales guidance, is there any benefit baked in there from an inventory load by retailers or is that sort of what you expect consumption to be as well roughly?
David Marberger: Yes. So, Ken, you saw in Q4 we shifted consumption everywhere except Refrigerated & Frozen, that was really driven by Birds Eye. In this environment, it is difficult to predict exactly when retailers are going to build inventories. And so, as we put our Q1 guidance together, clearly it started with the [indiscernible]. We try to make some assumptions on will there be additional shipments to build inventory, particularly in Frozen. But again it's -- in this environment, it's difficult to predict just given the significant demand that's still there. 
Sean Connolly: Just to comment on that, Ken, just more broadly. Retailers are at some point going to rebuild inventories I would imagine in all their categories. And if you think of in the last several years, the focus on on-time and full was the focus we've talked about recently with retailers putting more facings against high velocities, retailers paid out of stocks. So, that is not going to change. And at some point, I would imagine that inventory levels would revert to kind of historical norms. The question of course, is when will that happen? Because, the way that happens is one of two things or both have to happen. Either demand has to slow or capacity has to increase. We've seen demand slow recently, but it's still at very, very high levels. You also heard me talk about how we are making investments to increase capacities but there's an upper control limit to how we can do that.  So, for the foreseeable future, in the near term, we are running flat out and much of what we make and leaves our plant is going straight through to the consumer. When that slows down and the inventory levels build back is one of the wildcards thats virtually impossible to predict.  And while, I've got you, since you raised Act II, I want to link your question on Act II, back to Andrew's question which is, will any of what we're seeing now persist? Interestingly, one of the things that you're seeing now and you're reading about now is movie studios are going to direct release at-home, on-demand. And there's some questions around what's going to happen with movie theaters going forward. As that happens, people will be watching movies as a group at home at a level we probably have not seen before. We're already experiencing this. And the shift in our microwavable popcorn business has been dramatic, reflecting that new behavior. That could very well be a persistent thing, but it may depend in part on what the movie studios ultimately choose to do, but those are the kinds of things that seem to be logically tracking in our favor, but we need to see how long they persist.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you for that. And then for my follow up quickly, we are hearing some rumblings in the trade that maybe retailers are considering getting a little more aggressive on pricing in the back half of calendar '20 just because of the -- obviously the economic environment. And maybe they'll ask some vendors to help out with that. But we're not seeing any hard evidence of this yet. I just wanted to know from your perspective, are you hearing about any increment -- any -- I could say, incremental pressure from your customers on that pricing front? 
Sean Connolly: Not really, Ken, at this point. And I would say it's probably a function of two things. Number one, our portfolio as you know has a very strong value segment to it. Brands like Banquet and other already offer extremely favorable value that is -- and historically have proven very resilient in a recessionary environment. The other piece of it too is that in many of the categories, you can think -- you continue to see out of stocks because the throughput is flat out and demand still exceeds that production availability, and therefore you only exacerbate that problem when you price promote in that type of a category. So I think it will be category specific. I will point out though that in our Q4, we did honor most of our promotional commitments and that's because those were longstanding commitments. We have a principle of not kind of backing out. But going forward, I would expect our average, Ken, prices may move north a little bit near term because we are likely to see less discounting price promotion activity. However, I wouldn't want you to take that as less retailer investment because it's more likely to be a shift in retailer investments really the profile of the retailer spend in the absolute level. So less discounting, more brand building, more new habit creation. To give you a specific example, a good example would be creating loyalty on our Frozen brands with millennials by making click and collect behaviors habitual, by increasing our e-comm spend with retailers. That's a positive constructive alternative in a supply constrained environment to more of a price promotional approach. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. That fiscal 22 guidance, it's obviously closer than it's been before and it's also above consensus and it might be hopefully the first full year without this COVID issue. So related to that, what are the key one or two variables that you'll be watching and thinking about that would make the mid-to-high end of that guidance possible? And I have a follow-up. 
Sean Connolly: Well, I think the way I bring it up earlier is, we have momentum on the business and we are investing to maintain that momentum. And as we maintain that momentum, we have a very good chance of continuing to bring more households into our portfolio and then converting them to multiple time repeat purchasers. That's really the logic flow as to how you get right in the heart of that, that long-term top-line profile 
David Marberger : I would just add to that, just obviously the synergy number that we have, making sure that, that stays on track, we feel good about it, we're on track. We affirmed it again. But making sure we deliver that managing all our other core productivity programs to be able to offset inflation. 
Sean Connolly : That recall was got us a long way there on the bottom line side of the long-term algorithm. That alongside the additional volume and any operating leverage associated with, it's obviously a good thing for our portfolio.
David Palmer: And then just to follow up. The free cash flow conversion of earnings, obviously that relationship of CapEx to D&A, but how do you see that in 22 free cash flow versus that earnings target? 
David Marberger: I mean we had guided to greater than 95%, I think was our guidance. And that again shouldn't change. I did comment that as it relates to fiscal 21, because we finished fiscal 20, with very strong free cash flow and some of that was timing, right? So it was about $350 million of benefit that we received in Q4, due to basically inventory working capital benefits and some timing on tax payments that's going to flip into fiscal 21. So when you look at 20 versus 21, you're going to see a super high conversion in 20 that's going to come out in 21 for the $350 million, but 22 we should be back in balance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC, please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Just two quick questions from me. When you think about the guidance that you provided for the estimated quarter, I am just curious if you could provide some perspective on how you're thinking about the demand? And I asked this only because obviously in recent weeks -- recent days, the case surge is really massive in very populous states, which I reckon would probably reaccelerate some of the at-home food consumption as the reopening slows. So I just want to get perspective on that? And then Sean maybe you could just provide some kind of perspective around innovation timing and how things are shaping up with retail in terms of the next weeks and just kind of how you're thinking about your innovation flow over the next six months or so? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Sure. On the first piece, if you go back to the beginning of this thing, Nik, what happened was we had this massive initial surge, right, with pantry stocking and alike, and that went a long way toward kind of depleting our inventories and really starting to deplete customer inventories. Since then, while we haven't been at the level of that initial surge, demand has been extremely high. So, we've got categories where we've hit the ceiling where we're just flat out, we've got categories where we've made some early progress and starting to kind of catch up. But with another surge, that's just going to put more strain on it. So we are focused. It's interesting that we're typically focused on optimizing demand. And now we're in this environment where we are really heavily focused on optimizing supply because we're really up against it. And that has been the case in the early days of our Q1 look and if you look at the scanner data, its been pretty strong. And that's all previous news of these upticks. So we've got to monitor it. We're doing everything in our power to add additional capacity so that we can protect the upside to the best of our ability, but it is going to be strained near term. And we are investing to make sure that, that happens. Did you have anything else to add on that point, Dave?
David Marberger: Yes. Just briefly, for organic net sales, we do expect strong growth from the domestic retail businesses. So as Sean said, and you see in consumption, just to get a little color on the other segments, International is going to be relatively flat. We had a really strong Q4. We don't expect to see the organic net sales growth in Q1 to that level and then continued declines in Foodservice like we saw in Q4. 
Sean Connolly: Now with respect to innovation, let me before I comment on forward-looking innovation, you can see the whole perspective on Q4, because recall at CAGNY we had talked about how some of our customer base had moved up their shelf resets in Frozen, and I'm sure many of you are curious what happened with that with respect to COVID hitting? Well, you may be surprised to learn that the vast majority of our customers proceeded as planned in Q4 with their earlier Frozen resets. And that's good news. We see our exciting fiscal 21 innovations on the shelf and they look great and we are hustling to try to keep them in stock because they're obviously getting good trial. And also with respect to Q4 innovation in total, which includes the innovations we launched earlier in the year, Q4 innovation was up over 25% versus the prior Q4. And it definitely had some benefit in it versus the prior Q4 shipments of the following year's innovation coming a little bit earlier and that's because of those Frozen shelf resets that we talked about.  But the reality is, despite what you've heard about us do reduction to maximize throughput, and things like that, we have continued to have strong favorable reaction from our retailers on our new innovation. And we continue to feel super strong about the slate we've got out there and expect it to perform well this year. As you've seen in the last few years, every year's innovation has outperformed the prior years for the last several years. And there's no reason to expect this year wouldn't continue albeit we have a few more wildcards that we are dealing with than in previous years
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with DD Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll : I wanted to start off with the Grocery & Snacks and the Frozen & Refrigerated, Slide 9, Sean, you got a nice metrics here. But what I want to get your impression of is the -- you've made a comment repeatedly for years that your expectation is that Frozen is going to be just a critical area of growth in the grocery store. When we just look at these 4Q results, obviously heavily affected by COVID, right, the Staples piece is growing much, much faster than Frozen. There's that initial stock up that's going on in there. What I was hoping you could do is just explain how you thought Frozen would grow relative to that of Staples on a go forward basis. Should Frozen be half as much as Staples as we see almost in this graph or should Frozen on a relative basis begin to be much stronger after we've kind of cleared through that first stock up that occurred in March, April?
Sean Connolly: Well, the Slide 9 that you referred to is actually pretty consistent with what I would expect having been in and around staples products for a lot of my career. Whenever you see any kind of crisis hit, people will load their dry goods pantry, which has a tremendous amount of holding power. And actually you tend to see more of a pantry load dynamic there, because of the holding power of the pantry relative to the holding power of a freezer. Most freezers are actually incredibly limited in space and that's one of the governors that you see on Frozen. Interestingly, one of the things we didn't put in the deck is the sales rate of standalone Frozen freezers, if you had gone to a Home Depot or a Best Buy in the last few months in search of a freezer, you would not have been able to find one. So clearly consumers are recognizing there's a limit to what they can fit in their freezer. I know in my household, we were frustrated, because we get to the -- you go to the store on a day of shipments came in, you want to buy stuff, but you had nowhere to put it because your freezer was full. So that's the governor you have there versus staples. That said while I might expect the two to converge, more going forward. Staples, what you see in the staples space is a super value proposition. So Chef Boyardee -- and this may be more of a function of what does the consumers household balance sheet look like going forward? How long does the recessionary environment persist? Items like Chef are a tremendous value proposition and that kind of environment should continue to perform well.  Furthermore, if people are learning to cook again and cooking from scratch, a lot of the staples products we have like PAM cooking spray or our beans business or our tomato business ought to remain elevated. And these are the kinds of things you can use in multiple recipes throughout the week that are different recipes as opposed using the same thing again and again.  So I'm not going to try to forecast how these will perform relative to one another. The key point we wanted to make today is that all three of our consumer domains have been elevated and are enjoying this notion of rediscovery and discovery that I talked about. 
David Driscoll: That's helpful. Dave, I just wanted to follow up on SG&A. In the fourth quarter as a percent of sales, if the SG&A was down significantly versus kind of what the churn rate that we had seen in the prior few quarters, what do you expect on a go forward basis? Can you get that SG&A as a percent of sales to continue to be reduced for the next bunch of quarters? Any color there? I mean I know you're not giving exclusive guidance but just any color on how you're thinking about SG&A as a percent of sales? Very helpful.
David Marberger: Sure, Dave. So at a high level, obviously a lot of the synergy that we're getting from Pinnacle is SG&A. In fact, more than half of the synergy to-date has been from SG&A. More will come in cost of goods sold moving forward. So that is starting to work its way in quarter by quarter into our actual results.  So as I look to Q1, because we gave specific margin guidance in Q1, a big part of the operating margin improvement versus the prior year is actually because of the leverage on SG&A. So the 17% to 17.5%, a good amount of that improvement is the SG&A leverage. Gross margin, there is a lot of puts and takes with all the different costs, so there would be more moderate improvement there, but it's mostly SG&A.  So we start seeing that leverage in a bigger way starting in Q1. And you'll continue to see leverage going forward. I'm not going to give you specific numbers but that's the color for Q1 for SG&A. 
David Driscoll: But the leverage does continue even if you don't give exact numbers. You're confident that the leverage continues in the following quarters.
David Marberger: Yes, obviously it depends on sales, right? But yes, we book the SG&A costs out and we're going to continue to see that benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Actually a couple. I think, talking to investors, a lot of the controversy around Conagra does still revolve around this long-term EPS range because it is so much higher than your fiscal '20 results. And I was wondering in August, when your proxy gets published, do you think is that a peak at the three year cycles for fiscal '20 to fiscal '22 and the EPS target that's in there for executive compensation. Because I think that would give people a better sense of how management is being incentivized in relation to the target that you've given us. I think that'll be the first cycle that we'll get to see how executive comp is related to that range. Is that a fair assessment?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Rob, the way I'd respond to that is, big picture, our Board has a very strong pay for performance philosophy. As such, the targets in our incentive programs are anchored in our annual and long-term financial plans and consistent with the guidance that we provide to investors. So with respect to the 2020 proxy, we expect our disclosure to mirror that of past years. We will provide details on the fiscal '20 to '22 program overall, including the growth CAGRs that are in the program. And you'll see that management and shareholder interests are aligned with respect to the 22 numbers.
Robert Moskow: And a quick follow-up. I remember last year there was a lot of inventory deloading in the Frozen section related to the shelf resets. Given what you've said now about the resets being done, are there going to be any kind of inventory reload in first quarter and is that part of your guidance or is your guidance really related to consumption and consumption will reflect shipments? 
Sean Connolly: I think, near term Rob, we're playing catch up. We're trying to keep up with demand, or have continued to come in and inventories have been depleted and it varies obviously by category. So as long as demand remains elevated, it's more of a flow-through to consumption in pantries I think than a rebuilding an inventory. Now that is going to vary by category because you don't see the same level of pull category by category. So you can almost model out categories with kind of more muted pull or probably rebuilding inventories categories were pull remains extremely strong. We're probably continuing to run flat out and scanning a lot of what we're producing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning, everyone. So just two quick ones and I might've missed it, but Dave on capital spending for fiscal 21, given I guess what some of the commentary that's been made about investments, even if you can't give a pinpoint number directionally, would it be close to what it's been historically? Or is it going to be higher than normal this year?
David Marberger: Bryan, I did not mention it specifically, but as we look to fiscal 21 based on the investments that Sean outlined, particularly investments to shore up capacity and supply, we will be increasing our CapEx. Right now our estimate is that we'd be about a $100 million above where we landed fiscal 20 in terms of CapEx.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks. And then maybe Sean, as a follow-up to Rob Moskow's question about incentive comp, just can -- have you made any adjustments in with maybe frontline employees or just organizationally to focus more on being in stock, keeping up with demand I think as you phrased it before versus having to previously really trying to stimulate demand. So I am just trying to understand, if you've had to kind of change the incentive mix a little bit to just ensure that you're going to be -- get the CapEx projects happening on time and really improving service levels? 
Sean Connolly: Well, our short-term -- for our salary employees our short-term incentives is really a function of sales, profit, and cash flow. And employees are incentivized very clearly to maximize those. In the last quarter the real focus area for us has been in our facilities. It's been in ensuring the health and safety of our employees because we've got to keep our plants running and then also honoring those employees for being such heroes during this intense COVID period on the frontlines. And we have made investments behind our frontline employees to honor them accordingly. So that's really what's been in place. And as I mentioned earlier, I couldn't be more pleased with just this incredible refuse to lose attitude that we've seen, especially on the frontline.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great, thank you. So as a reminder this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow up discussions anyone may want. So thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-03-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Conagra Brands third quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney from Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Ill remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during todays call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making references to total Conagra brands as well as the legacy Conagra brands. References to legacy Conagra brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the acquired Pinnacle Foods business.  With that, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks Brian. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. On behalf of Conagra Brands, I want to start by expressing my heartfelt hope that you and your families are staying safe during this unprecedented time.  Today Im going to address two main topics: our response to covid-19 and its impact on our business, as well as the underlying trends that we saw in the third quarter which ended just before the impact of covid-19 started. Rest assured that were taking all necessary precautions to protect the health and safety of our employees and our ability to safely and reliably meet consumers needs.  For the most recent status of our efforts to respond to covid-19, please visit conagrabrands.com. Well continue to provide updated information on our site as the situation evolves. As Ill describe in more detail in a moment, weve taken a number of steps to ensure our supply chain continues to operate well. Were incredibly proud of our teams who have been producing and delivering without disruption. While we all remain focused on executing through this rapidly evolving situation, I dont want to lose sight of the fact that weve made significant progress against the operational objectives we established for fiscal 2020. In many ways, our progress against these objectives is enhancing our ability to navigate this crisis. Recall at the outset of fiscal 2020, we set out to execute on integration, synergy capture and deleveraging, drive strong consumption growth in frozen and snacks, improve trends in Hunts tomatoes and Chef Boyardee, bend the trend in the legacy Pinnacle business, and drive innovation and growth in Gardein. Im proud to say that through the third quarter, we remain squarely on track with all of these objectives.  From a financial standpoint, the third quarter results are in line with the expectations we provided at CAGNY. As we previously described, industry softness which started in December in food service and pivoted to retail in January put pressure on consumption trends in several of our key categories which more than offset share gains. As expected, consumption trends recovered in February prior to covid-19 impact. Its important to keep in mind that our third quarter ended on February 23. At that time, there were very few reported cases in the U.S. and, notably, no widespread change in behavior. As we all know, that has changed significantly in recent weeks. From the second week of our fiscal fourth quarter to date, weve experienced the unprecedented impact of covid-19 as consumers have stocked up on food and shifted rapidly to eating more at home. Given the quality of our brands and the categories we participate in, Conagra is well positioned to serve consumers during this time of disruption and extraordinary demand. Our team is hard at work in close coordination with our customers to ensure that consumers have access to the food they need to stay safe at home. At this point, the magnitude and duration of the covid-19 impact is still uncertain. However, I can tell you that we expect to exceed our prior full year guidance for total company sales and profit metrics assuming the end-to-end supply chain continues to operate effectively.  We will provide more detail on the impact of covid-19 in a moment, but first we would like to walk you through the highlights of the third quarter. During the third quarter, our performance was in line with the updated expectations that we provided at CAGNY. Organic net sales growth decreased 1.7% while our adjusted operating margin was 15.7% and our adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.47 for the quarter. As we noted at CAGNY, we saw category softness in January that was greater than anticipated. At the time, we told you that our more recent data was improving and we expected to bounce back, and thats exactly what happened. As you can see on Slide 7, total Conagra retail sales returned to growth in the final four weeks of February and sustained a normal rate into the first week of Q4. Clearly even before the current disruption due to covid-19, we were well on track and had already seen the expected rebound in consumption trends.  Not only did we see growth of 0.9% in the four weeks ended February 23 but what we saw in the week ended March 1, which is in our fiscal fourth quarter, reaffirmed this return to consumption growth, and during the quarter we continued to deliver on integration, synergies, and deleveraging.  On integration, we have been converting legacy Pinnacle plants over to SAP and through Q3, this multi-year process has been progressing on plan. We captured $33 million in incremental synergies, increasing our total through the end of Q3 to $145 million, and we made further progress on reducing our net debt position by paying down $450 million of debt during the quarter.  Slide 9 demonstrates our continued success in the important frozen category. As both graphics demonstrate, we maintained strong growth during the quarter across our frozen portfolio, both for total Conagra brands and legacy Conagra brands. As we will discuss later in the presentation, total Conagras frozen growth has been driven by both legacy Conagra and legacy Pinnacle.  Slide 10 shows the outsized performance of Conagras frozen meals within the category. Not only did we have yet another quarter of gaining share of shelf and share of sales, but we also did so at an accelerated rate. Our snacks segment reported solid growth in the third quarter. Total snacks were up 2.9% during the quarter and 8.7% on a two-year basis. Our results were led by our meat snacks and seeds businesses, which delivered growth of 8.4% and 5.9% respectively. As Slide 12 shows, we continued to gain share in many of our snack categories in Q3. Another key objective for fiscal 2020 was to improve trends in Hunts tomatoes and Chef Boyardee. As you can see on Slide 13, thats just what weve done. Over the five-week period ended February 23, Hunts tomatoes and Chef Boyardee gained 2.2% and 4.5% in dollar sales growth respectively, and both brands also grew share of retail sales over that same period as outlined on Slide 14. Its worth noting that these trends for Hunts tomatoes and Chef Boyardee continued into the first week of our fiscal fourth quarter, prior to the impact of covid-19. Slide 15 shows a milestone for Conagra as we bent the trend on legacy Pinnacle on both a one-year and a two-year basis. Recall that in December 2018, we outlined a number of actions that were needed to get Pinnacle back on track. We also indicated that we did not expect to see the impact of those actions until the second half of fiscal 2020, which as you can see here is exactly what has occurred.  Slide 16 shows how weve been able to bend the trend in the big three legacy Pinnacle brands by implementing the Conagra Way playbook. We started with Wishbone, where the missteps came from several execution issues, including a label change which we quickly addressed to stabilize the brand. As a result, we saw an immediate spike in retail sales before returning to more normal levels. Birds Eye, which is our biggest brand, took a little longer as the playbook required us to remove lower performing SKUs which negatively impacted sales and distribution. Notably, Birds Eye is now contributing to our growth as the innovation we launched in the first half of fiscal 2020 builds momentum, with more innovation to come. With respect to Duncan Hines, weve made great progress on reframing the brand as a sweet treat but recognize that theres more work to be done. Were focused on introducing more on-trend innovation as we trim lower performing SKUs. While it will take time to return this brand to growth, were confident in the ongoing implementation of the Conagra Way playbook. Another legacy Pinnacle brand that has benefited from the Conagra Way is Gardein, which is accelerating at very strong rates. As a reminder, we have made significant investments to expand Gardeins manufacturing capacity which came online earlier this fiscal year. As the slide shows, the brands growth is attributed to more than just meatless burgers and includes meatless options for chicken, seafood and sausages, to name a few.  As you can see, its clear that we remained on track with all our fiscal 2020 operational objectives through the third quarter. Now lets turn to the current quarter and the balance of the year. Typically we would be spending our time on this call reaffirming our guidance and discussing the shortlist of initiatives underway to close out the year, but this year is unprecedented and the impact of covid-19 will be significant. Let me start by saying that our top priorities right now are the health and safety of our employees as well as our ability to safely and responsibly meet customer and consumer needs.  With respect to our results, the magnitude of the impact is difficult to predict. What we know to date is the Q4 retail demand surge is significant and spans multiple retail channels, including ecommerce. While our food service segment is facing headwinds, that impact is more than offset by increased demand in our retail segments. Given the depth and breadth of our portfolio, we are well positioned to meet this increased demand for at-home consumption. Having all these brands and capabilities under one roof is enabling us to meet a wide array of customer and consumer demands. Importantly, weve been able to address this retail demand surge because of a strong business continuity plan that we were able to activate as soon as the market disruption began. Im very proud of the extraordinary efforts across our company and the way our teams have supported each other and our business, all in the pursuit of ensuring that consumers are able to access food during this time. We have decided to temporarily delay some legacy Pinnacle plants SAP implementation to prioritize supplying customers with the food they require now, but our integration plans are otherwise on track. We will continue to consider and prioritize our business needs as the covid-19 situation unfolds. Id like to take a minute to talk a bit more about the Conagra team and in particular to highlight the exceptional work of our supply chain team. While demand has sharply increased, our order fulfillment rate so far in Q4 has remained above 90%. This is a testament to the systems we have in place and the commitment of our people. This has been remarkable to see, and Id like to thank our Chief Supply Chain Officer, Dave Biegger and the entire supply chain team for their incredible efforts. Our supplies of ingredients and packaging remain sufficient and weve experienced minimal disruption so far in the quarter. All of our North America manufacturing facilities are open and running at high levels of utilization, and our distribution network remains fully operational. Our plants and locations have the resources and critical equipment they need to operate in full compliance with current regulations and CDC guidance. Im proud of the remarkable level of collaboration among our sales, customer order management, and supply chain teams. That collaboration, along with the work were doing with customers, is enabling us to ensure we are able to supply consumers with the food they need. Great job all around. Although providing specific Q4 guidance is not possible due to the uncertainty of the situation, we do want to give you a sense of our experience so far. The chart on Slide 20 shows what weve seen in the market to date. You can see that there has been a material increase in demand the past few weeks. While some categories are benefiting more than others, all categories and all temperature states are seeing increases.  In addition to a significant uptick in sales, our execution has enabled Conagra to outperform and gain share in the categories in which we compete. The data were showing in the chart is only measured channel data. Its important to note that demand has surged broadly across retail channels, including ecommerce as well as for pick-up and delivery, most of which are not reflected in this data. Similar to our measured channel retail business, our ecommerce business is also up in sales, outpacing the competition and gaining share. Overall, we made good progress during the third quarter of the year. Our quarterly results were in line with our updated expectation and we remained on track with all of our fiscal 2020 operational objectives. Going forward, our teams are prioritizing health and safety, adapting well and operating effectively to ensure consumers are able to access the food they need, and while this is clearly an unprecedented time, we will not lose focus on executing the Conagra Way playbook. Our brand building and innovation processes remain critical pieces to our long-term success. Were updating our full year guidance today to note that we now expect to exceed our prior full year guidance for total company sales and profit metrics. Beyond fiscal 2020, its important to note that we are also working with customers as they reevaluate the timing of promotions and shelf resets as they look to minimize in-store disruption during this time of surging demand. Finally, while the situation is still evolving, we believe the sharp increase in at-home eating occasions is generating trial among new consumers that we did not anticipate accessing. We view this dynamic as a long-term opportunity for our portfolio overall and in particular our leading frozen business. With that, Ill turn it over to Dave.
David Marberger: Thanks Sean, and good morning everyone. I hope you and your families are all staying healthy and safe.  Before I get into the details, I want to remind you that Q3 has been the first full quarter following the anniversary of the Pinnacle acquisition. As a result, Pinnacles full quarterly results are now reflected in our organic figures. Ill start my remarks this morning by calling out a few highlights from our performance for the quarter, which are outlined on Slide 23.  As Sean discussed, our Q3 performance was consistent with the expectations we provided at CAGNY. This included broad-based category softness early in the quarter and a return to consumption growth in February prior to the covid-19 related surge in demand. Ill unpack these results further in the slides to come, but overall for the third quarter, reported net sales were down 5.6% versus the same period a year ago with organic net sales down 1.7%. The organic net sales decline was in line with the updated expectations that we provided in February. Adjusted gross profit decreased 10.5% and adjusted operating profit declined 8.9%. We continued to operate efficiently from an SG&A perspective, capturing strong synergies.  Adjusted EBITDA, which includes equity method investment earnings and pension and post-retirement non-service income, decreased 7.1% in the quarter, and adjusted diluted EPS decreased 7.8% to $0.47 for the quarter. Again, this was in line with our updated expectations. Lets jump into net sales a bit more. Slide 24 depicts the 5.6% change versus the same period a year ago. As you can see, the broad-based category softness that we discussed at CAGNY drove our volume down 1.3%. Also, our price mix was unfavorable 40 basis points as we continued to support many of our brands with incremental promotions.  As I mentioned on prior quarterly calls, we expect that our year-over-year change in retailer investments to be much smaller and less material in the second half of fiscal 20 and beyond, now that this type of spending is in our base. As a result, we will no longer be breaking out that bridging item and will return to our historical approach of showing just the impact of price mix overall. Moving to Slide 25, you can find our sales summary by segment. In the quarter, organic net sales for the grocery and snack segment decreased 3.6%. The snacks business continued to perform well; however, this segment was negatively affected by weather with a warmer than normal winter this year stacked against an abnormally cold prior year. On a reported sales basis, divestiture activities subtracted 5.9%.  Organic net sales for refrigerated and frozen increased 0.3% as the frozen business continued to perform well behind the recent innovation launches. Importantly as Sean mentioned, we saw frozen meals continue to gain share at an accelerated rate in the quarter. The strength in the frozen business continued to be somewhat masked by declines in the refrigerated business. Turning to our international segment, quarterly net sales and organic net sales for this segment decreased 3.2% and 1.9% respectively. Throughout the quarter, the segment continued to benefit from the growth in the Canadian snacks business and frozen businesses. Recall that earlier this year, we said that the business in India had a transitory headwind that would rebound in the second half, and that is what we saw in Q3. These benefits were more than offset by economic challenges, primarily in Mexico, and certain planned value over volume actions.  Net sales for the food service segment decreased 8% in Q3 while organic net sales decreased 2.2% as divestitures subtracted 5.8%. The organic net sales decrease was driven by volume declines of 4.6% as a result of soft industry traffic trends early in the quarter that were partially offset by a 2.4% improvement in price mix. Turning to Slide 26, you can see the adjusted operating bridge for the quarter versus the prior year. As I mentioned on our second quarter call, input cost inflation did start to increase in Q3. In the quarter, inflation was just over 3% which translated into a 240 basis point headwind to margin. Importantly, however, our gross margin expansion levers, such as realized productivity, pricing, mix and synergies, continued to be effective in Q3. The increased promotional support in the quarter partially offset these benefits, resulting in a 90 basis point improvement in gross margin. A&P had only a modest impact on margin in the quarter, while reduced SG&A spend benefited our operating margin by 100 basis points during the quarter.  Slide 27 highlights the significant progress that weve made to date on our overall synergy capture from the Pinnacle acquisition. In Q3, we realized $33 million of incremental synergies, bringing our total synergy capture through the end of Q3 to $145 million. We remain on track to achieve approximately $180 million of synergies by the end of fiscal 20, with $20 million being reinvested into longer term business opportunities. We also remain on track to deliver our total synergy target of $305 million, again with $20 million of that being reinvested into longer term business opportunities.  Turning to Slide 28, you will see an outline of our adjusted operating profit and operating margin for the third quarter. Our adjusted operating profit decreased 8.9% in Q3 and our adjusted operating margin came in at 15.7%. Across our segments, realized productivity and cost synergies benefited our operating profit in the quarter. These benefits were more than offset by the impacts of higher input costs, lower organic net sales, inventory write-offs, and lost profit from divested businesses. Slide 29 outlines the various drivers of our Q3 adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations. In Q3, our adjusted diluted EPS of $0.47 decreased by $0.04 compared to the same period a year ago. The decrease in adjusted operating profit and higher tax rate during the quarter more than offset the benefit from improved pension income and interest. Slide 30 summarizes Conagras net debt and cash flow information. Im sure that our perspective on the balance sheet and liquidity are top of mind in these uncertain times. Ill start by reminding you that we have made significant progress towards our deleveraging and free cash flow targets in recent quarters. Since the closing of the Pinnacle acquisition through the end of Q3, we have reduced total gross debt by over $1.5 billion, improving our balance sheet and the overall health of our business.  With respect to Q3, we reduced debt by $450 million while our net debt balance at quarter end was $9.9 billion and the net debt leverage ratio was 4.8 times. At the end of the third quarter, our average debt maturity was approximately 8.8 years, our weighted average coupon was approximately 4.7%, and approximately 92% of our total debt was fixed. Free cash flow year to date is $641 million, marking an improvement of over $100 million against the same period last year. We remain on schedule with our deleveraging targets and are confident we will achieve our fiscal 21 leverage target of 3.6 to 3.5 times.  Overall, we remain confident in the strength of our balance sheet, and we have many options for maintaining liquidity. First, we ended the quarter with $99 million of cash on hand. We expect stronger cash flows in Q4 due to the normal seasonality of our business and because of the increased retail demand were experiencing in light of covid-19.  Our capital allocation priorities remain constant. We are committed to maintaining our dividend, deleveraging, and maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rating. Along these lines, we anticipate deleveraging further in Q4 of fiscal 20. In addition to cash flow from operations, we also have a $1.6 billion fully undrawn revolving credit facility. During certain months of the year, we issue commercial paper against this revolver to fund working capital needs. We did not need to access the commercial paper markets during Q3 and we dont anticipate needing access during the rest of Q4. Given our strong cash flow and borrowing capacity, we have many options available to fund upcoming debt maturities in August and October. At CAGNY last month, we discussed that we continued to explore smart divestitures that can help sculpt top line performance and generate cash flow to support deleveraging. By smart, we mean ensuring that any potential divestiture will deliver a valuation that exceeds our intrinsic value. In this environment, our brands are growing and playing an important role for consumers, and they are generating sales and cash flow in excess of historic levels. While we continue to evaluate portfolio actions, we do not feel pressure to pursue any divestitures that are not value creating. Now recognizing that our new guidance isnt specific, I want to give you some color on what we do know and what we dont know at this point. What we do know is that our retail businesses have seen accelerating shipments. In our domestic retail business, which is about 80% of total company sales, total fourth quarter to date shipments have increased approximately 50% versus last year, similar to the most recent consumption data. Internationally, the impact has been a bit mixed with the Canada retail business seeing increased demand but some softness in global exports. All told, quarter to go retail shipments are difficult to predict given the wide range of possible outcomes. Just as the retail businesses are seeing a surge in demand, our food service business, which is about 10% of total company sales, is beginning to experience the negative impact of the covid-19 situation. So far in Q4, food service shipment declines have accelerated and trends imply a Q4 organic net sales decline that could be in the range of down 50% to 60% versus last year. Turning to profit, as you would expect, we believe that the significant demand surge in the retail businesses, which are the vast majority of our sales, will positively benefit profit versus our prior guidance. We also expect that the mix of sales and operating leverage of the increased volume will benefit gross margins. Just how much is too speculative to forecast at this time as we are also increasing investment where needed to ensure we support the surge in demand. We are incredibly proud of the investment we are making in the supply chain to meet demand. Not only are we investing at needed to meet customer orders, but we are providing direct financial support and recognition to our people and communities.  Id now like to turn to our fiscal 20 guidance on Slide 33. It was just a bit over a month ago that we shared our updated fiscal 20 guidance and, as we told you at CAGNY, we were already seeing improving trends in our categories, giving us confidence in our ability to deliver those updated results. However, as a result of what I just discussed about Q4 to date, we are now unable to forecast Q4 with specificity but we can say that we expect to exceed the full year guidance on all sales, profit and cash flow metrics. Although this situation remains highly dynamic, we now see upside to the guidance we provided due to the quarter-to-date surge in consumer demand and the related sales and profit impacts. What we dont know is how long the impacts of this pandemic will last, nor do we know exactly how consumers will continue to adapt to the situation in the immediate term or in the longer term as we move into fiscal 21.  As Sean mentioned earlier, our portfolio is well positioned to meet this increased consumer demand and our team is focused on working with customers to make sure that orders and shipments remain uninterrupted during this time of need. As long as our strong execution continues and there are no other material disruptions to our ability to provide products safely to our customers, we expect to exceed our fiscal 20 guidance across all sales, profit, and cash flow metrics. Thanks for listening everyone. That concludes my remarks. Sean and I are happy to take questions. Tom McGough and Darren Serrao are not joining us today as we wanted to minimize the number of speakers, since we are managing this Q&A from different locations this morning. Ill now pass it back to the Operator.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Ive got two questions, if I could. First, Sean, I wanted to dig in just a little bit on your comment around the potential maybe over a longer period of time for some stickiness, maybe, in light of the very significant, unanticipated trial that you and a lot of your peers are getting in relation to the current crisis. Is there any data, maybe, that can add a little context around this? I know its early, but maybe from some of your panel data that you track around some of the increases in either household penetration that youve seen, with some of the quality enhancements youve done particularly in the frozen space, maybe what some of the repeat rates look like or the ability to gain some of the new trialers that might not have, lets say, tried this product in the last several years or so? Any perspectives there would be really helpful, and then Ive just got a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Okay, sure Andrew. Let me tackle that. The concept youre raising is that because weve got this crisis situation and people are eating much more at home and not away from home, products like ours are getting levels of trial that were not anticipated and that could turn into consistent users over time as that trial converts to repeat.  I would tell you that makes sense to me, both intuitively and in terms of the very early data were beginning to see. There has been a massive amount of transformation in our categories in the last five years, frozen in particular. It doesnt even closely resemble the category that it used to be. The quality of the food is in a completely different place and weve seen consumers so far who have tried that new food respond extremely favorably to it, and large established brands that had long been forgotten are growing strongly again. Now because of this crisis situation, people are at home. As you know, everybody can see it, theyre stocking up and theyre stocking up with foods of all kinds, across all temperature states including categories like frozen, so just logically we know we are getting higher levels of trial here during this phenomenon. In terms of data that backs it up, quite frankly its just too early to point to a lot of data points. The one place I can tell you that we do look, that tends to be a leading indicator, is ecommerce. In the world of ecommerce, what we are seeing is that we are reaching a large number of new triers that we had not reached previously.  Now, as you think about how that might convert to repeat, you all are probably accustomed to looking at national average repeat rates. Repeat rates will vary depending upon the user, so early adopters, super heavy users will have higher repeat than light users. When you get new triers like this, you tend to be getting lighter users, so it may not be the kind of repeat rates we get from super heavy users, but the point of all of this is it should help categories like frozen, it should help some of our other categories that people may have forgotten about, but its just too early to quantify the impact of that. I would also tell you that we do expect as this thing gets behind us that well see a return to people eating out. Americans love their restaurants, they love to eat out, and obviously the food service space is hurting badly right now, and so were rooting for that side of the business to bounce back as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much for that. Just a quick follow-up. On the margin and profitability side, I just want to make sure I heard it right, it sounds like youve got a number of puts and takes. On the positive side, of course, all of the increased volume leverage thats coming through from running at very high levels of utilization and whatnot, maybe some of the--if theres a reduction in assortment and focusing on the longest run length SKUs to maximize output and things like that, I would think would be on the positive side of the ledger. On the other hand, there are some increased costs, as youve talked about, whether it be for employee benefits and things like that, and just the simple inefficiencies of maybe running at, you know, whatever - 100% utilization and such. It sounded like you may not know the exact magnitude in the way it all comes together, but that the balance of those things, at least of what youre seeing so far, are more to the positive than the negative. I just want to make sure I heard that right. Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Dave, you want to take that one?
David Marberger: Yes, I will. Thank you Andrew. You summarized it very well. I think right now, obviously with the volume were seeing in our domestic retail business, you do get benefits there from operating leverage, but fixed costs are fixed over relevant ranges, were always taught, and the significant volumes resulting in incremental costs that were incurring in the form of overtime, higher spot freight rates, expediting certain supplies, and then additional costs. When you net it all together and you factor in the significant declines in food service as well, we do expect an increase in gross margin year-on-year for the quarter but we didnt want to give specificity around that.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much, and stay well.
Sean Connolly: You too.
David Marberger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you for the questions. Two for me, if I can. One, I didnt hear you mention this but Ive been jumping around a little bit - forgive me. Can you talk a little bit about the shelf resets that were happening in May, what your current expectations are for those and how they might affect you?  The second one is in terms of your promotional strategy, can you walk us through a little bit tactically how you can change some things, whether you want to pull back a little bit? Its been such a big part of how youve driven some growth recently. Im just curious how you think about that in this kind of environment. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Sure Ken. Let me try to tackle that. Dave, if I miss anything, by all means chime in. The priority right now is producing the maximum amount of food that we can possibly produce, and we are running our plants seven days, as you might imagine, to do that. We have pared back on some of our SKUs so that we can continue to serve the highest velocity SKUs. Keeping food in stock so that we can feed America is our top priority right now, as it is the priority of our retailers.  That has caused us to reprioritize in terms of SKUs, and in the case of the innovation resets, I would tell you the word that comes to mind for me is fluid. We are hearing different things from different customers. Many customers, most customers are just trying to keep products on the shelf right now. Some customers, big ones have said to us that they want to continue with the shelf set timing; others had said were going to push that back a bit, just so we can ensure that we dont have any complexity and anything going on at the store shelves thats going to be a distraction from keeping products in stock. We are trying to respond to all of our customers requests so we can do whatever they want. In terms of our philosophy on innovation overall, it hasnt changed. It is a central part of the Conagra Way that were going to keep building our innovation pipeline so its industry leading, and were very confident weve got that and were, as you know from CAGNY, incredibly excited about the innovation slate that lies ahead. How it flows into the marketplace now will probably be a little bit more customer by customer than all in a tighter window as we previously expected, but I think it will be good news overall because well have the benefit of that innovation and the pipeline fill helping us next year. With respect to promotional activity, as you know, weve cut more promotions in the last five years than just about any company in food, as we pursue value over volume. We have gotten more aggressive in the last year, where weve seen competition act irrationally and we needed to defend our market share, but that has not been in a broad-based way.  What Id tell you on promotions right now is were honoring all the contracts we have in place, but the tactical dynamic is that were in daily discussions with our customers on how to help them meet the needs of their shoppers, and many customers are looking to pull back on promotions as they try to manage the basics of just keeping their shelves stocked. Running promotions can exacerbate out of stocks, which is clearly not their goal right now, so were seeing some cutback on that and that will just be more of a timing issue than anything else.  Anything I missed there, Ken?
Ken Goldman: No. I know you used the word fluid to describe the situation. I think thats the understatement of the day, but thank you for that color, Sean.
Sean Connolly: Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. 
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a follow-up on that. Where the retailers are not doing new shelf resets, what happens exactly? Are you just keeping some of the more standard items going that are really solutions, like the frozen vegetables, and holding off on the Gardein Healthy Choice power bowls that might have been coming, and thats more of a back-to-school item? Then I have a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Well David, its customer by customer, so some customers at this point are articulating that they will move ahead as planned. Well see if that happens. Nobody really knows what tomorrow looks like or next week looks like, and right now everybody is literally trying to get as many items of all the foods they sell in stock. But if what theyre saying plays out, I think youre going to see some customers take it sooner, some customers take it later, and its not as if those who take it later would be in a deficit position if this pandemic does not abate anytime soon, because as were seeing right up until today, the consumer pull remains extremely strong across the board.
David Palmer: Then if there are any changes that youre making in terms of your marketing spending or any sort of reinvestment from this period or that youre planning in the next couple months, what are those changes? Thanks for those comments on service levels, that 90%. How differentiated is that in some of your key categories; in other words, are key competitors keeping up with you on that? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: In reverse order, I dont really want to comment too much on our competitors other than to say that Im just incredibly proud of the food industry in general. Ive spoken to my colleagues - everybody is rising to the occasion here to do the thing which matters most, which is keep our consumers fed and keep our employees healthy, so I would say everybody is operating at the top of their game right now. I think were certainly fully competitive in that regard. With respect--David, hit me with the other part of your question?
David Palmer: The other part was just simply what changes are you making in terms of your marketing, given that youre obviously in a new world in terms of demand.
Sean Connolly: Yes, not a lot other than some of the in-store activities that we would plan in support of new items hitting the shelf, so you get a new product on shelf, you want to sample it, you want to do some promotion. Well sync that up to whats going on at that particular customer. As everybody knows, weve been putting more emphasis on retailer level investments, so those are very turnkey. If a product will go into market later, well turn that later. Our base A&P programming remains highly digital and it also remains extremely easy to curate. As you might imagine, with people eating at home now at a level they havent done in a long, long time, if ever, we are trying to provide them with cooking ideas and recipes and things that will help them understand how to use our products at home in a way that their family finds not only healthy but delicious as well. Digital and social is a perfect place to do that. Its kind of a utility for our consumers.
David Palmer: Thank you again.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Good morning everybody. Dave, just wanted to touch base on the balance sheet and the debt pay down that you guys have had to date - impressive so far, but wanted to understand a little bit how to think about free cash flow generation as we look forward to address both maturity schedule and liquidity. I think through nine months, your slide says youve paid down $641 million of debt, but guidance is greater than $950 million, so you should be doing $300 million to $400 million of free cash in the fourth quarter, ex-divestitures. Can you just help us think through what we should be thinking about to understand the maturity schedule and kind of a numerator and denominator effect of how you get to that 3.5 to 3.6 leverage? Thank you.
David Marberger: Sure. As weve consistently said, Steve, our financial policy has been consistent, that we remain committed to solid investment-grade credit rating. Since weve closed on Pinnacle, weve paid down over $1.5 billion in gross debt. For Q4, we expect to be cash positive at a higher level than we previously anticipated, and that additional cash flow were going to use to pay down debt, so we dont expect--were going to be net cash flow positive in the fourth quarter at higher than expected levels, so as we finish the fiscal year, well have our full $1.6 billion revolving credit line, which will be undrawn, and we dont have any debt maturities in Q4 this year.  As we look to fiscal 21, we have $1.1 billion in debt maturities for the full fiscal year. Our August maturity of $127 million, we expect to fund that from cash on hand. Our next maturities of $775 million are in October, and well have flexibility to fund that from the higher expected free cash flow from the business, and well just have to see where we land with that given the upside that were seeing right now. We can access our revolver where we can refinance in the form of either term loans or investment-grade notes, so as weve been doing every day with our advisors, well continue to monitor the markets and evaluate the best structure for Conagra and stay in a position of readiness, because if you look at the markets today, as you know, the bank markets are significantly different than they were two weeks ago, and I expect that theyll be significantly different a month from now, so we want to constantly see what the markets are saying.  But the good news is that were cash flow positive, were generating cash and want to use that cash to pay down debt, and we have our full revolver, so I think our liquidity is very strong.
Steve Strycula: Thanks David, thats very helpful. A very quick follow-up question to that would be on gross margins. When we met with you at CAGNY, at the time you commented on taking an inventory reserve for the fourth quarter. I have to imagine inventory for all grocery stores want product right here right now, so is there any chance that that gets reversed out into the fourth quarter as we think forward? If I heard you correctly, were you commenting that the retailer trade investment really becomes de minimis from this point forward and kind of like a rounding error as we think forward to fiscal 21? Thank you.
David Marberger: Yes, so youre right, at CAGNY given the softness in volume, we had expected inventory write-offs, and in Q3 we actually did experience both inventory write-offs and some negative operating leverage. That impacted our Q3 gross margin that we reported.  As we look forward--Im sorry, Steve, what was the second part of your question? 
Steve Strycula: The reverse out was part one on the accounting piece as a comeback on Q4, and the second piece was just on the retail trade investments, does that become de minimis at this point or a rounding error as we think forward? Thank you.
David Marberger: Got it, yes. As part of our Q4 information, we talked about we expect gross margins to improve in the fourth quarter based on all these dynamics. To the extent that inventory that we thought may not be sold has now moved through, that will be a benefit as part of Q4, so that would be reflected. In terms of the retailer investment, yes, its really de minimis, so a lot of the slotting and other investments year-on year, its just not as significant, so were just going to show price mix in total as oppose to break that out now.
Steve Strycula: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Sean and Dave, I would argue that the pantry loading period is probably coming to a close in terms of consumers loading up their houses, so what are you telling your manufacturing facilities to do for the next 30 days or 60 days? Are you telling them that the hours still need to be at a highly elevated level because you want to keep up with--you want to expect consumer demand to remain at elevated levels, even though shelves are full? How do you communicate to your plants what to make and how specific does it get, brand by brand?
Sean Connolly: Yes Rob, were telling them to make everything they can right now and to keep themselves safe and healthy as they do it, and were helping them to do that. But simply put, until were on the other side of this pandemic, sales growth is likely to remain elevated because youve got most of the food away from volume is moving to food at home. Weve got obviously lots of experience with how pantries and warehouses get filled by customers and consumers around situations like hurricanes, and you always see big volumes move into warehouses at the customer level and into pantries and freezers and refrigerators at the consumer level. But how long the pull remains in this particular case is directly a function of how long does this thing last and how long are people sheltering in place, and I dont think anybody can predict right now when that is going to end. Obviously the latest thinking here is that we will go until a minimum the end of April with people really spending lots and lots of time at home, and who knows how much further it can extend beyond that, so the way this works is the initial surge of volume is volume that is going to fill warehouses and to fill pantries, but with people not eating out away from home, I think a reasonable person could conclude that theyre then in the mode of consuming that volume aggressively, and as they work down those pantry levels and warehouse levels come down to normal levels, then it just becomes a just-in-time replenishment as long as the elevated level of consumption remains. Its just too early to pin this with any accuracy, but thats kind of the mechanics of how this works.
Robert Moskow: I totally agree, and if I can ask a follow-up question, have you tried to dive any deeper into single-serve entre demand characteristics versus frozen vegetables, because what I remember from the last recession is that single-serve entrees, they didnt do that great. Consumers were making meals for the whole family to try to save money, so that probably benefit vegetables in an outsized way. Do you expect that to happen again, or is just too soon?
Sean Connolly: Well in this particular case, I dont think there is any comparator to what were experiencing right now, because people are eating at home right now breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacking, dessert - I mean, its all being consumed at home. When you think about all those departs and you think about the family being together, youve got departs like dinner where youre probably going to be leading on multi-serve products, which his very different from how our normal society has been operating because everybody is together. But if you think about lunch, its very much a single-serve occasion because kids have online classes, moms and dads have video conferences, people are eating individually, and people continue to snack throughout the day, so I see--and we see it in the data, we see incredibly high velocities across multi-serve, single serve, snacks. You name it, right now its moving.
Robert Moskow: Yes, okay. Thank you very much.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thank you so much. First question, probably some would consider it lame but Ill ask it anyway, because its something well be going through for the next few weeks or few months. In terms of forecasts for us, whether youre on the investment side or on the sales side, we have to plug something into our models for Q4 and think about Q1 and the progression throughout fiscal 21. I feel like in general, people havent been comfortable punching in plus-40% retail growth expectations and down 50% on food service, but just to be clear, we know what the guidance is now. Obviously its a fluid situation which is completely understandable that you cant pinpoint how Q4 plays out, or even Q1.  But just in terms of consensus and how were all used to looking at that as a benchmark, I guess the first question is how do you think we should be modeling the forecast for your business in terms of top line? Is it a, I dont know, yeah, given March is up 40%, a retail consumer, if that were sustainable, then I would take that piece of the business and say up 40%, and given our guide on food service, take that down 50 and then well just have to see how that plays out, and maybe that reverses next year if theres a pantry load, or maybe not.  Theres a lot in there, but I just kind of wanted to hear what do you want us to do in terms of if there is no specificity that can be provided, basically at this point the guide is almost irrelevant to an extent, as is consensus if we dont model it correctly. Thanks. 
David Marberger: Sean, do you want me to take a shot, or do you want to go?
Sean Connolly: Let me just make one general comment, Dave, and then you can take a shot. I would just say that the unenviable task that you all have coming up with consensus is very similar to the unenviable task we have of things like trying to contemplate fiscal 21 annual operating plan. As you might imagine, if its business as usual, its one set of assumptions. If this thing were to continue, if it were to come back in the fall as I read this morning, thats a whole other ballgame, so its an almost impossible thing to predict. Nobody has a crystal ball, but I think what you guys are going to be looking at is scanner data. What we look at is the scanner data. To understand takeaway, what we look at are our shipment patterns, and of course we follow any--all the health news on the national news every single day, multiple times a day. I think were in one of these times where we will endeavor to be incredibly transparent with what were seeing, what were thinking, so that we can provide the best perspective we can provide, while fully acknowledging that its an impossible task to be precise right now. Dave, you want to add to that?
David Marberger: Yes, you pretty much hit it. Rob, I would say we feel your pain on this forecasting. In my whole career, Ive never done daily forecasting where youre going out quarters and years and all these things, and so the way we approach it is almost a kind of high-medium-low type scenario, and thats why we laid out what we did today. We wanted to tell you what do we know right now and what dont we know, and from there you can then make some assumptions on different scenarios. Sean said it - since quarter to date on the retail side of the business, domestic retail which is 80% of our business, shipments and consumption are in line, so what I would say is consumption could be a good proxy to try to forecast quarter to go the retail business, since theyre in line. Theres no guarantee there, right, because you do have ebbs and flows with shipments versus consumption in a short amount of time, but that, I think, would be a proxy to be able to at least try to figure out how this is trending as we move forward. Theres no silver bullets here, unfortunately.
Rob Dickerson: Thats all very helpful and makes complete sense. Okay, then just quickly in terms of your shelf stable products, I feel like even at CAGNY the focus here going forward, the strategy is more frozen snacks. Shelf stable can have a place within the portfolio, but my feel at least is that you might look at some of those brands more proactively in terms of divestment potential. Now I dont know - I mean, it seems like you piloted today on the slides, said [indiscernible] was doing incrementally better before covid-19 hit. Now theres a pantry load, my feel would be that those areas would actually now do better, maybe, than some other areas. In terms of the tax asset that you have and the entire thought process around divestments and shelf stable, what have you, is it fair to think that at least for the time being, given everything thats going on, that you step back from that and say, lets just see how things settle, keep the business as is, well reevaluate as we get through this a bit more, but yes, we still realize that we have a tax asset thats expiring at the end of next fiscal year? Thanks.
David Marberger: Let me take that, Sean, and then you can jump in here. I did make some comments, Rob, on our prepared comments. The way that we look at divestitures hasnt changed. It all starts with our strategic rationale and then the financial rationale, and the point I made today was financial rationale means that the valuation for any potential divested asset must exceed our intrinsic value for the asset, and given the growth were seeing in our business, given the sales and cash flow at higher levels than theyve historically been, that factors into how we view those assets. Theyre generating a lot of cash for us right now. But my comments were meant to stress that were going to continue to identify assets for divestiture, but if the potential price doesnt exceed the value to Conagra that we see the brands are worth, then we dont feel pressure to move forward.  We have our capital loss carry forward, it doesnt expire until the end of fiscal 21, so as Sean said earlier, its fluid. But we wanted to make sure that point was clear.
Sean Connolly: The only thing I would add to that, Rob, just to cover a little bit of a different perspective on what you call the shelf stable business, I would call it the staples business, and thats how we talked about it at CAGNY. Weve got a decent sized chunk of our portfolio in what wed call staples, and these are products that people rely on. These are products that drive a lot of foot traffic to our retailers, theyre very important to the retailers, they tend to be high gross margin, good cash flow businesses. As I pointed out at CAGNY, just a small handful of them add up to a big, big chunk of our total staple sales. These businesses are very important to us when they are reliably contributing, and most of them have been reliably contributing and they do a lot of good for our portfolio. On occasion, weve seen competitive activity or other dynamics drive weakness, and our philosophy historically has been, look, if we dont have a line of sight to stabilizing something on the top line and the bottom line, then weve divested it, and weve always been open to that.  What Dave is pointing out is these are just different times, where everything is moving, so it takes any kind of compulsion to want to move and do that and reduces that, because these are contributing a lot to us right now. But in general the point that I wanted to make is our staples business across the board almost are very strong, valuable businesses to us, and well continue to monitor them to make sure that they are contributing reliably once we get through this pandemic, and then well go from there. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great, thank you. As a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions anyone may want. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-12-19 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Conagra Brands' Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Ill remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during todays call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of the risks factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items including organic net sales refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the periods referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making some references to Total Conagra Brands as well as Legacy Conagra Brands. References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the acquired Pinnacle Foods business. With that, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. During the second quarter, we made solid progress across our business. We delivered organic net sales growth in each of our reporting segments as we continue to implement the Conagra Way to profitable growth. All of our key initiatives remained on track through Q2. We maintained strong momentum in our leading frozen and snacks businesses, and grocery benefited from improvement in Hunt's Tomatoes and Chef Boyardee. We continued implementing the Conagra Way playbook against the Pinnacle portfolio in the quarter and our focus on execution is working. Our integration and deleveraging programs remained on target through the second quarter, and our synergy capture, which Dave will detail for your today, continued to exceed expectations. Overall, were pleased with our performance through two quarters. And looking ahead, we remain confident in our expectations for the second half and our ability to deliver our fiscal 2020 guidance which has been updated primarily to account for the impact of recent portfolio changes. Our agenda this morning is to provide an update on our work on the entire Conagra business and then provide more detail by segment, starting with Total Conagra. Ill let Dave cover this in more detail, but I want to highlight that our 1.6% organic net sales growth came on the back of 1% volume growth and good price mix performance. Slide 9 demonstrates how the Conagra playbook is taking hold on the top line across our entire portfolio. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Pinnacle on October 26, 2018 part way through Q2 of fiscal 2019. So for the first time, Pinnacles results are represented albeit for less than a full quarter in our organic results. We delivered organic net sales growth of 1.6% during the quarter, which brings our year-to-date growth to 0.1%. As weve talked about previously, we expect fiscal 2020 to be back-half weighted based on the cadence of the actions we're taking, including our innovation launch schedule. We remain confident that we're on track to meet our fiscal 2020 guidance range of plus 1% to plus 1.5% organic net sales growth. Slide 10 is part of the reason for our confidence in our full-year sales outlook. Innovation takes time to build awareness, trial and repeat purchases. As you can see on the left, the products introduced in fiscal year 2019 are performing even better in the first half of fiscal 2010 as consumers continue to respond well to our on-trend innovation slate. And building on this success, the chart on the right shows that the new products we launched in the first half of this year are already outperforming fiscal 2019s new innovation through two quarters. So while we still have exciting innovation to come this year, the ensuring of our recent launches will likely do much of the heavy lifting to drive second half growth. In addition to driving top-line growth, we remain committed to expanding our margins. As you can see on slide 11, the execution of our playbook has allowed us to expand our adjusted operating margin by 21 basis points in the first half of this year as compared to the same period last year. As I noted at the outset, we're making good progress across all of our integration, synergy and deleveraging initiatives as highlighted on slide 12. We're very pleased with the execution on our integration efforts which these are included exiting legacy Pinnacle corporate facilities and continuing to convert newly acquired plants to SAP. We also captured an incremental $42 million of cost synergies during the second quarter bringing total cost synergy realization to $112 million since the closing of our acquisition. As Dave will detail during his remarks, our significant progress has allowed us to increase our synergy target. In addition, we continue to make progress reducing our net debt, and we remain on track with our planned deleveraging. Let's turn to the segments. Before we go deeper on the individual businesses, I'm pleased to report that all four of our segments had positive organic net sales growth in the quarter. Now let's take a look at Frozen. As indicated on slide 15, the total Conagra frozen portfolio returned to growth in Q2, even as we continued to execute our value-over-volume playbook in the legacy Pinnacle business. On the right side of this page, we see that the legacy Conagra frozen portfolio continued to lead our results. The groundwork on the legacy Conagra frozen brands is now consistently delivering growth on top of growth, as our share performance  and our share performance gives us additional confidence in the ongoing success of our frozen business. Looking at frozen meals on slide 16, you can see that we've been securing an increased share of shelf in recent quarters. As a result, we're winning in market and benefiting from an increased share of sales, as shown in the chart on the right. We've been gaining this share by actively partnering with our retail customers to drive profitable growth. These gains have come from introducing new innovations, as well as increasing phasings and velocities on core items. The result has been stronger growth and market share. Within Frozen, our single-serve meals continue to lead the category through Q2. As shown on slide 17, we've again delivered sustained growth on top of growth. As you would expect, the large brands in our legacy Conagra frozen portfolio such as Healthy Choice, Marie Callenders and Banquet are further along in their growth trajectories. We're excited about what's ahead for these brands. We're also excited about the opportunities for the legacy Pinnacle brand including EVOL, Udi's and Hungry-Man where we're getting started implementing the Conagra way to profitable growth. One of the legacy Pinnacle brands that we've prioritized over the last 12 months is Birds Eye, and slide 18 is a great example of value for volume in action. As expected, sales and distribution on Birds Eye declined as we removed lower performing SKUs from the market. Now, the brands distribution trend is starting to bend behind new innovation launches. Our work has also led to share gains versus the branded competition. As shown on slide 19, you can see that Birds Eye gained 20 basis points of share between the first half of fiscal 2019 and the first half of fiscal 2020 versus branded competitors and gained 50 basis points of share over the last quarter a year ago. This is additional evidence that our early efforts are clearly paying off. Another legacy Pinnacle brand we've been focused on is Gardein. We've started to expand distribution for Gardeins broad range of offerings. And as a reminder, we've made significant investments in Gardeins manufacturing and production processes to increase capacity. Our new capacity allows us to better meet the demand for on-trend plant-based protein including in our foodservice business where Gardein saw strong growth in the second quarter. We continue to see great opportunity for this brand going forward. Throughout the balance of fiscal 2020, we'll build upon our category of leading position in frozen with strong innovation. The innovation we launched in the first half of fiscal 2020 is just starting to pick up momentum and we expected to continue to perform well on the second half of the year, and were not going to slow down our Birds Eye. Were focusing on expanding the brands presence with on-trend, value-added products including the vegetable based carb replacements as well as new forms like roasted and shredded vegetables which we launched in the first half of the year. This innovation is expected to have a larger impact in the second half as we continue to build distribution and invest behind consumer trial and repeat. Launching later this year will be another on-trend form, spiralized vegetables. Admittedly, Birds Eye was late to the party here, but were excited about what a proven product like spiralized can do beginning in the second half of the year. Now, I would like to turn to our Grocery & Snacks segment and start with our leading snacks portfolio. Snacks had another terrific quarter maintaining its momentum. Slide 23 shows the continued success of this portfolio. Total Legacy Conagra Snacks were up 5.2% during the quarter delivering 10.4% growth on a two-year basis. Our results were led by meat snacks and sweet treats businesses which delivered growth of 7.8% and 7.3% respectively. We launched a number of on-trend innovative snacking products within our $2 billion plus portfolio at NACS in October. Weve had great customer reactions to these exceptional new innovations, and we expect them to support our continued momentum in the second half. Youll have a chance to try many of these great new products at CAGNY in February. Were also making great progress on our wok to reframe Duncan Hines as a sweet treat to unlock significant growing demand spaces. Our strategy includes refreshed packaging, fund and novel flavors and new shelf-stable and frozen snacking platforms. And as you can see on slide 25, our earliest work, focused on the core shelf-stable baking mixes, has begun to result in share gains as the holiday baking season kicked off. We're building on this momentum by introducing more innovation in the second half, including on-trend keto-friendly cakes and co-branded Oreo cake cups. Turning to our grocery portfolio, we're pleased with the improved trends on our key Chef Boyardee and Hunts tomato businesses. Both have a leadership role in their respective categories and are of critical importance to consumers. Slide 26 shows the traction these businesses are beginning to see from continued investment and smart promotional support. After responding to marketplace dynamics, both Hunts and Chef Boyardee made sequential improvements in the quarter. Wishbone is also improving. As we've noted, Wishbone was challenged by several issues; service, quality, and a label change execution issue. As we lap the closing of the Pinnacle transaction and have almost a year of implementing the Conagra Way playbook against the brand, we've stabilized Wishbone, and year-over-year sales growth has moved into positive territory. Slide 28 shows another part of our playbook in action. We're excited to participate in the salad dressings category and believe it's right for disruptive innovation. Healthy Choice power dressing is a new line of vegetable-based dressings. This exciting new product extension builds on the success of our Power Bowl frozen meals by bringing modern attributes that are relevant to consumers to a large category. We expect these terrific new products to bring the kind of new news that shoppers will welcome. I'll conclude with a few quick remarks about our International and Foodservice segments. In international, the second quarter brought continued strong performance in Canada as well as distribution gains in Mexico. In Foodservice, recall that in Q1, we made the strategic decision to opt out of a particularly low-margin contract consistent with our value-over-volume strategy. This past quarter, we've seen strong sales as weve predicted in our snacks business as well as in the Gardein and Udi's brands. In addition, operating margins improved year-over-year. Overall, we see good progress through the first half of the year. We've had success with our innovation slate and expect that to continue in the second half. We remain on track with our plan and confident in our ability to accelerate growth in the second half and deliver our fiscal 2020 guidance. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Marberger: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll walk through the details of our second quarter fiscal 20 performance as well as the updates to our guidance. We'll then move to Q&A. As Sean noted, October 26 marked the first anniversary of the Pinnacle acquisition. As a result, about one month of legacy Pinnacle performance is included in our organic results for the second quarter which ended on November 24, 2019. Ill start by calling out a few highlights from our performance for the quarter which you can find on slide 32. Reported net sales for the second quarter were up 18.3% versus the same period a year ago, primarily reflecting the continued impact of the Pinnacle Foods acquisition. Organic net sales increased 1.6%, driven by 1% volume growth and 0.6% price/mix favorability. As Sean mentioned, every segment delivered organic net sales growth this quarter. For the second quarter, adjusted gross profit increased 14.1% to $804 million primarily driven by the net impact of the addition of Pinnacle's gross profit, as well as cost synergies. Price mix and supply chain productivity also benefited the quarter. These benefits were partially offset by input cost inflation, increased brand building investments with retailers and a reduction in profit from the divestitures of the Wesson Oil, Gelit and DSD Snacks businesses over the last year. Adjusted SG&A came in at 9.2% of net sales for Q2, as we continue to recognize SG&A synergies from the Pinnacle acquisition. Adjusted net income increased 8.3% as the improvement in operating profit and cost synergies more than offset the impact of higher interest expense associated with the Pinnacle transaction and the reduction of profit from recent divestitures. It's also worth noting that adjusted EBITDA which includes equity method, investment earnings and pension and post-retirement non-service income increased 17.2% to $610 million in the quarter. As Ill describe in more detail in a moment, our adjusted diluted EPS decreased 6% to $0.63 for the quarter. Slide 33 outlines the drivers of second quarter net sales growth of 18.3% versus the same period a year ago. We delivered year-over-year volume growth for the quarter. And as you can see, we continue to drive an increase in price mix despite the additional retailer investments to support brand building that we highlighted last quarter. Total retailer investments reduced the net sales growth rate by 150 basis points which was a bit favorable to our expectations. Our slotting-0related expense which is closely tied to new innovation launches increased as planned, but we also delivered better-than-expected efficiencies in other trade programs. The increase in net sales associated with acquisitions includes 61 days of Pinnacle before it entered the organic base which added approximately 20% to net sales and was offset by a 2.9% net sales decrease from the divestitures of the Wesson oil, Gelit and DSD snacks businesses. Moving to slide 34, you can see our sales summary by segment. As Sean discussed, we made very good progress across the portfolio and delivered organic net sales growth in all four segments during the second quarter. Grocery & Snacks net sales increased 14.2% in Q2 with the acquisition of Pinnacle adding 16.9% and the divestiture of the Wesson oil and DSD snacks businesses subtracting 3.6%. Organic net sales for this segment increased 0.9%, reflecting continued strong in-market performance and innovation successes across many of our snacking brands. Turning to Refrigerated & Frozen, quarterly net sales and organic net sales for the segment increased 28.8% and 2.4%, respectively. Once again, this segment benefited from a robust slate of innovation across multiple brands including Birds Eye, Healthy Choice, Marie Callenders and P.F. Changs. Our International segment continued to benefit from growth in the Snacks & Frozen businesses in the second quarter. International net sales increased 7.3%, primarily due to the acquisition of Pinnacle. Organic net sales increased 1.8% driven by an increase in volume. Net sales for the Foodservice segment increased 6.8% in Q2, with an organic net sales increase of 0.8%. The organic net sales increase was mostly driven by a 3.6% improvement in price mix, partially offset by volume declines of 2.8% as a result of the segments continued execution of value over volume, which drove additional operating margin improvement. Slide 35 outlines the adjusted operating margin bridge for the quarter versus the prior year. Inflation in Q2 was roughly in line with our expectations. At the same time, our gross margin expansion levers such as realized productivity, pricing, mix, and synergies more than offset inflation in the quarter. We're just beginning to lap the anniversary of the steel inflation headwind we began to experience during the same period last year. But we do estimate increased inflation related to proteins moving forward. We continue to estimate full-year fiscal 2020 inflation of approximately 2.8%. With respect to A&P, we continue to focus on driving the right level of spend on the highest ROI opportunities, and this quarter our working A&P  that is, A&P investments that reach the consumer directly  increased year-over-year. The overall decrease in A&P shown on slide 35 was driven by lower spending on non-working expenses such as research costs, along with A&P synergies associated with the Pinnacle deal. Slide 36 outlines our significant progress to-date on overall Pinnacle synergy capture. We realized $42 million of cost synergies this quarter, bringing total cost synergy realization to $112 million from the close of the acquisition through the second quarter. Just to clarify, this $42 million is the incremental synergy benefit versus a year ago as we captured $1 million of synergies in Q2 last year. Our synergy target, when we first announced the Pinnacle acquisition, was $250 million. As we dug in with the benefit of more information after the acquisition closing, we found additional synergy opportunities. Accordingly at our Investor Day in April, we announced an increase to our total Pinnacle-related cost synergy target to approximately $285 million through fiscal 2022. From a cadence standpoint, we announced that 55% of that total or approximately $160 million was expected to come by the end of fiscal 2020. I'm pleased to say that we continue to improve on our synergy delivery and are tracking above target. Today, we are increasing our synergy capture expectation for fiscal 2020 from approximately $160 million to approximately $180 million, and we are updating our total synergy target from approximately $285 million to approximately $305 million through fiscal 2022. The $20 million of additional synergy is primarily driven by favorable SG&A, A&P and trade efficiency. We take the strategic decision to reinvest the additional $20 million back into the business this fiscal year. We have a long list of sales-driving investment opportunities available to us, improved product quality and packaging, further retailer and distribution investments to support the long-term growth of our brands and consumer-facing advertising. Were proud of the team's progress in capturing these incremental synergies and the creation of additional fuel for growth. Slide 37 outlines Conagras adjusted operating profit and operating margin summary for the second quarter. Our adjusted operating profit increased 15.7% in Q2 and our adjusted operating margin came in at 17.1%. We're pleased with the performance across segments with three of the four seeing expanded margins. Turning to slide 38, we've outlined the drivers of our Q2 adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations versus the same period a year ago. As you can see, our adjusted EPS of $0.63 decreased by $0.04 this quarter compared to the same period last year. The increase in adjusted operating profit and the benefit from Ardent Mills were more than offset by increases in interest expense and shares outstanding. Given the anniversary of the Pinnacle acquisition during the quarter, we expect share count interest expense to have less of an impact on adjusted EPS comparisons going forward. Slide 39 summarizes net debt and cash flow information. I'm pleased with the work being done across the organization to achieve our de-leveraging and free cash flow targets. We have continued to make strong sequential improvement in reducing debt and improving the overall financial health of the business. We expect our deleveraging to accelerate in the second half of fiscal 2020 due to the seasonality of our cash flows. Since the close of the acquisition and through the end of the second quarter, we've reduced total gross debt by $1.1 billion and net debt by over $800 million. We remain committed to a solid investment grade credit rating and achieving our fiscal 2021 target of a net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.6 times to 3.5 times. At the end of the second quarter, our average debt maturity was approximately 8.7 years and our weighted average coupon was approximately 4.7%. At the end of the second quarter, fixed rate debt was approximately 87% of our total debt. We are reaffirming our fiscal 2020 guidance given our progress year-to-date and expectations for a solid performance for the balance of the year. As announced in our release, we are updating a few components of our fiscal 2020 guidance primarily as a result of recent transactions. Overall, we expect second half results to show stronger organic net sales growth than in the first half due to the timing of the impacts of new innovation in the Frozen & Snacks business, improved trends in key grocery brands as well as the impact of easier comparisons. With respect to operating margins, we expect year-over-year growth during the second half of fiscal 2020 as we reaffirm our full-year operating margin guidance range. Also, in the second half, we will have anniversary the higher levels of interest expense and share count allowing for easier EPS comparisons as we move through the remainder of the fiscal year. We are updating our reported net sales growth, adjusted diluted EPS range and free cash flow estimate to primarily reflect the divestiture of our DSD snacks business and our planned exit of the manufacture and sale of private label peanut butter. In addition, as outlined in our earnings release, after the end of the quarter, Conagra entered into a definitive agreement to divest the Lender's bagels business. The transaction is expected to close during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 and the expected annualized impact of the divestiture is a reduction of approximately $50 million of net sales and $0.01 of adjusted EPS. Finally, we look forward to presenting at CAGNY in February where we will provide another update on our progress in executing that Conagra way playbook. For those of you attending, make sure to bring your appetite. We'll be sharing many of our most exciting innovations at the events kickoff reception. Thank you for listening. That concludes my remarks. I'll now pass it back to the operator as Sean, Tom McGough, Darren Serrao and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Happy holidays. Hey. So, two for me if I could. First, Sean, I was hoping you could put a bit of context around Pinnacle sales in the quarter. I asked this because we've certainly received some questions around  this morning around the timing of shipments for Pinnacle, because as you mentioned sales in the final month of the quarter were included in organic sales. I guess is this timing aspect something worth calling out when thinking of overall organic sales growth for the company or not so much? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, not so much. On the Pinnacle brands, we delivered a normal shipping pattern in this quarter versus the prior year when the business was getting ready to change. And so in other words, the volume came in when it should have. And at a company level, overall consumption and the P&L were almost in total lock step on the first half. And then, of course, with respect to customers, our goal is on-time and in-full shipments and a simple reason for that is because if we dont do that, we can be out of stock or fined. So we fulfill orders when we get them.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that clarity. And then second, on the last call, you talked a bit about the impact that click and collect and e-comm was having on the frozen category as a whole in terms of some sort of near-term shelf space dynamics. Some of the slides in the deck this morning speak to the fiscal 2020 innovation being more successful than 2019 and also Conagra gaining some share of shelf distribution currently with some of the new innovation. I guess now that youve launched some of this innovation, are there any further learnings on this that youve gotten now that were a quarter removed from that? And basically, Im trying to assess why wouldnt Conagra necessarily be a net beneficiary in this new environment versus peers, just given the magnitude of innovation that youre actually bringing versus, lets say, competitors at the moment? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me try to clarify what exactly I was referring to last quarter with respect to the new environment. There are a small handful of customers who are much farther along on their click and collect. And as a result, they need to create more holding power on the highest velocity items in the category, items like the brands we sell in frozen, particularly in single-serve meals. The balance of the retail universe, its kind of business as usual and theyre less developed in terms of click and collect and they take as many new items as we can basically make. So in both of those instances, our business is performing well. And the first part, were performing well because we are picking up pacings on high-velocity items where we may have previously had out of stock along with getting some of our new innovation into the marketplace. With the other customers, we are getting a ton of new TPDs behind this very vast innovation slate weve got out there. So in terms of share of shelf and overall dollar sales growth versus the prior year, we are pairing quite well in frozen single-serve meals across both of these types of customers.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks so much for the clarity and have a good holiday.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: My first question was, you talked about this a little bit, but I wanted to get a little bit of better clarity on the cadence of the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. I know these things are very hard to forecast, but are there any timing issues in terms of your shipments that we should be thinking about as we model these two quarters ahead?
Sean Connolly: Well I think overall, we expect a strong second half. Dave you can chime in here, but we've got that innovation is going to be a significant driver in terms of the back half pick up along with the fact that we've got easier comps, Ken. And as you think about the easier comps, perhaps most noteworthy in my mind is Q4 on the legacy Conagra business where we ran into some of these transitory issues last year where we saw some non-economic promotional behavior by some of our competitors. We don't expect that to repeat. So that should be a fairly significant factor in Q4. Dave you want to add some color here?
David Marberger: Yeah. Just to add one thing, Ken. As we said last quarter, we expect sequential improvement in organic net sales each quarter in fiscal 2020. So we saw that Q1 to Q2 and we expect to see that continue Q3 and Q4.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you for that. And then, as my follow up, the extra $20 million in synergies that you're reinvesting, I wanted to get a little bit of a better sense of why there is no benefit to the bottom line there. Are you putting it all into advertising that you expect to really not do anything other than sort of improve the brand equity something that maybe doesn't really benefit you until 2021 maybe? I'm just trying to get an idea of why there's nothing that sort of whether directly or indirectly kind of flows to the bottom line there for us.
David Marberger: Yeah. Ken, I think the way I think about it is our judgment at this juncture is that taking the $285 million to the bottom line over the course of the next several years is enough for now. And that if we find favor ability above that, a better return will be to invest in the business so we can sustain the strong performance we expect over the next couple of years. In other words, this is a long game for us. We're trying to build this portfolio to be perpetually strong and getting stronger in each and every strategic planning horizon. So as we find opportunity over and above a very rich $285 million which keep in mind was well above what we originally planned, if we can see a line of sight to strengthening our business that could be at the plants, it could be in marketing, it could be in any number, it could be with customers, then we'll see the opportunity to continue to build our brands, because you got to  as we all know from the last several years in this industry, it's got to be a balance of strong financial performance and strong investment in innovation and the consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: So, Sean, first question I had would be a little bit of texture behind the organic sales growth we anticipated in the back half and why it accelerates. Can you walk through a few of the different subcomponents what's happening in dry grocery? How do we think about the continuation of the bill from what you launch in the first half and what folds in the second half, and then I have a follow-up.
David Marberger: Well, I think big picture, it's the sustained strength in Frozen and Snacks, as well as the passage of transitory challenges we saw previously Hunts and Chef and even Marie Callender's frozen in Q4 of last year, as well as the Pinnacle businesses wrapping some of their weaker comps and finally getting back in the game in terms of the kind of quality innovation that frankly should have been there all along, those are really a lot of the key drivers of what's going to deliver the second half performance.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And then should we think of -- given the amount of innovation that's come in half and  coming through in the back half of the year, is the second fiscal quarter still the peak level of retail trade spend, or should that start to moderate as we move into the back half? And, Sean, could you unpack a little bit more what you're reinvesting the $20 million in to drive the top line for the longer term? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Steve, let me take the trade spend, the investment, and retail spend. As we had said, the first half, we expect that investment to be higher than the second half, and that's still our forecast. So the second half will be a bit lower than the percentages in the first half, although we'll still be investing for sure. So we came in at 1.7% in Q1 and 1.5% in Q2, so itll be a bit lower in the second half.
David Marberger: In terms of investing in the business, Steve, really everything is on the table here in terms of investing in our infrastructure at our plants so we can run higher quality and run more efficiently, investing in our brands. As you heard in his comments, our working A&P was up this quarter. We continued to do a lot with our customers at the point of purchase particularly because that matters a lot when youre launching new innovation into the marketplace that people havent seen before. The precursor to trial if of course awareness. So thats a part of our playbook that we've been doing pretty consistently activating with customers over the last couple of years, well continue to do.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Id like to add my happy holiday wish to you as well. I had a question for you in relation to, as we think about sort of the Conagra way, if I can use that term. But as you're taking products off the shelf, youre doing some rationalization of SKUs to make room for a lot of the new products. Does that activity continue in Q2? Does it continue in the second half of the year or have we seen a lot of that already coming through the results?
David Marberger: Yeah. To some degree, Chris, that is kind of an ongoing thing because if you think about innovation being such a centerpiece of the Conagra way. Theres not a company in consumer packaged goods that has 100% of its innovation work. It just  it doesn't happen. Innovation is a bit of a numbers game. So you're going to launch a suite of things each cycle, you will see some of them outperform expectations. You'll see others don't perform the way you expect it. So there is almost inherently a ongoing weed and feed type of approach that you will have if you are a perpetual innovator. And that's the way we think we are. In terms of the other kind of value over volume of stuff that's truly antiquated that probably shouldn't come out of the market long ago, either because of the topline weakness or margin weakness, we're pretty far along in that piece of our equation. Right? We've been doing that for a while particularly on legacy CAG. Obviously, there's more for us to do there on the business and we've done a fair amount of that so far this calendar year. We still have some to go, but again, the purpose of that is to get to a foundation that is really stable that you can then build on as you tether the new innovation into the marketplace. So on that piece of the business, we're not as far along as on legacy CAG. But to some degree, there will be an element that is ongoing as some of the innovation outperforms expectation and some of it falls short.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just a quick follow up, if I could, on cost inflation and pricing. I put aside sort of the slotting fees, the sort of investments youre making there, you had some price realization occur in the quarter. And I just want to understand, as we look ahead to the second half of the year, just the pacing of the cost inflation, does that effectively still go down in the second half of the year? And then if there's any incremental pricing actions you've announced. I know you cant talk about forward-looking actions, but anything youve announced of late that would reflect any further inflation in the business?
David Marberger: Yeah. Chris, first half inflation actually came in below 2.8%. The second quarter inflation was around 2.1%, 2.2% as the metal and the resin packaging and oils inflation started to moderate. As I said in my comments, we expect second half inflation actually to bump up because we expect higher inflation on pork and beef and protein. So second half, that actually will bump up over 3%. So we still estimate total fiscal year 2020 inflation of approximately 2.8% where it was a little bit favorable Q2 and then its going to bump back up second half. So thats all in our 2.8%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. A couple of questions, first, I'd love to come back to Andrew Lazars question. I heard the answer of, hey, the cadence through the quarter was exactly spun on as it should be. But you also made reference to last year perhaps being a bit unusual ahead of the [indiscernible] prepare for sale. Can you elaborate on that?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think, first of all, with respect to the top line and in the first half of the year and for the balance of the year, we always expect and we consistently communicated that we would see strength as we move through the year. And so when you  look, given where we are right now, you really need to look at the totality of the first half for the company because when you do that, you will see dollar sales in the P&L modestly trails consumption for the total company. And the reason for that is really the above underlying marketing investments that we've made with retailers, but historically, we tend to shift to consumption over time, and we expect that to continue. In terms of Pinnacle flow, really what I said is really the key point. Our volume came in on Pinnacle through the core, the way it should have. It was lumpier in the year ago period, because the company actually had two different owners in the year ago period. So, theres two different folks running the business. This year, it came in the way it should have and came in the way customers ordered it, and thats the way it flowed.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. And then switching gears and building again on another question on your investment in the brands ahead of this big innovation push, can you contextualize, give us some examples of where the money is going in terms of the consumer-facing branded stuff because we're having a hard time finding including if we look at the track media spend at it, not a lot of your money is showing up in, and at least what we can see in the Kantar databases for measured media, which begs the question of where is that media pressure going? Just love some context around that. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Well, Im not exactly sure what the value of the metrics that you  or the tools that you got, tracking tools you guys use in terms of does it capture everything. But keep in mind, when we said we were investing in Q2, it was always were investing in Q2 to tee up the back half. And so their investment is Q2 and then in the back half itself. A lot of our early investment is investment in slotting to get the product on the shelf, investment with customer to get the right physical availability of the product because thats the precursor to creating mental availability for the product. As we move into the second half of the year, thats when you see more of the more visible things hit like our social digital programs, our mainstream media programs. That usually doesnt get turned on until after the products are in fairly substantially ACV, and thats really as we get into the back half of the year. A lot of the balance of it is incentives  early trial incentives for things that hit the shelf early and getting the products in the right spot on the right shelf.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess two  the first one for me is just, Sean, theres been a lot of discussion about the inflection in the back half of the year and I think people concerned a little bit about just getting there. Can you give us a sense at this point of how much visibility you have in terms of having the innovation actually sold in and on the shelves? And now that were kind of at the middle of the year, are we more at the point where its got to move off the shelf but youre pretty well locked in, in terms of having stuff sold in?
Sean Connolly: Oh, yeah. I mean, its  we've got a pretty robust slate that went out in the first half, and we've got a robust slate going out in the second half. And if you just look as kind of a proxy, some of the data that we showed in our prepared slides. Go back to last year. Last year's innovation continues to crank this year. This year's innovation that we've launched thus far is doing even better than last year's innovation, so we expect that to build in the second half. We already know obviously where those  that innovation is and of the items that are going to ship in the second half, we know who has accepted them and when they're expected to go. And based on the success of last year's innovation and this year's innovation so far, I see no logical reason why those wouldnt perform in a similar manner.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. And then, Dave, just a follow-up. You talked a little bit about, I think in your prepared remarks, that you have about 87% of your debt is fixed at 4.7% coupon. Given where rates have gone, is there any appetite to potentially try to take advantage of lower rates?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Were always evaluating those opportunities, so were looking at that all the time. So, yeah, when we think there's a good opportunity, well execute against it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thanks and now a happy holidays everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. Hey, the results are certainly a lot better than I expected. One of the slides though shows that Birds Eyes consumption rates does remain in negative territory although you are, I think, now lapping the distribution declines from last year. And I noticed you also said that you're gaining share versus brand but you didnt mention private label. So, are these distribution gains strong enough to get Birds Eye back into positive territory in the back half? Do you think we'll start to see that in the retail consumption data as a metric of how you're performing? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Rob, we are really excited about the Birds Eye brand and owning that brand and what we can do with it. Overall, our goal with Birds Eye is to democratize vegetable goodness and we do that three ways. One, we modernize and we premiumize vegetables. Two, we optimize veggie-based meals. And three, we extend Birds Eyes vegetable credentials into new categories. And we are just getting warmed up in terms of these three things and you can see some of the very early stuff in our slides today. So, as you can see, our focus is on what I'll call value-added innovation. And as we deliver these into the marketplace, we expect Birds Eye with its extremely strong and leading market share to be highly competitive versus all players, branded and private label alike. When Birds Eye slowed its innovation cadence in 2018, others were opportunistic. But now that we are applying our playbook to Birds Eye, we expect strong results to be the outcome and we expect to see a very nice second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Happy Holidays. Just one question. I want to understand the gross margin mix factors here. It seems that like, realized inputs were up a little bit. Its actually second half of the year. But I would expect between operating leverage and some of the pricing here pretty  maybe a little bit better performance. So if you could eliminate what role mix is playing in adjusted gross margin progression, and maybe what that means going forward. Appreciate it.
Sean Connolly: Jon, as I mentioned in my comments, we're looking at all the levers for gross margin and mixes, one of those, especially margin accretive [indiscernible] mix and benefit there. So that's factored into our guidance for this year. Our gross margins in the second quarter came in a little bit favorable to our estimates. One was because of some of the trade productivity that we're starting to realize, which flows through and obviously benefits the gross margin. So we're on track, we're managing all the levers mix and the others. We are going to have a spike in inflation relative to the first half in the second half because of proteins. So we'll be over 2.8% in the second half. So we have to manage that as part of gross margin. But we feel good in our overall guidance for operating margin and the impact the gross margin has on that for full-year fiscal 2020.
Jonathan Feeney: And if I could follow up, just [indiscernible] on the grocery and snacks business particularly. That has to be carrying your gross margin that's maybe a little bit lower than some peers in the business. Do you see any reason why that gross margin can't be more in line with your peers just in that business specifically?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I  that may be true. I dont know if thats true on that piece of the business, Jon. But Ive been doing this a long time around grocery. And what I can tell you is a lot of what tends to drive the super outsized gross margin you see in some of the peer companies is a single dominant category that has a call it, 50-plus gross margin or high-40s gross margin that elevates the average for that whole group. We dont have one of those. So weve got very nice accretive margins versus others, but we dont have one of those large enormous through the roof type of gross margin businesses. And maybe thats not a bad thing because a lot of the businesses that have those kinds of margins tend to be at least where weve seen a secular decline. We dont have that either, and thats a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Thanks for the question. So, just in terms of the sales growth and this question about shipments and selling. You've said a few times that you shipped to consumer takeaway this quarter. There may have been some disruption last year as Pinnacle changed hands, although we don't know the magnitude of that, but this quarter you have talked about the big step-up in innovation and launches a new product. Was there any benefit from the sell-in, the pace of sell-in of new products year-over-year?
Sean Connolly: Yeah. If that kind of gets at, did we pull any of the second half volume into the first half to fill the pipeline. The answer to that is no. The first half sales number in the P&L again was a tad behind assumption. So the bottom line is, we expect a good second half. The H1 innovation should continue to gain traction. The 82 invasion hits the marketplace and comps become pretty favorable again, especially an Legacy CAG in Q4. So that's really kind of how we view the next six months as we sit here today.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow-up, where are you as of the moment with the percentage of sales for new products? I think you measure it as launched over the last three years. I'm just wondering how that has improved over the last few years? And is it now at a level where you think that's kind of the level that you should hold it at, or do you expect it to continue to step up?
Sean Connolly: Its actually really strong. I'll keep our powder dry on kind of how we're  our rolling progress looks probably until CAGNY, but it's very strong, Alexia. And just for everybody else whos listening, remember this is a company that  we call this metric renewal rate. Its the percentage of annual net sales that comes from stuff we've launched in the last three years. Our historic track record was around 9-ish percent. Best-in-class tends to be about 15%. We pushed it kind of into that 12% area about a year ago, and we've made significant progress even from there. So that's  that remains kind of  our true north is to get and stay in that ballpark over time in that 13% and 15% range. We think that's about the right spot.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell: Hey. First, just kind of a modeling question on the $20 million of incremental synergies. Is it kind of a one-for-one where you're finding it in gross margin and SG&A is going to be reinvested back, or would there be a greater lift in the back half to gross margin or SG&A one way or the other?
Sean Connolly: No, we're -- most of the reinvestment is going to be in the second half, as we've talked about. There's different areas that we're looking into in terms of the reinvestment. Some of it could be increased investment with retailers which affects above the line. Some could be more in package quality which goes right to cost of goods sold. Some could be an A&P which is the A&P line. So, the re-investment could hit different areas of the P&L. The bigger point is that most of that reinvestment will take place in the second half of fiscal 2020.
Bill Chappell: Got it. I just tried it. So it doesn't sound like change are kind of our estimates in terms of how we get there at this point. The second question just trying to understand about the step up of trade promotions. Is this a sign that there's  you need more pricing, you need to take more pricing, the category is getting more competitive? You're just trying to understand how much of this goes behind trying to gain some market share via price.
Sean Connolly: Well, let me make one comment and then turn over to Dave to add to this. Marketing spend in total shows up below the line and above the line. And historically, the bubble line marketing spend was called trade spend and it typically equated to the promotion merchandising, price discounting, things like that. That's not the case today. Certainly that exists, but there's a lot of brand building activity. As we've said many times, that happens in our spend that is accounting for as trade spend which we call retailer brand building investments. Some of that is in traditional merchandising. Other investments could be anything from data to loyalty card programs to sampling, sliding all of these types of brand building activities go in there. With respect to the kind of price promotion that you just referred to in your question, we have been surging goal on businesses where we have faced more intensified competition on the promotional front namely the Hunts Tomato business and on Chef Boyardee. And as we said last quarter, we would evaluate what our response to some of those, what we consider to be non-economic decisions would be. And we have been very much in adding very  and surgical in adding some promotion, and weve seen as weve always seen with these two market-leading brands kind of an outsized response. Dave, do you want to add to that?
David Marberger: Yeah and just to build on that, so when you used the term trade, theres really two kind of ways to look at that. What we break out on our sales bridge is the increase in retail or investment, and these are brand-building investments with the retailers that enable us to get incremental shelf space, improve shelf placement and it drives consumer trial and repeat. Theres also a piece of trade which is just pure price promotion. That is not what we carve out increase and retail our investments on the sales bridge. That does not include just pure price promotion. So when you use rate, you got to understand theres two components to that. And so things like Chef where were being competitive, well have price promotion on that, for example. That hits the  more the price component of trade.
Bill Chappell: Got it. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nik Modi of RBC. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. Just two quick ones from me. Sean, maybe you can help us understand kind of how you think about portfolio shaping in terms of some of the recent divestitures youve announced. Should we be thinking about Conagra thinking about slimming down their portfolio over the coming 12 to 18 months any further? And then the second question is just wanted to get clarity on  you talked about earlier in the call making some of your Promotional spending more efficient and maybe you can provide a little bit more specifics around exactly what that's all about just to give us some better clarity? Thank you.
David Marberger: Sure. On the first part, Nick, I've been saying for the better part of five years now that one way you can think about what we threw around here is we're perpetually reshaping our portfolio for better growth and better margins. And underneath that, we do it three ways. One, we invest in innovation to strengthen the brands we own. Two, we acquire new brands where our playbook can easily be applied that will be additive and complementary and incremental to what we already do. And three, we will divest stuff that either doesn't fit strategically or is a chronic drag on our margin or our sales rate or its just too resource intensive for us to consider to be a priority. We've been very aggressive in doing all three of these things for the last five years. And on that third piece, with respect  in terms of divestitures that help us better sculpt growth and margins, we remain very active there including just the new news today that we intend to  to sell lenders. So there's a lot of  theres been a lot of activity there and I don't expect that to change obviously. The inbound stuff is going to change because we're in the mode of deleveraging right now and that will be the case for some time. But the divestiture side, we've been active in and we will continue to look at our portfolio. In terms of trade efficiency, and customer investment, this is a space that was very neanderthal 20 years ago and not very analytical to a space that has become much more analytical and much easier to evaluate, particular activities in terms of ROI and to enable some of that, weve made investments in technology so we can really get the data and leverage the analytical tools that are available to us now and that is resulting in better bang for our buck, and it actually is applied not only to trade, but we also apply to similar types of advanced analytics to our AMP investments. And the whole goal of this is to identify the proverbial 50% of your marketing that people always talk to but doesn't work, so we can cut it and redeploy it elsewhere to be more productive for us, and we've made strong and steady progress in terms of that efficiency and effectiveness in the last several years and it continues even as we go through this year.
Nik Modi: Great. Thank you very much and happy holidays.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions that may one  anyone may want. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands and happy holidays.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-09-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Conagra Brands First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during today's call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales growth, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making references to Total Conagra Brands, Legacy Conagra Brands, and Legacy Pinnacle. References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the recently acquired Pinnacle Foods business. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. Fiscal 2020 is on track following a very solid Q1. We continue to implement the Conagra Way to profitable growth by executing against the principles and plan we shared at Investor Day. We're applying our value-over-volume playbook to the Legacy Pinnacle portfolio, and we've made important progress strengthening the foundation of the business and repositioning Pinnacles leadership brands for profitable growth. We're also pleased to report that our ongoing integration and synergy capture related to the Pinnacle business and our deleveraging progress remain squarely on track. In Legacy Conagra, we continued to deliver solid execution and maintained our momentum in the first quarter, particularly in our leading frozen and snacks businesses. Looking ahead, we remain confident that our second half results will reflect stronger growth than the first half. We'll lap the anniversary of the Pinnacle acquisition, and the easier comps due to the start of our value-over-volume execution across its portfolio. We'll also begin to benefit from the exciting new innovations that are being introduced to the market. Therefore, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2020 guidance for all previously communicated metrics. Our agenda this morning is to provide an update on our work on the Legacy Pinnacle business, discuss our continued progress on Legacy Conagra, and share some additional details on our expectations for the remainder of the year. Turning to the Legacy Pinnacle portfolio. Before diving into the details here, I'd like to take a step back and review the central tenets of our value-over-volume playbook, which is essentially our approach to optimizing the base business and establishing a stronger foundation on which to build. As you've heard me say before, value-over-volume is a disciplined approach to growth that acknowledges not all volume is created equal and consumer demands are always evolving. The approach dictates that we consistently apply rigorous portfolio management. Value-over-volume involves eliminating weaker SKUs in advance of the launch of higher performing new products and the associated brand building investments. It also involves renovating the core and getting the fundamentals right. These fundamentals include pricing, promotion, assortment, distribution, product quality and packaging. We've previously shared that our application of value-over-volumes of a Legacy Pinnacle portfolio would be a key priority. As you can see on slide seven, we're making real progress. In fact, we're seeing very similar patterns to what we saw in Legacy Conagra a few years ago. We've trimmed low quality SKUs from the marketplace, we've seen TPDs decline near-term. But importantly, we've also seen base velocities improve sharply. We demonstrated on brands like Banquet and Healthy Choice in Legacy Conagra. This creates a much stronger foundation on which to infuse brand building investments. Wish-Bone is one of the key Legacy Pinnacle brands, where we're furthest along in strengthening the foundation. As we've discussed previously, Wish-Bone was challenged by several issues, service, quality and the label change executions. We identified the issues and took action, fixing the service challenges, improving labels for better variety communication and also upgrading the product quality. As you can see on slide eight, weve stabilized the business; in fact, we grew it in Q1. We also remain highly focused on executing our playbook on the Birds Eye and Duncan Hines brands. Low performing SKUs have come out of the market and fundamentals are improving. Keep in mind that we're in the very early stages of recognizing the benefits from our new innovations in these categories. The shelf reset windows at large customers are different than they are for Wish-Bone. So, the timing of their recoveries is different. We do anticipate improvement in the second half of fiscal 2020 for both of these brands as they begin to benefit from the addition of our new innovation slate. We're confident that the Birds Eye and Duncan Hines brands will continue to stabilize and are on track for profitable growth. We also remain on track across all our integrations, synergies, and deleveraging initiatives as highlighted on slide 10. Across the board, we're very pleased with the execution of our integration activities. Our employee related transitions are now substantially complete. And since the close of the transaction through the end of Q1, we've realized $71 million of cost synergies. From a balance sheet perspective, we're on schedule with our deleveraging plan, having reduced total gross debt by $148 million in the first quarter and by more than $1 billion from the transaction close through the end of Q1. As we consistently said, we remain firmly committed to maintaining a solid investment grade credit rating. Overall, we had a solid first quarter on Legacy Pinnacle; we've made good progress in strengthening the foundation across the portfolio and look forward to continued improvement in the back half of the year as we begin to benefit from the new innovations. Turning to Legacy Conagra. The business started the year well, and we're pleased with the trends we're seeing. The Legacy Conagra business delivered solid performance during the quarter. Together, the two large domestic retail businesses outperformed their planned organic net sales growth. Yet again, we saw terrific momentum in our Legacy Conagra frozen and snacks businesses. As expected, our grocery sales performance in Q1 was impacted by some holdover from the Hunt's and Chef Boyardee dynamics that we detailed last quarter. As we'll share with you today, we have action plans in place and trends are already improving. But we also experienced some unplanned softness in our International and Foodservice segments during the quarter. And this negatively impacted our top-line performance. This softness relates to some onetime issues, and both segments are expected to recover in the second half. Importantly, despite these top-line headwinds, our International and Foodservice segments overdelivered their profit plans for the quarter. Let's get into each of these items in more detail. Turning to slide 13. You can see that total retail sales for the Legacy Conagra business were up 0.9% from the same period a year ago, demonstrating 2.7% growth over the two-year period. While I'll walk you through the year-on-year drivers of the fiscal year in a moment, you can see in this chart that the two-year growth rate has been fairly stable for the past four quarters and we're entering a period of easier comparisons on a one-year basis. On slide 14, you can see that we continued our momentum in the Legacy Conagra frozen portfolio throughout the first quarter with retail sales growing 2.5%. In addition, our Legacy Conagra frozen meals business continued to outperform our peers in Q1. In fact, it has become the industry leader in the frozen category. Our Legacy Conagra meals -- frozen meals business now has the number one position in share of total retail sales and gained share of category dollars in Q1. Slide 16 demonstrates that were also gaining share of shelf. As weve discussed, in some instances, our actions to remove low-performing products drives lower TPDs as we create more holding power for our higher velocity items. In other cases, we've seen TPDs expand. In either event, our goal is to grow share of shelf. And that's exactly what we're doing. As we know, our retail customers run the ultimate meritocracy. They will give more space to the products that move up the shelf the fastest. This data demonstrates that we're earning more shelf space by having products that consumers demand. Importantly, shelf space is a leading indicator that bodes well for our opportunity to grow sales. Frozen wasn't the only leader in our Legacy Conagra portfolio in Q1. Snacks also maintained momentum through the first quarter and delivered strong results across a variety of brands and categories. Total retail sales in snacks were up an impressive 7.2% versus a year ago. Meat snacks and seeds emerged as particularly strong leaders with an increase in retail sales of 9.4% and 8.5%, respectively. Overall retail dollar sales in snacks demonstrated sustained performance improvement throughout the first quarter, having grown 9.8% on a two-year basis. Similar to frozen, our Legacy Conagra snacks business is also outperforming its peers and gaining share as demonstrated on slide 18. Turning to the Legacy Conagra grocery portfolio for a moment. If you recall, last quarter, we faced headwinds in our grocery portfolio related to pricing and promotional challenges. As the cost of steel cans increased, we implemented inflation justified pricing on Hunt's canned tomatoes and Chef Boyardee to partially offset the increased cost. However, our private label competition in canned tomatoes kept prices flat and in some instances, actually decreased prices. And on Chef Boyardee we lost some high quality merchandising. The effect of these dynamics was a higher than expected volume decline in Q4. We planned for this decline to continue through the first quarter as a carryover from Q4, and it did. We've already begun implementing action plans for each of these brands to reverse this trend. Before I get to the year to go, I'll cover Foodservice and International. As I mentioned earlier, we faced some unplanned softness in the top-line performance in our International and Foodservice segments during the quarter. International segment was impacted by external events in Puerto Rico and India that shifted the timing of sales previously expected in Q1 to the second half. While this shift in timing impacts our quarter-to-quarter results, we expect that it will have no net impact on the top-line for the fiscal year. Partially offsetting this timing shift, our International segment benefited from growth in snacks and frozen, the improved mix as well as cost savings resulted in higher than planned operating profit and margins in the quarter. In our Foodservice segment, we made the strategic decision this quarter to opt out of a particularly low margin contract, consistent with our value-over-volume strategy. While this decision negatively impacted our top-line in the near term, it was the right thing to do for the health of the business, and benefited our Q1 margins in the segment. Furthermore, we expect stronger top-line performance in Foodservice for the balance of the year with new items coming to market. We also expect better than anticipated performance from Gardein within the Foodservice segment, which will start to be included in our organic number during the second quarter. Looking ahead, we're excited about what's to come in the back half of the year. First, we are providing more promotional support on Hunt's and Chef Boyardee to better compete in market. Second, we've got a strong investment plan for Q2 for the new innovation that's about to hit the market. In fact, the second quarter will mark the peak of our investment cycle as we incur launch expenses to tee up our slate of new products. And third, we expect terrific second half growth. We'll see innovation build across many of our segments in the second half of the year. We expect our in-store presence to be much stronger and drive growth. Some categories this will be on the back of increased TPDs and in others, it will come on the back of increased facings on high velocity items. We'll also benefit from easier comparisons in the back half of the year, as we ramp prior year value or volume activity and increased competition. In addition, well lap the anniversary of our Pinnacle acquisition, discreet supply chain disruptions, and the higher interest expense and share count that started in Q2 of last year. Let's go into each of these items in a bit more detail. Starting in the second quarter, we began launching new, smart promotional support for Hunt's and Chef Boyardee to improve volume trends. Remember, Hunt's and Chef Boyardee continued to maintain the number one position in their categories among branded competitors. Both brands are of critical importance to consumers. We're already seeing early traction on both brands, as demonstrated on slide 23. The first two weeks of our second quarter have shown the benefit of these strategic promotions. Its certainly early days, and we have some tougher comps in the weeks ahead, given the year ago hurricane activity. But, we're confident that we have the right marketplace strategies now in place to deliver sequential improvement throughout the second half of the year. We're also excited to introduce exciting new products to our $2 billion snacks portfolio throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Our latest innovation slate, a portion of which is shown here, will premiere at NACS in October. We're delivering products with bold flavors, new forms, and optimized price pack architecture. Any of you are at NACS, please stop by our booth to see this great work for yourself. We're proud of our snacks portfolio; its one of the fastest growing. We're confident that our continued innovation in the space will further differentiate and elevate our already iconic brands. We're also excited about our new Conagra Brands Center for Food Design, which we expect to open in the first calendar quarter of 2020, next door to our headquarters in Chicago. This is an expansion of our state-of-the-art, R&D and culinary capabilities, and will be exclusively focused on snacking related innovation. This facility will combine culinary, food and packaging design expertise in one space, enabling the rapid development of even more contemporary snacking products. We're also introducing reinvigorated innovation to our sweet treats portfolio in the back half of the year across both Legacy Pinnacle and Legacy Conagra Brands. Duncan Hines is being reframed as a sweet treat to unlock significant growing demand spaces with refreshed packaging, fun and novel flavors and new snacking platforms. Legacy Conagra's snacking brands will also receive an injection of innovation to capture consumer excitement with trending kid friendly themes. We plan to build upon our category leading position in frozen by introducing our strongest innovation slate to date throughout the balance of fiscal 2020. We've been strategically tailoring our products to fit the needs of today's busy consumers by providing them with premium, nutritious ingredients and increasing sustainability, all at affordable price points. Birds Eye is expected to benefit meaningfully from these efforts. We expect Birds Eye performance to accelerate in the second half as we see the impacts of our recently launched innovation slate, as well as upcoming new product introductions, including spiralized zucchini. As one of the largest brands in frozen vegetables, we're confident that Birds Eye is well positioned to capitalize on contemporary forms and trending flavors. Another brand in our portfolio with significant growth opportunity is Gardein, which we spoke about at length last quarter. We're working hard to continue to build out the Gardein brand to capitalize on the explosive growth in the plant-based meat-alternative space. The Gardein foodservice business grew an impressive 25% in the first quarter, and continues to accelerate penetration across multiple Foodservice channels. As we shared with you last quarter, the brand is the second largest in the plant-based meat alternative space, and has already quadrupled in size over the past four years. In retail, we expect our Gardein to gain prominence in both frozen and refrigerated as we introduce more high-quality innovation. On-trend brand with modern attributes, Gardein is uniquely positioned to generate superior velocities by leveraging Conagra's culinary capabilities, differentiated packaging techniques, and our diverse portfolio of power brands. And we are well-positioned to support Gardein's continued growth with new capacity coming on line during Q2. Overall, we're pleased with the progress Conagra has made in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We're on track with our plan and confident in our ability to accelerate growth in the second half of the year and deliver our fiscal 2020 guidance. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll walk through our first quarter fiscal 20 performance before we open it up for questions. As a reminder, starting this quarter, Conagra no longer reports Pinnacle as a standalone reporting segment. Pinnacle's business components have been allocated to the four Legacy Conagra reporting segments to reflect how we are now managing the business. You can find historical segment financial information that reflects this recast in an 8-K furnished with the SEC on September 23rd. Slide 31 outlines our performance for the quarter. I'll walk through more detail in a moment, but I'll start here by noting a few highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, net sales for the first quarter were up 30.3%, primarily reflecting the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods. Organic net sales were down 1.7%. The decrease in organic sales was primarily driven by the unplanned softness in International and Foodservice, and the planned declines in our Grocery & Snacks segment that Sean discussed. Adjusted operating profit for the first quarter was up 40% and adjusted operating margin increased 108 basis points to 15.7%, which was ahead of our internal expectations. I'll walk you through the adjusted EPS bridge in a moment. However, I want to highlight that while our adjusted EPS decreased 8.5% to $0.43 for the quarter, adjusted net income increased 12.5%. Our increase in operating profit more than offset the impact of the increased interest expense associated with the Pinnacle transaction. Slide 32 outlines the drivers of our first quarter net sales versus the same period a year ago. We continued to drive an increase in price mix, even after taking into account our increases in retailer investments to support brand building. It should also be noted that the 32.1% increase from acquisitions and divestitures includes 3.7 percentage points of decrease from the sales of the Wesson oil, Gelit and Canadian Del Monte businesses and the Trenton production facility. Slide 33 provides a summary of net sales by segment for the first quarter. Again, the Legacy Pinnacle business has been allocated to the four other reporting segments. So, we are not showing in Pinnacle segment anymore. I will discuss Pinnacle Q1 net sales in more detail shortly.  Grocery & Snacks net sales increased 26.9% in Q1 as the acquisition of Pinnacle added 34.7% and the divestiture of Wesson oil subtracted 4.1% from the net sales growth rate. Organic net sales for Grocery & Snacks decreased 3.7% as the planned declines in Hunt's tomatoes and Chef Boyardee were partially offset by continued strong in-market performance and innovation success in our snacks business. The Refrigerated & Frozen segment benefited once again from our robust slate of innovation across multiple Legacy Conagra brands, including Banquet, Healthy Choice, P.F. Chang's Reddi-wip and Sandwich Bros. During the quarter, Refrigerated & Frozen net sales and organic net sales increased 51% and 1.5%, respectively with organic growth in both volume and price mix. Our International segment increased net sales 5.5% in Q1 due primarily to the acquisition of Pinnacle. International organic net sales continued to benefit from growth in the snacks and frozen businesses in certain regions. However, the segments organic net sales were down versus plan in prior year due to discrete items in our businesses in Puerto Rico and India. As Sean mentioned, these items shifted the timing of sales previously expected in Q1 to the second half. This timing shift contributed to a decrease of 3% in organic net sales during the quarter. In our Foodservice segment, we made the strategic decision in Q1 to opt out of a lower margin contract, consistent with our value-over-volume strategy. As a result of this decision, Foodservice organic net sales declined 3.2% for the quarter. Reported net sales increased 6.3% during the quarter with the acquisition of Pinnacle adding 15.3% and the sales of Wesson and Trenton subtracting 5.8% from the net sales growth rate. We expect a stronger balance of the year performance from this Foodservice segment with new items coming to market and improved performance from Gardein. Slide 34 outlines Pinnacles fiscal 20 net sales for Q1 versus fiscal year 19 pro forma net sales for the same period. The 9.2% sales decline was largely in line with our expectations. As we increased brand building investments with retailers, eliminated some low-quality promotions and saw some inventory reductions with retailers in advance of implementing new shelf sets. While these dynamics led to a wider than typical difference between shipments and consumption in the quarter, we don't expect this dynamic to continue for the year to go period. Slide 35 outlines the puts and takes of our Q1 adjusted operating margin versus the prior year. It's worth noting that the impact of the Legacy Pinnacle gross profit was a decrease to operating margin of 46 basis points during the quarter versus the prior year. Our Legacy Conagra realized productivity initiatives are progressing as planned and helping to offset inflation, which approximated 2.8% in Q1. We're also seeing a margin benefit of Pinnacle synergies in Q1, particularly in SG&A. Slide 36 outlines the significant progress on Pinnacle synergy capture, which remains on-track in all areas: SG&A, cost of goods sold, and trade spending. We realized approximately $40 million of cost savings in the quarter, which brings total cost synergy capture to approximately $71 million since the closing of the acquisition through the first quarter. We continue to expect synergies to increase throughout fiscal 20. And as previously announced, we expect to achieve the majority of our $285 million in cost synergies related to the transaction by the end of fiscal 20. Moving to slide 37. Conagra's total adjusted operating profit increased 40% in Q1. Our adjusted operating margin came in at 15.7%. Each segments adjusted operating profit benefited from the addition of Pinnacle's profit. The International segment was the only segment to see a decline in adjusted operating profit in the quarter. And that was driven by the impacts of divestitures, unfavorable FX, and the volume impact from the discrete items in the quarter. The Grocery & Snacks segment margin decreased year-over-year. Approximately half of the margin decline was a result of the legacy technical Grocery & Snacks business being dilutive to overall segment gross margin with the rest of the decline coming from inflation and brand investment with retailers, exceeding pricing and realized productivity. The Refrigerated & Frozen segment showed very good margin expansion in the quarter. While the Legacy Pinnacle business was slightly accretive to the segments margins, the segment benefited from strong cost of goods sold realized productivity and synergies in the quarter. The International segments decline in operating margins was primarily attributed to the impact of FX, and the lower margin Pinnacle business being included in the segment. Operating margins improved for the quarter on an organic basis after excluding FX and M&A. Finally, the Foodservice business saw nice margin expansion in the quarter as it continued to execute its value-over-volume strategy. Slide 38 outlines the drivers of our Q1 adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations versus the same period a year ago. As you can see, Conagra's adjusted EPS decreased $0.04. Approximately $0.02 of this decline were from divested businesses, and $0.02 were from a decline in the Ardent Mills joint venture. The increase in adjusted operating profit and taxes, offset the impact of increased interest expense and shares outstanding. Slide 39 summarizes net debt and cash flow information and shows the solid progress we've made over the last four quarters to improve our balance sheet. Compared to the end of Q4 fiscal 19, net debt was approximately flat as we used cash on hand to fund a reduction in gross debt of approximately $150 million during the quarter. This was in line with our expectations given the quarterly seasonality of the business. In total, I'm happy with our progress to-date. Since the close of the Pinnacle acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 19 through the end of the first quarter of fiscal 20, we have reduced gross debt by over $1 billion. And with the recently announced pending divestiture of our DSD snacks business, we'll have some additional cash on hand for debt repayments after we close. As we stated, we don't need divestitures to achieve our deleveraging targets, but they can accelerate our progress. Overall, we remain on schedule with our fiscal 21 target of a net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.6 to 3.5 times. As we've consistently said, we are committed to a solid investment grade credit rating. As noted in our release, we are reaffirming our fiscal 20 guidance. Slide 40 outlines our fiscal 20 outlook across all metrics. Please note that the organic sales growth rate excludes the impacts of fiscal 20s 53rd week. All other metrics on this slide include the impact of the 53rd week. It is also important to note that the financial information included in our presentation today includes the expected full fiscal year results of the DSD snacks business. As disclosed earlier this month, we expect this transaction to close by the end of the calendar year as it remains subject to customary closing conditions. The expected annualized impact from this divestiture is approximately $110 million of net sales and $0.02 of adjusted EPS. I'd also like to highlight that we continue to believe in the planning assumptions that we noted during our Q4 fiscal 19 call. Overall, we see fiscal 20 results being more heavily weighted towards the second half. With respect to our organic net sales growth, our plan calls for higher innovation related investment with retailers during the first half of fiscal 20, with investment peaking in the upcoming second quarter, resulting in expected second quarter gross margin coming in below our Q1 levels. The related sales growth is weighted towards the second half of fiscal 20 as our distribution, trial and repeat builds throughout the year. We expect margins to improve during the second half of fiscal 20. Innovation related investment will be higher in the first half, as I just mentioned. The impact of synergies will also increase as we move through the year, helping margins. We expect Pinnacle to continue to be dilutive to our year-over-year total gross margin until we anniversary the acquisition in late October. Finally, in the second half, we will be lapping the higher levels of interest expense and share count, allowing for easier comparisons. That concludes my remarks. Thank you for listening. I'll now pass it to the operator as Sean, Tom McGough, Darren Serrao and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. And thanks for the questions.
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar: Hey. So, first off, you talk about the -- what you see is still strong momentum in the Legacy frozen business specifically. I guess, in some of the more recent data, we've seen a little bit that both some of the -- on a sequential and sort of two-year basis, some of the trends slow a bit on again those Legacy frozen brands. I guess, what do you attribute this to? And do you expect this to perk up as fiscal 2Q progresses? And if so, what drives that?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Andrew. Let me address that. First, let me give you my perspective on our top-line trends overall. As you heard me say in my prepared remarks, top-line is tracking pretty much how we planned it with the obvious exception being International and Foodservice, which is again timing. Frozen is thriving, snacks is thriving; grocery is on track, navigating some competitive dynamics on a couple of brands, and value-over-volume is doing its thing on Pinnacle. So, one quarter down, we're on track. Now, in Q2, we're investing meaningfully to tee up a terrific innovation slate that will support our strong second half growth. That's always been the plan, and we're excited to see it unfold. What you're seeing much more recently is a function of the fact that we are in a transitionary period at some major customers with respect to new shelf sets in frozen. And we have in fact seen some out of stocks as the new tags are being set. So, to be clear, no drop-off in consumer pull. This is a temporary dynamic; it's fairly typical in -- right in advance of the new shelf sets. And in terms of share of shelf and share of market that we're seeing in the very early days of these new shelf sets, we continue to see positive momentum. So, that bodes well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. That's really helpful on that one. So, thank you for that. And then, I guess lastly, just I wanted to zero in a little bit on the sales bridge for a moment. Specifically price mix, excluding the retailer investments, accelerated significantly from 4Q to 1Q. Retailer investment declined at a greater rate sequentially. I assume some of this is spending against the Hunts and Chef sort of competitiveness and reflected in those retailer sort of spending investment bucket. But, maybe you could talk about that a bit. In other words, I guess, what part of retailer investments is sort of promotions on these brands, maybe versus actual brand building at the point of sale? 
Sean Connolly: I'll give you some big picture on that Andrew. And Dave, fill in any details. When we partner with our customers to drive mental and physical availability on our brands, it's kind of a holistic discussion. Again, it may involve merchandising off the shelf, it may involve pricing incentives. It's the total package. It may involve online programs, things like that. So, that's really a holistic program. But, with respect to Q1, keep in mind, we had particularly strong growth in frozen and in snacks. And part of what drives that growth is the investments that we are making with our retailers. On Hunt's and on Chef, you're really talking more of a Q2 and beyond investment, because those programs are just now hitting the marketplace as we speak. So, that's more of a Q2 and on function than what we saw Q1. Anything I missed there, Dave? 
David Marberger: Yes. Just to add, as you see on the bridge, Andrew, we invested 1.7% of organic net sales in investment in Q1. We do expect that Q2 net level will be higher. And I made that in my comments that will impact Q2 gross margins relative to Q1; and that in the second half, we expect those levels to be lower than the first half.
Operator: The next question today comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Sean, I wanted to ask about the comment that you said, we expect terrific second half growth. I appreciate the reasons why, and you laid them out well. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the distribution part of that. To what extent do you have locked in a lot of these TPD gains for especially the Birds Eye business that you talked about in the second half, or is some of it's still, hey, youre negotiating with your retailers for this shelf space?
Sean Connolly: Ken, we keep a new item tracker on every single new item we have that has our targeted ACV, our targeted TPDs, and then has our progress in terms of what has been accepted and what has not. So, we've got a roadmap. And by now, we have a pretty good handle on what has been accepted, we feel very good about it. That's a large part why we feel so good about the inflection in the back half of the year. It's really the combination of much, much easier comps on a lot of these brands, plus basically the polar opposite of what was happening last year at this time unfolding, where items were coming out that were particularly weak velocity items. Now, we've got our largest slate of innovation yet frankly across the board, not just Legacy Pinnacle and Birds Eye that is hitting the marketplace now through the back half of the year. So, feel very good about customer acceptances and the innovation slate in the back half.
Ken Goldman: And then, I guess, the philosophical question I would have as a follow-up is, you're many, many months into the Pinnacle deal now. You talked, when Pinnacle first started coming in a little bit below your expectations about some of the things that maybe prior management had done that you wouldn't have. In hindsight, is there anything substantial, anything meaningful that you and your team could have done differently or would have done differently? Any learnings from that that you might apply to any future deals that you do, just again, in hindsight with the benefit of 2020 vision?
Sean Connolly: Well, as we've passed through multiple times, after we closed on the deal, we did learn some things about the business that had to be addressed. And our approach is to address them head-on. And we are doing that. And in fact, you can look at the absolute numbers on Pinnacle in the quarter as an example and say, well, how could it be on track? And the short answer to that is, because it is. When we realized that we had to deal with some of these things on the Pinnacle portfolio head-on, we knew right then that we had to execute our value-over-volume playbook. And keep in mind, value-over-volume is about cleaning up and strengthening the base. It may not be pretty optically when you're in the throes of it, particularly when you're in close proximity to the shelf sets and inventories adjust, which is what we saw in Q1. But, it is an absolutely critical step to improving velocities and establishing that stronger foundation on which we can build. And if you look at what we've done on Banquet on Healthy Choice and Marie and now even Wish-Bone, you've got to have the courage of your convictions to build brands the right way for long haul, and we do. So, we definitely had some things unfold on this business that we did not plan for. But, once you're at that point in time, it's really a question of how do you respond to it. And this is how we're responding to it. Not to mention the synergies that we are managing to extract from the combination are proving to be quite attractive.
Operator: The next question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane: So, I guess, a question for me is just around, with a lot of this innovation hitting in the second half of the year, is it -- is the innovation on its own margin accretive, or are you supporting the margins, because you're going to be pulling in more synergies? So, I understand the dynamic with the slotting fees in the second quarter and that might sort of dilute margins initially. But, I was just trying to get an understanding of run rate wise how much -- what the impact of this innovation will have on margins over time?
Sean Connolly: Well, principally, we always aim for margin accretive innovations. Now, that is not always the case. We talked about spiralized as an example over the last several quarters where the Pinnacle organization previously opted out of spiralized, because it would be margin dilutive. That is a kind of an exception, when you have the consumer absolutely demanding an innovation and in the short term, it requires a dilutive gross margin profile, my position is you've got to get in the game. You can cede that beachhead to your competition. So, there will be examples where in the short-term the margins could be dilutive. And certainly in the short-term, you've got some startup investments. We're putting a lot of the startup investments, as an example for -- which will help us in the back half into Q2. But in general, we are looking for margin accretive innovation. And quite frankly, we've been quite successful at that over the last several years. Dave, do you want to add to that?
David Marberger: And Bryan, if you look at Q1, I know it gets a little bumpy with us now having Pinnacle in there. But if you look at Refrigerated & Frozen, and you can see the margin improvement. And you can see that Birds Eye really helps with the overall margins of the segment. And so, with a lot of innovation in Birds Eye, obviously that's margin accretive. And in our snacks business, great margin there on innovation. Its hard because it's combined in a segment that has other businesses with it. So, a big part of our focus is looking at the margins whenever we launch new products.
Sean Connolly: Just one other point on that that's worth the folks on the line keeping in mind is, if you think about the Legacy Conagra portfolio, and even to some degree, the Legacy Pinnacle portfolio, it was heavily skewed toward the value -- or value tier, a value orientation. So, we have been working nonstop for five years to premiumize our Legacy CAG portfolio. We're certainly working now to premiumize the Pinnacle portfolio. And while the old school thinking is that when you add more COGS, your margin comes down, actually weve experienced the opposite. When you build better quality products and better quality packages, you can price for it. And when you can price for it, you can build back not only your margins, but your retailer margins, which we've done. And that's one of the things that has helped our relationships with our retailers to grow progressively stronger over the years.
Operator: Next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the sequential progress of Pinnacle. If I'm looking at that operating margin dilution chart correctly, it said that Pinnacle was dilutive by 10 basis points. And just using that, I get to about $90 million of operating profit for the quarter, which I think is a little bit down from the prior quarter. And then, you said, sales down 9% from prior year. So, is this really in line or was the retailer inventory reductions I guess a little more than you expected? And am I doing the math right?
Sean Connolly: Well, let me take the inventory piece, Rob. And Dave can weigh in on the balance of it. Because it is very consistent with what we expected and it's very consistent with what we've experienced before. And frankly, it's something that -- it's something that we have experienced from time to time on our broader business. So, just a broader comment on this notion of shipments vis--vis consumption. Again, Dave add any more detail. I want to remind you, our business historically shows shipments and consumption track pretty closely together. But, from time to time, they will diverge. And in our case, if you see that divergence, it's likely tied to one of four factors. One is value-over-volume driven reductions in retailer inventories. And this is because when SKUs get eliminated, so do the safety stocks on those items. And it usually occurs in close proximity to shelf resets. And that's what we saw in Q1 on Pinnacle. As you saw, consumption was tracking on Pinnacle very consistently with where we've had it in that 4 to 4.5 -- down 4.5% range. The second factor is increased brand building investments with retailers that are accounted for above the line. And in Q1, we saw that on both Pinnacle and on legacy CAG. The third occurrence where you might see the divergence is when we take deliberate actions that you can't see in the scanner data. We did this in Q1 on legacy CAG because we exited some private label products that were not the margin profile we liked. And then, the fourth factor when youd see it is declines in unmeasured channels. And we saw a bit of that in Q1 on our Duke's brand tied to the supply chain disruption we experienced in Q4 and recovering from that, but that root cause is behind us. We expect normal distribution to be in marketplace on that business in the second half. So, we saw some divergence both in our grocery snacks business and in the Pinnacle business. It's not typical for us. But, when it happens, its tied to those four things. And we can bridge those out. And every element of it makes sense with how we anticipate it to fold out. Importantly, we don't expect shipments to lag consumptions in the year ago period, the way they did in Q1, either on Legacy Pinnacle or our Grocery & Snacks business.
David Marberger: Yes. And just to add, Robert. When you look on the operating margin bridge, which is one of the things you're referring to, we do show that Pinnacle's 46 basis points dilutive, and that's just to demonstrate that -- and this was when we reported Pinnacle separate last year, you could see the Pinnacle gross margins are below the overall Legacy Conagra gross margin. So, by bringing that business in is to show that it's dilutive. But, what gets a little complicated now that the synergies coming in and SG&A going out, a kind of standalone Pinnacle at this point is really not relevant. We're not reporting it that way. But, that's just to show that the gross margins for Pinnacle coming in are lower than overall company average, which is what you saw at the end of last year.
Robert Moskow: So, just to follow up, Dave, this 46 basis points, does that include the benefit of the synergies or is that separate from the synergies?
David Marberger: Yes. It's a good question. It includes some benefit, the way that we actually capture a synergy and unallocated it, some of it can go to a Pinnacle item, some of it can go to Legacy CAG. Right? So, if it's in procurement and you're able to get a benefit of reducing your overall buy on a certain ingredient, it may benefit the ingredients that you use on Conagra products and Pinnacle products. Right? So, that synergy gets allocated. So, some of its in there, but not all of it.
Operator: The next question today comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: You mentioned that brand building will be outsized in fiscal 2Q and the impact will be greater to gross margin than in the first quarter. I guess, I'm most curious about the magnitude of that increase. And just to be clear, is it largely going to be contra revenue and gross margin hit rather than a traditional advertising and consumer marketing expense?
Sean Connolly: Well, first of all, welcome back, David. Good to have you on the line. Yes. The answer is yes to your question. This is -- the way to think about this is we've got -- both in Q2, you see some Birds Eye stuff, that's recently hit the marketplace in the back half of the year, we have a ton of stuff hitting the marketplace. We've got to tee that up to get this kind of shelving we want, the eye level placement we want. Basically, all the awareness drivers have to get in place and then the trial drivers get in place. And we're doing a lot of that as we've done consistently over the last couple years in store because we find it far more effective in spotlighting our new items than running TV commercials at 3 o'clock in the morning, as an example. So, that does hit add a peak in Q2 and it is a central piece of making sure we've got that buzz out there in advance of when we expect to see the takeaway kick in, which is in the back half of the year.
David Palmer: And then, just on frozen, the frozen business, in the quarter, and I think you touched on it that the shipments were less than consumption. And perhaps that was somewhat the reshelving that's happening rather than some trade inventory dislocation, because Nestl shifted out of DSD into warehouse that was a little bit of a concern. So, maybe you can clarify that. And then, also, I know that when you did some of your more rapid innovation periods past, particularly when you did bowls, which were a premium offering, that was perhaps not as incremental, the shelf as you would have liked or thought as some of the retailers instead replaced some of your lower priced, older varieties. So, I'm wondering if you're making adjustments this time around to make sure you get that incremental shelf as you put out these new varieties. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: All right. So, there's a lot in there. Let me try to hit the piece there. First of all, in terms of some inventory reductions at retailers, it's really not a lot noteworthy in frozen. It was really a concept around the Legacy Pinnacle business and value-over-volume and a bit of the Grocery & Snacks business that I already talked. With respect to the shelf and the dynamics with customers right now, I would say, these are certainly very dynamic times, but our relationship with customers is very strong. And I feel very good about the progress we're making in terms of getting new items on the shelf. Certainly creating space for new items always starts with us proactively spotlighting our own items that need to come out. That's kind of value-over-volume. And in the simplest sense, our customers want to grow and they understand that their shoppers demand modern products. And our innovation capabilities are clearly well respected with our customers as we drive growth in their priority categories of the innovation. So, they continue to embrace our innovation. We are also working very collaboratively with many of our traditional customers though to help them navigate their exploding e-commerce business, particularly the in-store pickup piece or what some people call click and collect. And what we're doing with them there is trying to create more holding capacity within the store for top movers, think of that as high velocity items. And the reason we're doing that is to avoid out of socks, because they not only have their old foot traffic on the ground, now they've got all the people that are doing click and collect and doing pickups. So, you've got to create more holding power on those high velocity items. And that's particularly important in space constraint spaces like frozen where you would seen and we'll continue to see the actual number of TPDs coming down. But, I think, it is critically important, you don't confuse that TPD read with linear feet of shelf space being reduced, because that is not happening. In frozen single-serve meals as an example, we actually see real estate expanding. TPDs are coming down intentionally collaboratively with us and our customers. We have to have more holding power on our high velocity stuff because that leads to better sales and those are the things that really turn. But, it's a more limited assortment with more facings for big brands that have high velocities and those are brands like ours.
Operator: The next question today comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: I just had a question for you, if I could, first on this -- the drag on volume from Foodservice and International. It looks like it was about half of the volume decline, if Im calculating that properly. I don't know if you quantify that exactly, but that's what I got came out. Does the remainder of that drag then on volume -- it looks like it mostly came from the grocery division. Does that -- is that what you expect to improve in the second quarter as you think about some of those investments youre making?
Sean Connolly: Yes. The grocery piece, as I said in our prepared remarks, the decline in grocery was planned; it was highly focused on the two brands we discussed. And that is where -- we planned it that way because we didn't put the action plan in place until the very end of the quarter which really impacts Q2. And that's pretty much how it's played out. So, while it is early days on those action plans, you could see some of the numbers that we showed you today. We do like the traction we see. And those typically are very responsive brands. They are number one market share brands. When we're fully competitive, we tend to move a lot of volume. So, that's what we expect to improve as we move through Q2.
Chris Growe: And then, just to be clear on that Foodservice and International drag, does that get better in Q2 or is that more just better than -- does that continue in Q2 and better in the second half?
David Marberger: Yes, Chris. So, the biggest driver in the first quarter was the timing of sales, both in India and Puerto Rico. So, assistance programs in Puerto Rico were delayed in the quarter and that had a significant impact on our export shipments in our sales. And shipment patterns changed certain sales in India which caused timing shifts between quarters as well. So, we expect these businesses to remain on track to plan for the full year. That's just a timing push for international.
Chris Growe: So, a push into 2Q or a push into second half?
David Marberger: Year to go.
Chris Growe: Okay, got it. And a just one quick one, if I could, on the innovation costs. Are those -- is that reflected in your retailer investment category you still do in the sales breakdown? Is that what we should see some of these incremental costs coming through in Q2 for the new products?
David Marberger: Yes. So, when you talk about innovation, if you are talking about the cost to get to market and distribution, yes, you will see that above the line. There is obviously all the developmental costs of innovation, R&D and manufacturing resources and test runs and all that. And all of that hits in SG&A or cost of goods sold. But the actual distribution commercialization push with the customer is above the line.
Chris Growe: Slotting fees for example as well would be in there. Right?
David Marberger: Right.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: So, the question, Sean, one of the feedbacks Ive gotten -- received this morning is that there's a little bit of a disconnect between I guess where you guys had planned internally for sales were seem to be online as you say, and externally just having it down 1.7%. How do we think about the trajectory of the business for Q2 through the balance of the year for some of your investors who want to kind of be more aligned and familiar with what you are planning internally for how that business rebounds? Clearly, you're emphasizing the back half. But, do we see directional progress in Q2 to get halfway there, I mean, like closer to flat territory for your organic sales? Just help us understand kind of that shipment aligning versus consumption as we move through the back half.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Steve, one of the reasons why I think consensus was a little farther off with our internal plans because we don't guide to the quarter, and we're not going to guide to the quarter, but we want to be helpful in getting the shape of the curve right. And I think the message today is quarter one is on track. The back half we're counting on being big in terms of growth. And Q2 is really a quarter that sets up the back half in terms of investment, which is why Dave made the comments on gross margin that we've got, because we've got some contra gross margin and contra net sales investments hitting in Q2. So, that suggests that the real inflection that we're going to see is really coming in the back half of the year. Dave, do you want to...
David Marberger: Yes. Just to add, and here again, we don't guide quarterly. But to give a little bit more context, you should see sequential improvement in organic net sales from Q1 to Q2, and then improvement from Q2 to the second half to get to our full year outlook of 1% to 1.5%.
Steve Strycula: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, Sean, for clarification, I think going back to Andrew Lazar's question and I think maybe Palmer's question, but your frozen piece of the business for Legacy Conagra, it seems like you have confidence that that is in intact. And would you say that because we see -- we're paying attention to the distribution losses and as its tracked in Nielsen, you're saying that is kind of a -- that's a little bit misleading? Could you kind of like run through that one more time? And Dave, can you confirm on the $40 million synergies, whether that's a net or gross number? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes. So, let me try to simplify frozen. There's a lot going on right now in frozen. Dynamic times, we've got shelf sets being kind of reshuffled at major customers. Big part of that is to accommodate this whole higher holding capacity on high velocity items to support the click and collect business, which by the way, is not just a customer priority, it's our priority. Our sales look better when we've got more holding power on high velocity items. So, a lot of dynamics going on. Within that, in space constrained spaces, you may and likely will see TPDs coming down. And I think this is important because sometimes TPDs are assumed as a proxy of real estate, and it is not an accurate proxy of real estate, where actually, as I pointed out, single-serve meals is growing in real estate, but it's -- we're getting more facings on high velocity items. So, a lot of this is happening right now as we speak. And not only I'm very pleased with leading up to those shelf planogram change with how we perform, because if you look at our data, our sales are the best in the industry, our share of shelf is the best in the industry, and no one else is even remotely close. So, that's good. And then, as we see the new planograms unfold, I continue -- even though we've had some near-term out-of-stocks in the shelf that is getting reset, I continue to see positive things in terms of our overall market shares and our overall share of shelf within the new shelf sets. So, nothing but -- it's dynamic times, but nothing has changed in terms of the consumer pull and the appeal of our brands to consumers and customers alike.
David Marberger: And Steve, to your second question, it is a net number.
Operator: The last question today comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: I guess, I'll jump off of the net synergy number. Congratulations by the way on net synergy realization, impressive uptick from the run rate you guys finished last year. Is the full year number of 130 still the right way to think about it,, given the pace you're running at right out of the gates here? And if you could remind me, is that 130 -- is that a cumulative number for the full year, or is that incremental over and above the $31 million you realized in fiscal 19?
David Marberger: Yes, Jason. So, let me -- let me take it from the top. We're obviously very pleased with the progress we're making with synergies. We're focused on it. We track it closely. In the first quarter, we delivered $40 million in synergies. About two-thirds of that was SG&A, which is what we expected. We're still estimating the total synergies of 285 through fiscal 22. One quarter under our belt still early in the year. So, well provide an update at the end of the second quarter on exactly where we see synergies coming in for the full year. We had said previously that we would be at 55% of total synergies by the end of fiscal 20. We're going to update that at the end of the second quarter as we continue to see our progress. In terms of cost to achieve, just to hit that, that's $87 million program to-date, we're still on track with the $320 million through fiscal 22.
Jason English: Awesome, I appreciate the incremental detail there. And then, one more, I guess sort of a multilayer question. First, the step-up in trade spend, I totally understand how that's going to our retailer market. I totally understand how that contra revenue is going to weigh on price realization in margins next quarter. But, it sounds like we should be expecting a nice little volume response on grocery. And then, we've got these international issues, which sound like they were kind of isolated. Those go away. And I imagine a lot of your activation on frozen, while you're not going to see the consumption ramp for some time, it sounds like it's been accompanied by the distribution build. So, we should at least still expect some degree of pipeline fill. So as I stack those up and I contemplate the shape of how year progresses, while organic may not really accelerate in earnest for the back half, is it fair to say we may actually see some real evidence of the uptick coming through in earnest on the volume line in the next quarter?
Sean Connolly: Well, on the volume line, you are going to see volume diverge obviously from sales, because the contra net sales items are really about setting it up. So, there will be some new items that are going to build momentum in the second quarter volumetrically. The net sales piece of it you're going to see inflect more in the back half of the year.
Jason English: Got it. Yes. So, it sounds like we will see some evidence at least building in volume, a little earlier than the back half, which would obviously be encouraging.
David Marberger: Yes. With organic, as I said, Q2, we expect to be better than Q1; and then, the second half to be better than Q2. So, thats sales but obviously with the higher investment in there. You can do the math on volume.
Sean Connolly: And part of that Jason is, the gap between shipments and consumption on Pinnacle in Q1 is -- again, that is a typical thing in close proximity to the shelf resets. Those are basically unfolding now. So, on a year-to-go basis, we don't expect to see that kind of lag. And that will begin here as we go into Q2. And thats the volume piece of it.
Jason English: Got it. So, there could be some bleed over that issue into Q2, which we should contemplate then, if it's ongoing now, fair to say?
Sean Connolly: I wouldn't say it's a straight line for the balance of the year. But, over the course of the year-to-go period, we don't expect there to be a lag between shipments and consumption.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. So, as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-06-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during today's call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales growth, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, Conagrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making references to total Conagra Brands as well as Legacy Conagra Brands. References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the recently acquired Pinnacle Foods business. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. We have a lot discuss. So, lets start with what I want you to take away from today. First, we remain confident that we will deliver long-term value by continuing to implement the Conagra Way to profitable growth. Our unwavering commitment to the Conagra Way will serve both, legacy Conagra and Pinnacle well into the future. Fiscal 2019 was a year of remarkable transition. We did a major deal that required more attention than originally anticipated, but Im pleased to report that we continue to make progress stabilizing the Pinnacle business. Weve hit several key integration milestones and our deleveraging initiative is on track. As you saw in our release this morning, our Q4 results were disappointing. This was largely due to discrete issues on a few businesses as a result of non-economic behavior from competitors as well as unfavorable market conditions for our Ardent Mills joint venture. These issues accelerated late in the quarter and we see them as transitory headwinds. Now, I'm going to unpack the drivers of our Q4 performance in a moment, but before I do, I want to comment on the year, because fiscal 2019 -- in fiscal 2019, we took several very important steps, both organic and inorganic to enhance the long-term health of our business. These will help us play offense in fiscal 2020 as we bring to market another robust slate of on-trend innovation. That innovation is also a major factor in reiterating our earnings guidance and increasing our organic growth guidance for fiscal 2020. Dave will provide more guidance information later. Ill wrap up by sharing some thoughts on our opportunities within plant-based meat-alternatives. Now that we own Gardein, we are very well positioned to capitalize on the explosive growth in this exciting space. So, before I jump into the details of the quarter, I want to frame up the big picture. Fiscal 2019 was transformative for us and we made very good progress securing our foundation during the year. We significantly advanced the Conagra Way playbook by deploying our principles across the portfolio. Our principals dictate that its important to be lean, so you can be agile but that you cant cut your way to prosperity. Growth is essential and not all growth is equal. The consumer has to be top of mind and innovation capability counts. Fiscal 2019 also brought the launch of our largest innovation slate to-date along with an emphasis on supporting our brands with efficient marketing programs. As a result, you can see, weve had sustained consumption growth over the past two years. We also delivered organic net sales growth for the second year in a row. Our disciplined approach to innovation and brand building, particularly across our frozen and snacking portfolios is paying off. The result has provided us with a rock solid foundation from which to deliver on our new, long-term growth algorithm. Our successful completion of the Pinnacle Foods acquisition during the year accelerated the next wave of change at Conagra. Pinnacle was an obvious fit that increased our scale, enhanced our frozen platform, and added leading iconic brands in attractive categories. Weve made tremendous progress integrating the businesses, realizing synergies and positioning Pinnacles Big Three brands for a return to growth. We also continued to reshape our overall portfolio for better growth and better margins during fiscal 19 by divesting non-core assets. Lets take a closer look at the Pinnacle business. Starting with the integration on slide nine, we achieved a critical milestone at the end of the fiscal year. We successfully transitioned Pinnacles legacy order-to-cash and financial ERP systems on to Conagras SAP platform. This took a tremendous effort by the integration team and it went off without a hitch. In fact, across the board, the integration continues to run smoothly, and our synergy capture remains on schedule. Since the transaction closed in late October, we have recognized $31 million of synergies. From a balance sheet perspective, I'm pleased to report that we remain on track with our deleveraging plan, having reduced debt by $450 million in the fourth quarter and $886 million from the close of the acquisition through the end of the fiscal year. We remain fully committed to achieving our goal of a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 3.6 to 3.5 times in fiscal 2021 and maintaining a solid investment grade credit rating. Turning to business performance. The Legacy Pinnacle business came in at the high end of our net sales guidance, and operating profit expectations in the quarter. I'm very happy to report that Big Three brands, Birds Eye, Wish-Bone and Duncan Hines all progressed toward stabilization in Q4. We've begun to implement our value-over-volume playbook with the Pinnacle portfolio, and overall, we feel good about our progress just seven months after closing this major strategic acquisition. As expected, the implementation of our value-over-volume approach resulted in short-term sales declines as we pruned the low performing SKUs to clear the decks for our new innovations. The good news is that the products in the market are performing well. The increase in base sales velocities, as shown in the graphic on the right demonstrate that our approach is working. We're building a stronger base on which to layer new innovations coming to the market later this year. Let's move on to the Legacy Conagra business. While were confident in our long-term trajectory and that fiscal 2019 overall positions us well for the future, our financial results for Q4 did not meet our expectations. Our Q4 results were hampered by several unique items, each of which we will unpack for you today. Q4 organic net sales growth in the Legacy Conagra business missed our guidance by 240 basis points, which equates to about $43 million. The unexpected items that drove this shortfall included negative impacts of intensified promotional competition in our Hunts, Chef Boyardee and Marie Callender's businesses. This drove about three-fourth of our sales miss this quarter. We view this as a transitory renting of market share that happens from time to time. We are not going to let these near-term events disrupt our disciplined approach to brand building. We also experienced some unexpected manufacturing and co-packer related challenges in the quarter. These issues were one-off in nature and have been addressed. Our EPS miss was primarily due to these items combined with weak performance in our Ardent Mills joint venture during the quarter, driven by lower than expected wheat prices and a lack of market volatility. Let's take a closer look at how this merchandising dynamic affected our Marie Callender's brand. Fiscal 19 was an important year for Marie Callender's as we undertook significant changes to modernize the brand and improve profitability. These changes included adding modern attributes and flavor profiles with simplified, higher quality ingredients, transitioning from trays to bowls, rightsizing portions and optimizing lower performing SKUs. As a result of these changes, the underlying brand health is far better, and our new Marie Callender's items have significantly higher velocities than the meals they replaced. Unfortunately, some of our competitors took a different approach in recent months and prioritized short-term growth via heavy promotion. Slide 14 highlights one example, where our competitor's product was discounted to drive significant incremental or promoted growth. As we move through the fourth quarter, our competition became more aggressive on price and displaced some of the very valuable merchandising support that we had anticipated for Marie Callender's. We don't believe that the short-term renting of our market share is a sustainable way to compete. Well stay true to the Conagra Way playbook and our principled approach. Holding fast to principles can be difficult, especially when competitors are making different choices and heading down a path that could be viewed as profitless prosperity. We will not adopt a volume over value approach here and will not return to the old habit that we worked so hard to eradicate. But, we may from time to time take short-term actions to protect our share as we look to continue to build for the long term. We also experienced some unanticipated effects of our disciplined approach to pricing in our grocery portfolio. As you can see on slide 15, the cost of steel cans increased 14% year-over-year. As we took inflation justified pricing on Hunt's and Chef Boyardee to partially offset the increased cost, we experienced higher than expected volume declines. In our Hunts canned tomato business, our pricing actions translated to shelf price increases. Last quarter, we said that we saw a competition announcing price increases and you can see that reflected in the all other increase of 4.5%. But, what we did not anticipate is that private label would stay flat and in some instances actually decrease price. By the end of the quarter, price gaps were simply too wide for consumers to ignore and we lost volume. Similarly, on Chef Boyardee, we took price increases throughout the year. In Q4, the elasticity impacts of these increases were exacerbated by a decrease in merchandising support that was beyond our expectations. Each of these brands, Marie Callender's, Hunts and Chef Boyardee has a leadership role in its respective category. When on-shelf price gaps grow too wide or merchandising becomes uncompetitive, volume can be impacted quickly and significantly in the short-term windows and that was the case in Q4. In response, we will not change our principles. We continue to believe that profitable growth is key. And historically, aggressive pricing actions have proven to be unsustainable. But, we will remain agile in the face of hyper-promotional behavior by the competition and well tactical defend our share where it makes sense. Our second transitory factor that impacted us in Q4 was manufacturing and co-packer issues. P.F. Changs, Dukes, and Peter Pan were affected by isolated production challenges during the quarter. Importantly, we are confident that we have the right resources in place to manage food safety and quality issues across the enterprise. Root cause for each of these issues has been identified and properly addressed and the related customer service disruptions have been corrected and restored. Finally, our Q4 EPS was also impacted by weakness in the Ardent Mills joint venture. Ardent Mills profit eroded during the quarter, lower than anticipated wheat prices and reduced volatility in the wheat markets negatively impacted Ardents results. Q4 presented a variety of headwinds to navigate. Ultimately our results did not meet our expectations. But, we were not thrown off course. While we had our challenges, there were also clear signs of continued progress during the quarter. With respect to our Legacy Conagra business, Q4 saw a continuation of the strong performance in our snacks business and positive results from frozen single-serve meals that we have talked about all year. We also delivered solid performance in our international and foodservice segments during the quarter. Finally, we over-delivered on our free cash flow target for the year and remain on track with our deleveraging goals. Dave will add more detail on our strong cash flow during his remarks. Slide 19 shows the continued growth in total sales and average weekly TPDs in our frozen single-serve meals portfolio. Notably, in Q4, we lapped the 13% growth we delivered in Q4 fiscal 2018, which was one of the best quarters we've ever had in frozen single-serve meals. We still delivered nearly 6% growth on top of that this quarter. So, as we look at the continuing trends in our sales in this key category as well as the trends in TPEs, we're very pleased with our progress. Our approach is not only having a positive impact on our results, it's also driving overall category growth in frozen single-serve meals. Our competition is aware of this growth, and they certainly want in on the action. We believe it's part of why we're seeing some of the unsustainable promotional activity. Our strategy is not driven by price, but a rigorous approach to modernizing and premiumizing our brand through renovation and innovation. You can see on slide 21 that our innovation is driving growth and performing far better than that of our key competitors. Let's turn to our snacks business, which continues to exceed our expectations. Slide 22 details the growth we delivered in Q4, which included contributions from every key snacking vertical, popcorn, meat snacks, sweet treats, and seeds. Overall, retail dollar sales in our Legacy Conagra snacking portfolio grew 12.6% on a two-year basis in the fourth quarter. You can see a sustained improvement in our performance, following last year's NACS show where we unveiled our new approach to snacks. Our international segment performed extremely well throughout fiscal 19 and in the fourth quarter in particular. These strong results have been driven by our successful efforts to reinvent frozen meals in Canada, drive snacks growth in Mexico, modernize iconic brands internationally and implement our value-over-volume strategy to realize the power of our strong brand equities. The continued execution of our value-over-volume strategy also benefited our foodservice segment in the quarter. We're continuing to build a higher quality revenue base in our foodservice segment and accomplishing considerable margin expansion. I next want to spend some time previewing our robust innovation slate for fiscal 2020. Slide 26 shows just some of the frozen innovation we have in store for this year. Yet again, well be delivering products with modern brand attributes, simplified labels and ingredients and bold flavor profiles. Retailers have responded very well to these products, some of which will start shipping soon. We expect to see these products reaching the marketplace in the first half of fiscal 2020 and hitting their full stride in the second half. We have plans to continue to build upon our snacking success in fiscal 2020 with the launch of our strongest line-up of snacking innovation to-date. That includes these provocative new meat snacks with bold flavors, new forms and optimized price pack architecture. Were also launching our salty snacks into neglected and growing coves of the market, where we can extend our brands through innovation. We are reframing our sweet treats brands to unlock significant growing demand spaces that meet modern trends. We're reinvigorating snack pack and reaching out to Hispanic audiences with products like the co-branded Fanta jells you see here. With this innovation, we clearly have confidence that our snacking portfolio will maintain its momentum in fiscal 2020. We also have big plans for the Pinnacle portfolio. You can see some of those upcoming innovations on slide 30. We believe we have a tremendous opportunity to contemporize our newly acquired leadership brands to capitalize on key growth targets. One area of the Pinnacle portfolio where we now see far greater growth and innovation opportunities than previously forecast is the Gardein brand. I'm sure you've seen all the recent attention on the plant-based meat-alternative space. We think there's no brand that better illustrates the enormous long-term opportunity ahead than Gardein, a real jewel in the portfolio that we haven't spent a lot of time talking to you about or capitalizing on in market. Gardein has a solid presence in foodservice and a leadership role in plant-based meat-alternatives at retail. Here's how we're thinking about this exciting, high-growth space between now and fiscal 2022. We start by sizing the total opportunity. Based on our analysis of product substitution in other categories, almond milk for cow's milk as an example, we can reasonably predict the opportunity for plant-based meat-alternatives. And here's where it gets really exciting. Because the opportunity shouldn't be viewed as just a percentage of fresh meat, we think the opportunity is a percentage of all foods that contain meat. Based on this view, our analysis shows that plant-based meat-alternatives could achieve a 15% share of both of these market segments. That means the opportunity here could be in the range of $30 billion, just in the U.S. And you know, there's even more opportunity internationally. So, the financials are compelling. I think, many of you may be surprised by the numbers on slide 33, showing just how large the Gardein brand is already. It has quadrupled in size over the past four years, and is now the second largest brand in the meat-alternative space with annual sales of more than $170 million at retail and across foodservice channels. Importantly, we will be well-positioned to support continued growth because we have new capacity coming on line in the coming months. These expanded resources are already well underway, and we expect them to be operational in the fall of 2019. And we anticipate that capacity will be used to produce more than just burgers. While plant-based burgers are getting a lot of press these days, it's instructive to take a step back and look at what's really going on in meat consumption. Slide 35 outlines overall consumption of animal proteins. The numbers to the right of the bars demonstrate the average annual number of meals eaten per person by type of animal proteins. As you can see, burgers are important, but this market extends well beyond beef patties or even beef. Chicken is by far the most popular animal protein in the U.S., both in home and away from home. I would also highlight the significant consumption of pork, hotdogs and fish. Importantly, eating occasions for animal proteins cover all day parts. Our view is that the relative size of animal protein consumption serves as a useful guide for how to think about the market opportunity for plant-based alternatives. And if you're wondering whether chicken eaters are really interested in trying plant-based alternatives, the answer is clearly yes. Slide 36 focuses just on the plant-based meat alternative space within the retail channel. As you can see here, plant-based alternatives to beef are the largest protein alternative today, driven by the fact that products like veggie burgers have been available at retail for a long time. However, alternatives to chicken have built a substantial beachhead, and this space is the fastest growing plant-based alternative by far. We believe that over the next several years, Gardein is extremely well-positioned to capitalize on the rapid growth of plant-based meat-alternatives. The brand already provides a diversified portfolio of products, particularly in the under-appreciated alternative to chicken segment. And if theres a segment of the meat space that consumers care about, theres a good chance that Gardein is already there or will be soon with a deliciously meat-free product. This includes offerings across all day parts. Were also going to expand Gardeins reach. Gardein is well established and well known but we see plenty of opportunities to grow this brand. First up is an improved burger. Gardeins current burger platform is underdeveloped. And we are in a process of creating a next generation of beefless burger to better compete in this popular segment. As we do this, we expect accelerated growth at retail and in foodservice. But, we also plan to compete across the important hotdog and sausage categories. We believe the winner in each of these categories will have the best taste, appearance and aroma, which is what were focusing on delivering across our plant-based alternative portfolio. What we believe Conagra can do better than anyone else is leverage iconic brands, superior culinary capabilities, and proven innovation muscle to reach consumers across multiple categories in plant-based protein. During our Investor Day, you heard me talk about a key tenet of the Conagra Way to profitable growth. Iconic brands, plus modern attributes equals superior velocities, and that formula is perfect for this space. Across foodservice and retail channels of trade, we believe that Conagra Brands, leveraging and co-branded with Gardein is ideally positioned. We have the best culinary capability, differentiated packaging, and the broadest portfolio of power brands to leverage. Gardein contributes the modern benefit. Overall, were excited about the opportunities in plant-based meat-alternatives. This together with our entire innovation pipeline will help us reach our long-term algorithm. Looking ahead, we remain confident that well continue to deliver quality long-term growth at Conagra by implementing the Conagra Way and prioritizing value-over-volume. We will continue to introduce on-trend innovation to the marketplace; well also continue to execute our Pinnacle action plan including leveraging the Gardein brand to tap into the plant-based meat-alternative opportunity. We expect the market will continue to be highly dynamic. We will need to stay both principle-based and agile as we remain committed to delivering our guidance and navigate a dynamic marketplace. But notwithstanding a difficult Q4, were confident that we will meet our fiscal 2020 guidance and deliver on our long-term goals. With that, Ill turn it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. This morning, Ill walk through Q4 and fiscal year 2019 for both the Legacy Conagra and Pinnacle businesses before we open it up for questions. Slide 42 outlines our performance for the quarter and the full fiscal year. Ill walk through more detail in a moment but Ill start here by hitting the key points. Compared to the year-ago period, net sales for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year were up 32.9% and 20.2%, respectively, primarily reflecting the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods. Organic net sales excluding Trenton were down 0.7% for the quarter. While the quarter did not come in as we expected, we believe the issues in the quarter are transitory, as Sean discussed, and do not impact our fiscal year 20 guidance or long-term algorithm. Despite the Q4 challenges, we delivered organic net sales growth of 0.3% for the fiscal year, which is above last year's organic growth rate. Adjusted operating profit was up 25.7% in the fourth quarter and up 23.4% for the full year. These increases are primarily driven by the inclusion of Pinnacle's profit. A few points on margins. Our fourth quarter adjusted operating margin was 13.2% and full year was 15.4%, up 40 basis points versus the prior year, and above our guidance range. While adjusted gross margin decreased for the full year, adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points. This relationship reflects the gross margin impact of our ongoing shift of marketing investments from A&P to above-the-line retailer marketing, as well as leverage at the SG&A line where we have benefited from our commitment to a lean operating environment and Pinnacle synergies. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased 22.2% versus the previous year, while full fiscal year adjusted EBITDA rose 16.7% to approximately $1.9 billion, reflecting the inclusion of approximately seven months of Pinnacle's results. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.36 for the quarter, down 28% from the prior year. For the full year, adjusted diluted EPS was $2.01, down 4.7% as the Q4 transitory items and the shortfall in Ardent Mills negatively impacted our performance versus expectations. Slide 43 outlines the drivers of our fourth quarter and full year net sales changes versus the same periods a year ago. It should be noted that for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, we saw improvements in price mix, even after taking into account our increases in retailer investments to support brand building. Slide 44 provides a summary of net sales by segment for the quarter and fiscal year 2019. For the quarter, grocery and snacks net sales and organic net sales declined 7.1% and 2.5% respectively, as the divestiture of the Wesson oil business subtracted 460 basis points from the net sales growth rate. Despite continued strong end-market performance by our snacking businesses, net sales were impacted by the Q4 transitory items Sean discussed. For the full fiscal year, grocery and snacks organic net sales remained largely in line with the prior year. The refrigerated and frozen segment continued to benefit from innovation during Q4 across multiple brands, including Banquet, Healthy Choice, Marie Callender's and Reddi-wip. However, these benefits were more than offset by lower-than-expected merchandising support on Marie Callender's, the P.F. Changs manufacturing challenges that resulted in a recall and to a lesser extent, continued declines in certain refrigerated businesses. These headwinds led to a decrease in reported and organic net sales in Q4. For the full year however, the segment reported good growth, with net sales and organic net sales of 1.9% and 0.9%, respectively. As Sean mentioned, the implementation of our Conagra playbook led to improved results in international for the quarter and full year. The segments fourth quarter reported numbers were impacted by the divestitures of the Canadian Del Monte business and Wesson oil business, which combined to reduce the net sales growth rate by approximately 10.2%. The segment was also negatively impacted 2.8% by foreign exchange. Notwithstanding these factors, internationals organic net sales were up 5.6% for the quarter, and up 3.7% for the full-year. For the quarter, the foodservice segments reported and organic net sales were down 12.6% and 0.6%, respectively. The sale of the Trenton facility and divestiture of the Wesson oil business reduced the net sales growth rate by 12% in the aggregate. The segments Q4 organic net sales results reflect continued execution of our value-over-volume strategy and the impact of inflation justified pricing. Volume declined 5.9% in the quarter, but price mix increased 5.3%. Organic net sales were down 2.7% for the full year. Pinnacle sales for the quarter and full fiscal year were $756 million and $1.7 billion respectively, in line with our expectations for the quarter and full year.  Slide 45 outlines the puts and takes on our Q4 and full year adjusted gross margin versus the prior year. It's important to keep in mind that for Q4, the 1% benefit you see on the left side of the page includes a headwind of approximately 50 basis points related to the isolated manufacturing challenges and recalls we experienced during the quarter. Moving to slide 46, you can see that Legacy Conagra adjusted operating profit decreased 9.2% during the quarter, and Legacy Conagras adjusted operating margin was 13.4%. Total adjusted operating profit including Pinnacle increased 25.7% in Q4. In the grocery and snacks segment, adjusted operating profit was down in Q4 due to the loss of profit associated with the divestiture of the Wesson oil business, as well as higher transportation and packaging costs, primarily in metal packaging. The grocery and snacks segment was also negatively impacted by the manufacturing challenges we faced in the quarter. The refrigerated and frozen segments adjusted operating profit decreased 6.1% in Q4. Realized productivity improvements were offset by lower net sales, in part due to the manufacturing and merchandising impacts we discussed earlier, as well as higher transportation and input costs. The foodservice segments adjusted operating profit increased 4% in Q4, while operating margin expanded to 12.2%, due to the impacts of favorable price mix, supply chain realized productivity and the sale of the lower margin business produced in our Trenton facility. Pinnacles adjusted operating profit, including the corporate expense related to Pinnacle, totaled $95 million for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 12.6%, in line with our expectations. On slide 47, you can see that Legacy Conagra adjusted operating profit increased 1.2% for the full year and Legacy Conagras adjusted operating margin increased by 43 basis points to 15.4%. The Pinnacle segments adjusted operating profit totaled $264 million and adjusted operating margin was 15.3%, above our fiscal year 19 guidance range of 14.6% to 14.9%. Total Conagra adjusted operating profit was up 23.4% versus a year ago and adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, above our fiscal year 19 guidance range of 14.9% to 15.2%. Slide 48 outlines the drivers of our adjusted EPS decrease versus Q4 a year ago. As you can see, Legacy Conagra adjusted EPS decreased $0.07, approximately $0.02 of this decline was from divested businesses, $0.02 was from the manufacturing challenges discussed, $0.02 was from a larger than expected decline in Ardent Mills and $0.02 was from lower pension and postretirement service income resulting from fully funding the pension plan in fiscal 18, which we have now wrapped as we head into fiscal 20. The Pinnacle acquisition reduced total company adjusted EPS by $0.07 during the quarter. Slide 49 outlines the drivers of our 4.7% decrease in full year adjusted EPS versus a year ago. Adjusted EPS for Legacy Conagra increased $0.04 for the year, despite $0.08 of headwinds from the reduced pension retirement service income I just mentioned, and $0.06 of headwinds Ardent Mills. The Pinnacle acquisition reduced total company adjusted EPS by $0.14 for fiscal 2019. Slide 50 summarizes net debt and cash flow information and demonstrates the clear progress we continue to make in enhancing our overall financial position this year. Overall, we remain on schedule with our fiscal 21 target of a net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA ratios of 3.6 to 3.5 times. Between the close of the Pinnacle acquisition in Q2, and fiscal year end, we reduced total debt by $886 million. And our estimated ratio for pro forma net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.88 times as of the end of fiscal 19. For the full fiscal year, Conagra generated $761 million of free cash flow, exceeding our guidance of $700 million. As we consistently state, we are committed to solid investment grade credit ratings. As noted in our release, we are essentially reaffirming our fiscal 20 EPS guidance this morning. On slide 51, you can see that we've reduced our estimated fiscal 20 earnings by $0.02, solely to remove the historical profits contributions from the now divested Gelit business. Excluding the adjustment for Gelit, our earnings guidance range has not changed from what we provided at the Company's Investor Day in April 2019. And slide 52 outlines our fiscal 2020 outlook across all metrics. We are updating our organic net sales guidance to be in the range of 1% to 1.5%, compared to our prior expectation of approximately 1% provided at Investor Day. Note that this growth rate excludes the impact of the fiscal 20s 53rd week. All other metrics on this slide include the impact of the 53rd week. We expect adjusted operating margin to improve to a range of 16.2% to 16.8% in fiscal 20 as we continue the integration of Pinnacle to generate estimated synergies while implementing the Conagra way playbook. Also, we expect free cash flow to continue to improve in fiscal 20, benefiting from the expected Pinnacle cost synergies and the expected increase in organic net sales. We expect free cash flow to reach approximately $1 billion for fiscal 20. Importantly, we also remain committed to the long-term algorithm we provided at our Investor Day. As our financial progress accelerates through fiscal year 22 and we benefit from the full synergy opportunity of the Pinnacle acquisition, we look to capitalize on new sources of growth, like the Gardein opportunity Sean highlighted earlier. To conclude my formal remarks today, Id like to turn to slide 53. Here, Id summarize the more important planning assumptions that underpin our fiscal year 20 guidance. These can be broken into two buckets, organic growth and margins. Overall, we see results being more heavily weighted towards the second half of fiscal 20. With respect to our organic net sales growth, we anticipate higher innovation-related investment during the first half fiscal 20 with the related sales growth weighted towards the second half as our distribution, trial and repeat builds throughout the year. We also expect the highly promotional environment in select categories that we experienced in Q4 to continue in the near term. As Sean mentioned, we have seen these situations before and will remain agile in how we respond to competition. Consistent with what weve been saying since December, we continue to expect Legacy Pinnacle sales trends to improve in the second half of fiscal 20. We also expect margins to improve during the second half of fiscal 20 as the innovation-related investment will be higher in the first half, as I just mentioned. And for Pinnacle, by the second half of fiscal 20, we expect to lap the elevated input cost inflation in transportation and crops that the business had been experiencing. We also expect synergies to increase as we move through the course of the year. Finally, we expect Pinnacle will continue to be dilutive to our year-over-year gross margin until we anniversary the acquisition in late October. Thank you for listening. That concludes my remarks. Ill now pass it to the operator as Sean, Tom McGough, Darren Serrao and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the question.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, sort of a two-parter here. Given the top-line challenges experienced in fiscal 19, some of the inventory reductions, some of the merchandising and competitive challenges that you noted today that are expected to continue at least in the near term, some elasticity. And I guess, the question is, why raise the fiscal 20 top-line guidance range? And then, more broadly, with the Pinnacle deal, there is always some concern among investors that the Company could well lose some focus and momentum on its core or legacy business, as a result. And in light of the 4Q results, I guess how can investors have confidence that thats not the case in terms of what were seeing play out more recently? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Let me take that in reverse order, Andrew, in terms of this, first, this notion of distraction. I can appreciate that thats an easy notion to grab on to but its just not accurate. The issues we faced in Q4 literally had nothing to do with Pinnacle, which has been a highly efficient work stream for us. As I pointed out in my remarks a few minutes ago, they were mostly -- the Q4 issue is mostly about macro factors that were not assumed in our forecast, so things like non-economic decision by competitors, isolated recalls and Ardent Mills is an example. But each of these items, they were not expected, they did add up to the miss you saw in Q4, but they are transitory events that we do not expect to repeat, and that really is the story. But, if I step back, here is how I think about the big picture of the quarter and fiscal 20 in kind of one thought. If you look at 19 as a whole, 19 undoubtedly was a year of remarkable transition for Conagra Brands. We did advance our innovation agenda. We did see continued traction in frozen meals and snacks. And we made a transformative acquisition that did end-up requiring more near-term fixes than we had expected. But we wrapped our arms around those very quickly and efficiently. Now, we've got that business stabilizing and on track in terms of integration. Q4 clearly was disappointing, but the fact is, it was largely due to transitory issues. But now, we are in a position to play offense, and our innovation pipeline is both broad and full. So, despite the speed bump, we are clearly still advancing our playbook. And that's why in terms of fiscal 20, we feel very good about the top-line drivers we have in place. Our innovation pipeline is the best weve had yet and as it works it way in the marketplace, really hits its stride in the second half, we're very confident that we will all like what we see.  In terms of raising the high end of the sales guidance for fiscal 20, you can think about that as largely recovering the transitory volume losses we experienced at the end of this year, and doesn't hurt that were beginning to see some improvement in our scanner data as well. Dave, do you want to build on that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, we haven't changed our estimate of net sales in fiscal 20 from where we were previously. So, because we missed Q4 driven by transitory reasons, we expect that business will come back. So, the fiscal 19 base is lower, but we're holding our estimate for fiscal 20 sales, so the math adds 50 basis points of growth, so we added that to the guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. It seems that 1H 19, the first half will be a little bit worse than what you previously expected. And I'm saying that because you talked about the headwinds in the fourth quarter being late in the quarter. So, I assume they bleed into 1Q 20. But, you're maintaining your annual guidance. And I guess the implication is the back half of the year will have to be somewhat better than you initially anticipated or maybe you're thinking about the bottom half of guidance. I just am curious what's better in 2H 20, right, the second half, if anything than you initially modeled?
Sean Connolly: Ken, were not going to guide for two quarters, obviously, but youve got the shape of the curve right. As we said all along, H2 is going to be a stronger year or stronger half than H1. And obviously, now that Q4 came in light due to transitory issues, we expect recovery of that transitory loss next Q4. In terms of the things like Q4 issues lingering into Q1 and does that mean a worse Q1, I wouldn't think about it that way. We've got a vast portfolio here. Things are always moving around. Some things will come in below what we initially anticipate. We manage a risk and opportunity approach to dealing with that, which means we look for other opportunities that offset things we didn't expect. So, today on the call I talked a little bit about Gardein, weve got other things, the snacks obviously in the back half of this year exceeded our expectations. So, we've got a lot of that we feel really good about that probably has some upside to it on the year, and weve got some other things like these near-term competitive dynamics that we've got to navigate. Weve got multiple ways we can do that. But, I think to your point, big picture is, really we haven't changed our cadence on the year. We're expecting our innovation to go into the marketplace in the first half, get its footing and really build momentum in the second half. And then on Pinnacle in particular, as we've talked before, getting those TPDs back that were lost last year, that should really start to kick in as we get to the middle part of the year and the back half of the year. Dave, do you want to add to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Id just add one thing. And I mentioned in my comments that we are increasing pretty significantly our investment for innovation and that hits in the first half relative to prior years. So that impacts not just profit, but net sales. So, that dynamic flows first half, second half as well.
Ken Goldman: Thank you, and then follow-up for me. I'm surprised, the competitor you talked about in frozen took some merchandising business from you. Do you have enough visibility from your customers as to when your competitors are going to promote like that, so that your merchandising isn't redundant with theirs? And I guess, the broader question is, isnt really this one of the risks of shifting marketing to promotions from advertising that you become more reliant on some of the wins of merchandising of what your competitors can do?
Sean Connolly: No. On that latter piece, the answer is no. Because as we talked before that to the degree we have moved below the line money, it's below the line money that wasn't doing anything. So, when you're moving money away, thats not doing anything, you're not taking anything away. And instead a lot of the spend as weve talked many times, it covers a multitude of tools across a multitude of brands. Here on Marie, were talking about one brand, and we're talking about a particular time of year where we count on some high quality merchandising that we got displaced from a very aggressive competitor. And what I would say is that it is very hard to anticipate those things. It is not the first time we have seen this in this industry. In fact, if you know Conagras history, we know this move, as well as anybody, its called volume over value, and it does happen from time to time. But it is not sustainable, because as we learned, when you put all your human and financial resources into price-based competition, there's very little left in the enterprise to actually study consumer behavior or design new quality innovation, and then market it in a personalized fashion. And what you're left with over time is a weak product line up and a consumer that is trained to buy a deal. And that's not our playbook. From time to time, we will encounter it and we got to deal with it. But that's really not what we're after. We'd rather follow our approach, stay consistently focused on moving the center line of our profitability and our sales north over time, even if we've got to deal with some standard deviation in any given quarter, based on this kind of behavior.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everyone. Dave, I guess just wanted to get a little bit more color from you on gross profit, how we should be thinking about gross profits for 20. I think, talked a little bit about some investment in above the line in terms of supporting new products. But if you can just give us some sense of COGS inflation for fiscal 20, if there's any pricing contemplated to cover inflation, and just some of the other factors that might influence gross margins for 2020?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Bryan, let me try to unpeel that. So, overall, we have not given specific guidance on gross margin, we gave it on operating margin because of the dynamics. But to your question, generally speaking, inflation, right now there's a lot of moving pieces that the transportation inflation, we saw heavy in the first half of the year and 19 is moderated. Although now we're seeing increases in areas like proteins, and then there's obviously some of the weather related inflation that we're dealing with. But as we go into fiscal 20, we think given the overall mix of the portfolio and inflation, we're probably going to be close to where we finished this year, 2.7%, 2.8%, something in that area. We expect to continue to deliver on our realized productivity. And we do have pricing actions that we've taken this year that well roll into next year. And then, as inflation comes, and as you saw, we had a lot of inflation related to steel, and we took pricing to deal with that. As 20 develops and we see inflation and if it hits certain brands, we will plan on taking pricing where its inflation justified. So, we just have to manage those dynamics as we go. As it relates to the investments, I think, overall for the year, there's definitely going to be more of an increase in the innovation related investment in the first half and in the second half, although we will still have a healthy rate of investment, and year-on-year, it won't be up. So, that will be another kind of benefit to the second half. So, overall, you put all those things together, there's puts and takes that kind of even out over the whole year for gross margin, but it's clearly more investment first half, more benefits second half. And then, there's synergies that come in as well. That's whats between G&A and cost of goods sold. So, as the year ramps up, the synergies will increase, and that will improve margins as well as we move into the second half.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thanks for that. And just I don't know if I missed it, but did you give guidance on capital spending for the year?
Sean Connolly: No, we did not, not in our remarks. We gave it on free cash flow. So, overall, free cash flow, we're still estimating approximately $1 billion in free cash flow.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning. Sean, just to kind of piggyback on Andrew Lazars question, wanted to kind of understand a little bit of the glide path of the organic sales as they get better as we move throughout the year. Given where we started in Q4, should at least out of the gate in Q1, should we be definitionally positive for organic sales, just to kind of help investors understand the trajectory of the business? And then, I've got to follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Again, Steve, I don't want to give quarterly guidance here. It's not something that we typically like to do. We were in a position where we had to do it last year. And I didn't like that hack of a lot. I think what I can tell you is that this is kind of a first half, second half story. Obviously, as Dave pointed out, we've got some investments in the first half of the year, obviously that means in Q1 as well, because we've got new items coming in the marketplace that we will invest behind. We also are in the midst of doing some value-over-volume in particular on the Pinnacle business, as we clear the decks for our new innovation. So, in terms of the year, what we said before is that we expect the trend to bend as we move from the first half into the second half without giving kind of quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month specificity on the slopes of those curves. I think, we'd leave it at that in part because as we've said many times with respect to the Pinnacle TPDs, we are trying to accelerate where possible, getting some of these new innovations into the marketplace ahead of a normal plan a grant cadence. And that work as it has been going on, continues, especially when we get in some customers, some of these new innovations in there and can demonstrate that they're working and we've got traction. So, we'll stay flexible on that and continue to kind of update you should we see the trajectory changing. But that's how we see it right now.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And then, Dave, on the synergy piece, should we still think that about $150 million contribution in fiscal 20 is the right number with maybe a third to cogs, two-thirds to SG&A, is that the right way to kind of frame it for this year?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Thats right, Steve. We had guided to, by the end of fiscal 20 will be about 55% of our synergy realized and were still $285 million of total synergy, and the split between SG&A and cost of goods sold hasnt changed.
Steve Strycula: Okay. So, with that piece, if were $50 million coming through cogs, should that be enough for the full year, nothing quarterly but should that give us close to about flat gross margins for the full year?
Dave Marberger: Here again, I dont want to give the specific gross margin guidance, but its clearly going to be a tailwind for us.
Steve Strycula: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for sliding me in. Sean, I suppose in part youve probably conditioned this, to think about your business this way. But looking at the base performance and kind of the cycles youve gone through of cleansing the portfolio and entering the rebuild mode with innovation, which is -- what I think were really looking for this year, as you mentioned the biggest slate of innovation you had. But, as we look at the total points of distribution and the progression through the year, we came in with growth. And as we mine the data, it looks like weve seen accelerating declines on distribution, including the three brands that youre highlighting, Marie Callenders, Hunts, Chef Boyardee, all seen sort of distribution declines. Can you talk about whats driving that? Are we sort of in innovation replacement cycle where the innovation is kind of netting out past innovations falling away or have we found sort of another leg of rationalization that may be weighing on performance?
Sean Connolly: Its a little bit of everything, Jason. Let me try to break it down for you, give you an example of kind of the diversity of it. So, for example, on Hunts weve got some restages coming out, which means weve got the old products going out, the new products coming in; therell be a gap between the two where new product doesnt scan and that will show up in the short-term window as if the TPDs have gone down, then they come back. Thats a dynamic. But we also have things going on, Marie Callenders is a good example of it. Slim Jim and Swiss Miss are other good examples where part of our playbook is to actually reduce TPDs and put more facings against high velocity TPDs and drive growth. Ill point you back to the case study I gave, I think it was last quarter on Slim Jim where were doing that pretty aggressively. Thats a piece of it as well. And its one of the reasons I point out usually every other quarter that TPDs can be helpful but they can also be a bit misleading at times. You got to look at kind of the total results of the business as well as in particular the velocities, because when we intentionally reduce TPDs, it usually to pick up facings on higher velocity items and it drives overall sales growth. So, thats what you got going on. I think, just as I look back on this whole year, we build these plans based on certain planning assumptions. And clearly for fiscal 19 overall, some things played out differently than we expected when we built the plan. For example, we didnt plan for a huge tinplate inflation, didnt plan for this, so we needed to price over the non-economic follow-on behaviors like certain players in some of our categories. We didnt obviously plan for recalls and co-packer issues. So, its been a dynamic environment including some of Pinnacles challenges. But all things considered, as we think about fiscal 20 and the innovations slate weve got, the fact that weve got our arms wrapped around Pinnacle pretty well right now, we think we navigated some of these things we didnt anticipate pretty well. We have posted our second consecutive year of organic growth, which is something that not all can point to in this environment. And as we pointed out earlier, I think that gives us a solid foundation on which to build going forward here, with our best innovation slate yet. So, overall, I'm pretty positive about kind of how things sack up as we move from first half to second half and throughout our strategic planning horizon.
Jason English: That's helpful. And one more for me. You mentioned the planning assumptions that you start with the beginning of the year. You've suggested that you expect this competitive intensity to abate as you progress through the year. But, as weve seen before when companies pursue volume-over-value, it can take years before it ends poorly. So, what gives you confidence that it will abate? And second part to that question, what's the risk to your guidance, if it does not in fact abate?
Sean Connolly: Well, if you look at our Company as an example, it can take years to abate as a total portfolio, but it usually doesn't take a long time to abate at a category level, because you simply can't afford to sustain it for very long across multiple categories. So, if you're doing that as a portfolio enterprise, its just too expensive to do this for too long, especially when you're doing it in the face of inflation, using the tomato example today, just is not an affordable strategy. It just draws too many resources from other part to the P&L to be able to hold it. So, weve seen it before. It historically has almost always proven to be transitory and there are some things that we can do from time-to-time that help it to be transitory, if we need to do those things. So, that's how well navigate it.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hey, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just had a question for you, first on this obviously kind of abrupt change in the promotional environment in the quarter. And it's not clear to me yet how you're responding to these challenges. So, it sounds like you're selectively responding. Is that the way to think about? And is that a pressure point on gross margin in the first half of the year, as you selectively respond to these challenges?
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think what were conveying is we're not going to kind of unveil our response on each and every case study. That probably wouldn't be a wise competitive approach doing things like. Principally, we don't want to look at all these things and just say automatically, hey, we think we should respond because these things tend to be transitory in nature, even in the absence of a response from us. But, should somebody want to rent market share and try to sustain it for longer than a narrow window, then we will absolutely consider responding. We will look at each and every -- thankfully, we don't see a lot of these things across the portfolio. We haven't seen this kind of behavior in quite some time now. But it does come up, and we will look at it on a case-by-case basis. And that's probably as much details Id get into on it.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then, just another question in relation to fiscal 20. So, I think about some of the unique factors that occurred in fiscal 19, I just want to understand which ones get better, don't recur, maybe improve a bit year-over-year. Obviously one that comes to mind is Ardent Mills. Do you expect it to get -- to make up that sort of $0.06 differential this coming year, based on your outlook? Any other unique factors you call out for fiscal 20 that help support that rate of EPS growth for the year?
Dave Marberger: Chris, related to margins, given the volatility of the business, we don't give specific guidance, but generally our planning posture is we're roughly in line for fiscal 20 where we landed for fiscal 19. So, that's generally how we will plan that. In terms of year-on-year, there are a lot of puts and takes as you go into fiscal 20. I think, specific to Q4, clearly we had some manufacturing challenges, I called out specifically 50 basis points of impact on our gross margins in Q4 that were just pure costs of the recall and some write-offs. So, they will not recur in Q4 of next year. So, they are discrete costs. We have synergies that are obviously ramping up, so that's going to be a big benefit. But, we're also investing some of that synergy back in to drive our innovation slate. So, there's going to be a clear increase in our innovation related investment. So, realize productivity, we're coming on that, but we also have inflation, we have quite -- so there's just a lot of puts and takes and balances. But as we went through it all, we planned it, we scenario planned, we came up with our fiscal year 20 plan, and that drove our guidance, and we feel good about it.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. The Gardein brand, really good brand, really good products, and you're clearly talking about plans to leverage it further here. Is this an incremental investment beyond what you've already planned for the next few years? And if not, where's it coming from? Are you having to take it from other brands that you had plans to invest behind, particularly in Pinnacle? And then, just a tactical question, I noticed that youre co-branding Gardein in the frozen category. That tends to be a risky proposition, gets a little confusing for the consumer. Have you thought through the risks of having two brands on one pack? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes. First of all, Rob, weve always, since we acquired it, viewed Gardein as an attractive growth asset. That's why we talked about it at Investor Day, we served it at CAGNY and we spent capital to build the capacity. I think, what's changed, I think we can all acknowledge that it was hard to see the consumer fever pitch, for this space, gathering quite ahead of steam it has done as quickly as it's done. So, the upshot of all of this is that the market opportunity is quite a bit bigger than we're counting on. Does that mean that the investment behind it will be bigger? Potentially so to take advantage of it. But keep in mind, that investment is not a tax on EBIT. Gardein has got pretty good gross margin. So, as we sell more, and if we pick up the kind of tailwinds, we get in a compounding curve over the strategic plan horizon, those sales will generate additional fuel for growth that we will invest back to even accelerate those sales further. So, it's kind of a virtuous cycle here we've got going on Gardein. And overall the additional upside to it just helps us feel that much better about our long-term prospects and our fiscal 2022 outlook. With respect to this kind of partner branding approach, let me just try to explain how we're thinking about Gardein. To the degree we sell kind of a pure blood meat product, so a chicken alternative, a burger alternative, a hotdog alternative, a sausage alternative, that will stand alone as a Gardein brand. But one of the things we have learned over and over and over again at Conagra is that the name of the game is velocity. And velocity is always stronger when it's not a new brand in an established space, for example, single-serve frozen meals, but it's an icon brand that has brought modern attributes into that space. In this case, we have a power brand such as Healthy Choice as an example. Healthy Choice is an absolute juggernaut and icon in single-serve meals. But each and every year, we will look to find new modern attributes to bring to the consumer. In this particular window that we're in here now over the next several years, one of these new attributes that we know the consumer is going to be looking for is meat alternatives in the space where meat used to be. So for example in Healthy Choice, where they -- the consumer used to buy 20 chicken based Healthy Choice bowls a year, they may buy 16 and buy 4 meal alternatives. And Gardein, because we will have a presence in the meat space, we already have almost $200 million business out there, has tremendous credentials in the plant alternative space, credentials in taste, credentials in texture, credentials in aroma and credentials across all day parts, breakfast, lunch, dinner and protein types. So, instead of showing up as the thousandth brand, in this plant-based alternative space with no credentials, we think the power of Gardein which has tremendous credentials and plant base with the icon of a Healthy Choice in single-service healthy meals, works even stronger for us. We are doing similar things right now, by the way, in our sweet treats business with Duncan Hines perfect size where we cobranded with Oreo. And we like what we see there, we've done it before. So, this is not kind of an ingredient inside piece. This is a way to really quickly break through at the point of purchase and make it immediately evident to the consumer within 2 seconds flat, what they're getting, and give them confidence that its going to be a good evening experienced. So, we actually think that that is not a risky proposition but that is that's the optimum way to build ubiquity in kind of holistic meals in this plant-based space.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. And I appreciate you taking the question, given the hour. This is going to go back over some ground. But I wanted to clear on something. So, your stock is obviously reacting negatively. Youve upgraded your revenue dying for the next year. Sean, can you just be clear about something? It sounded like problems within the fourth quarter got worse as the quarter progressed. So, you did mention in one of your questions -- one of your responses to a question that Nielsen data was giving you maybe some confidence that things were getting better. So, maybe can you just bridge the gap here? If things were getting worse as it got closer to the end of the fourth quarter, did you have knowledge that the pricing and canned tomatoes has recovered from private label? Do you have confidence that these negative promotional events going on in frozen single-serve meals, has that ended at this point? Is that why you can be so confident to raise the revenue guidance for fiscal 20?
Sean Connolly: David, when you were looking at quarterly results and change versus year a ago, it's not just a function of what's happening right now; it's a function of what happened in the year ago period. Right? So, as an example, if you look at more recent Chef results, you'll see, you'll see better optics than we saw at the end of Q4. And that reflects the fact that there were significant merchandising activities in the end of Q4 a year ago that we didn't get this year; it dropped off. In terms of the drop-off as the quarter unfolded, simply put, we were expecting a fairly strong period 11 and period 12, which are the last two months of our year and at the end of the fourth quarter, and we just didn't get it at the level we discussed, which was the Marie merch, the Chef merch and the private label pricing actions within canned tomatoes, as well as some of these manufacturing challenges that really hit us toward the end of the quarter. So, that's really what it's about. We will have things that will improve in Q1. We'll still be doing things to upgrade the portfolio and do value-over-volume as we move Q1 and Q2 but then we will also be folding in the innovation slate. So, a lot going on this year as we get the Pinnacle business back up and running. But thats really kind of how it unfolded there in the fourth quarter, particularly in our period 11 and period 12.
David Driscoll: If I could do a follow-up, its related but a bit separate. But, given the difficulty that you had in the canned operations, I mean its pretty disappointing if private label doesnt raise prices when the cost of the can goes up so much. So, what I hear from your guys at your Analyst Day and today is this amazing amount of new products in very exciting portions of the portfolio, but the can portion just doesnt feel like it, and then we get this negative hit but private label just not acting well. Why not sell those canned portions of the portfolio so that the residual leftover would really just get to focus on all these exciting new product opportunities that you lay out? I mean, they all sound great but it hurts when you suddenly get these oddball activities going on within the canned portion of the portfolio. How do you think about that how would you respond to that?
Sean Connolly: Yes. We got -- its a fair question, David. Weve got a number of grocery businesses that we put under this heading, we call reliable contributors, which is basically saying -- thats what we expect with them. We expect them to contribute reliably in the fullness of time. We have a variety of canned food businesses that have quite frankly been very reliable contributors over the last several years, Hunts is a good example of one of those businesses as has Chef. It is quite possible that from time to time for all the reasons weve discussed quite a bit today that we can see kind of this non-economic behavior by competition. That will happen from time to time. But, it doesnt tend to happen often and it does tend to be transitory. So, to label a reliable contributor as no longer reliably contributing is if that the perpetual notion is a bit of an overreaction. But I'm not going to say that we dont evaluate these kinds of things all the time. I dont think youll find a company in our space thats been as active as we have over the last five years in reshaping the portfolio. And that includes divesting things that are kind of chronic drag on what were trying to accomplish. So, were always looking at that. We did more of that this quarter. I just wouldnt want you to paint -- to label canned foods as not reliably contributing as a perpetual notion when thats just not been what we experienced. In fact, what weve experienced is, historically its been a high cash flow business and its thrown off a lot of cash, a lot of fuels for growth elsewhere in the portfolio like frozen.
David Driscoll: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. I can imagine investors are coming out today with the impression that your guidance for fiscal 20 is more optimistic than it was in the past or at least eating into a margin safety as you need more things to come together to hit the plan, given what you said about Hunts and Chef Boyardee and Marie Callenders which are likely a negative versus original planning into the first half. If thats true, I mean, perhaps you could tell us what positive offsets youre thinking about versus your original thinking for fiscal 20 that are keeping that same guidance. And I have a quick follow-up.
Sean Connolly: I think, again, were not sitting here patting ourselves on the back for what I would call a real raise for the 20 guidance at the high end of sales; its not that. Its really a recovery of Q4 because the issues we experienced in Q4, we dont expect to repeat. So, really, were just getting back to basically the same place we plan to all along. And underpinning that is an operating plan that is counting on a lot from some very robust innovation that transcends not only our most strategic segments, frozen and snacks and Legacy CAG but also some of the businesses in Pinnacle, which will contribute for part of the year as organic. So, we're counting on continued performance, like weve seen on our innovation the last few years, but now we're seeing it on a bigger slate. And we're excited about this Gardein opportunity, which is really not just a '20 opportunity, but that's to tee up the point that that will continue to serve us well and help us navigate other things we're doing as we move through fiscal 2022.
David Palmer: And then, just a follow-up, you talked about Hunts canned tomatoes and Chef Boyardee priority after the pricing actions, what's the confidence and the potential timing of a recovery there or perhaps visibility already that that's going to get out of the promotion penalty box? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Well, we will get out of it. I'm not going to give you exact timing. These are good businesses. I mean, got unbelievable relative market share on both of those businesses. How we navigate through it, I'm not going to disclose that; it may come a number of different ways, but we'll keep our power dry on that. But, you're talking about two brands here that are number one market share by far in their categories. And as I mentioned earlier, when we get our price gaps right, our merchandising right, we can recover volume rather quickly on these businesses. So, it's just a question of how is that going to unfold and exactly when is that going to hold, were not going to get into that detail quite here today.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Thank you. So, as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The Investor Relations team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-03-21 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConAgra Brands third quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during today's call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales growth, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings press release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website conagrabrands.com. We'll also be making references to total ConAgra Brands as well as Legacy ConAgra Brands. References to Legacy ConAgra Brands refer to measures that excludes any income or expenses associated with the recently acquired Pinnacle Foods business. Finally, we will be making references to pro forma net sales for Pinnacle. Pro forma net sales refer to results for Pinnacle Foods prior to the acquisition that have been adjusted to align with ConAgra's fiscal calendar. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. There's a lot to cover this morning; we have strong Legacy ConAgra results to discuss, a positive Pinnacle integration update to share, deleveraging to discuss, and a preview of our April 10th Investor Day. But the most important takeaway from everything Dave and I will discuss today is what these results mean, the ConAgra Way to profitable growth delivers. The impact of our unwavering commitment to the ConAgra Way over the past several years has been consistent progress, most recently resulting in the continued strong momentum in core Legacy ConAgra Brands during the third quarter, particularly in our leading frozen and snacks businesses. We are now aggressively applying this approach to Pinnacle and it's working to keep the technical integration on track as well as driving a reinvigorated innovation lineup. As we said in Q2, we expect that innovation to lead to improved Pinnacle trends in the second half of fiscal 2020. It also enabled us to gain traction on delevering. In the short five months since closing the Pinnacle transaction, we've reduced debt by $685 million. Overall, we are confident we will deliver quality long-term growth at ConAgra and we'll share our robust innovation pipeline and new long-term financial algorithm on April 10th along with details of the increased cost synergy opportunities that we see. Before I get into the quarter, let me talk a bit more about the ConAgra Way. We'll unpack this even further at Investor Day, but this playbook is our bedrock and you've seen us execute it for several years now. The ConAgra Way to profitable growth is relentlessly principle based and firmly grounded in the consumer. It advocates that growth is essential and that we cannot and will not cut our way to prosperity. It acknowledges that our ability to build strong brands requires differentiated capabilities, particularly those that fuel innovation; areas like demand science, precision marketing, and omni-commerce. And the ConAgra Way recognizes that our success requires a highly disciplined approach to portfolio management, which you've seen us execute consistently for the past four years. Importantly, our disciplined approach is repeatable and scalable. It built our healthy and growing frozen and snacks businesses and serves as the basis for how we're approaching the rest of our portfolio, including Pinnacle. We're confident about how we do things around here because it works. We don't take shortcuts. We do things the right way, a way that best positions us for maximum value creation over the long haul. So, let's talk more about the results the ConAgra Way delivered in Q3. First up is the Legacy ConAgra business. We continued to deliver good consumption growth in our Legacy ConAgra segments in the quarter with strong trends on both a year-over-year and two-year basis. As you can see on Slide 8, Legacy ConAgra's domestic retail segments had another good quarter. Q3 growth in our Legacy segments was once again based on solid fundamentals tied to the increasing strength of our brands. Our retail sales and base velocities remained in fertile territory and continued to gain momentum on a two-year basis. Turning to our segment results. Refrigerated & Frozen was up 240 basis points in the quarter with Frozen again delivering terrific growth, 490 basis points. Refrigerated was down but as I mentioned last quarter, apart from Reddi-wip, we have yet to renovate these brands and bring new innovation to the marketplace. Refrigerated is one of the final pieces of the Legacy ConAgra portfolio to receive attention, but the work is well under way and you'll see exciting new products on store shelves in 2019. But turning back to Frozen, we've talked a lot in prior quarters about the successful implementation of our playbook in Frozen. As you can see on Slide 10 that success continued in Q3, we reinvigorated and continued to lead the Frozen category and our fundamentals remained strong in the quarter with improvement in consumption trends, TPDs, and base sales velocity. Our approach is having a positive impact on our results and importantly, it's also driving category growth in frozen single-serve meals. Our rigorous approach to modernizing and premiumizing our brands through renovation and innovation has delivered impact for ConAgra and for our customers. While we began our innovation journey in Frozen more than a year ago and went broader and deeper in frozen in fiscal 2019, we have even more on the way. In fiscal '20, we expect to have our most robust and powerful slate of innovation in this segment yet. The team has done a lot of great work to develop a strong multi-year pipeline of innovation across our Legacy ConAgra frozen brands and across refrigerated brands like Hebrew National, Egg Beaters, and Reddi-wip. Turning to our Legacy ConAgra Grocery & Snacks segment, we have more positive news to report. The snacks business grew by 8.2% during the quarter. This tremendous growth validates our recent investment in the business. Looking at our snacks business in more detail on Slide 14, the growth we delivered in Q3 came with contributions from every key snacking vertical; popcorn, meat snacks, sweet treats,and seeds. On a two-year basis, retail dollar sales for our Legacy ConAgra snacking portfolio were up an impressive 14%. Dissecting the snacks growth which we've done on Slide 15; you'll see that while TPD's were down, base velocities increased significantly. In other words, our growth in snacks during the quarter was driven by bringing terrific products to market that consumers wanted. Those products were in high demand and moved off shelves very quickly and growth through improved consumer pull is sustainable growth. Of course TPDs have been an important metric in assessing brand health historically, but TPDs are not always a helpful barometer of brand vitality. As an example, look at the Slim Jim results. Slim Jim is one of our healthiest brands and is driving strong snacks growth, but Slim Jim's TPDs declined nearly 18% year-over-year as we optimized our assortment. With that data point alone, you'd think the brand was struggling, but it was not. Velocity was up more than 28% and the net result was a retail sales improvement of more than 7% in the quarter. Our Slim Jim business became stronger by increasing shelf inventory and facings on our best selling, fastest moving items and by pruning low velocity SKUs. These actions led to higher sales for both ConAgra and our customers and TPDs did not tell the story. We saw the exact same dynamic on Swiss Miss in Q3 and I share this because it's a good reminder that TPD optimization does not always come through TPD growth. I'm very excited about the innovation that we deployed across snacks in the last year and even more excited about the impact of that innovation, but we're not even close to being done. To the point I highlighted earlier regarding Refrigerated & Frozen, our innovation and renovation machine is humming and we have a terrific multi-year pipeline built out for the brands you see here. I won't go further into it now, you'll have to wait until Investor Day. So in summary on Legacy ConAgra, we feel very good about our momentum. We're pleased with the results we delivered in Q3 and are confident that with the ConAgra Way, we'll continue to deliver. Turning to Pinnacle priorities on Slide 18, it's been a short five months since we completed our acquisition of Pinnacle, we've accomplished a great deal in that time with much more to come. I'll spend a few minutes covering each of our focus areas, integrating the business; reinvigorating Birds Eye, Duncan Hines, and Wish-Bone via innovation; and deleveraging. First, let's talk about the integration. I couldn't be happier with our progress on this front so far. We've said all along that the similarities between Legacy ConAgra and Pinnacle made a combination of our two companies an obvious opportunity and the fact that we've been able to quickly align our organizations and deliver our integration work plan to-date is evidence of how well the two companies mesh. Put a finer point on it, work transitions are on track and processes are being aligned; systems integration are well on their way with key milestones being hit; and importantly, we captured approximately $12 million of cost synergy in Q3 which paces ahead of our expectations. We continue to expect to over deliver the $215 million of cost synergies we previously announced and we'll share more detail on refined cost synergy opportunities next month. Thank you to the entire ConAgra team across Legacy ConAgra and Pinnacle for all their terrific work to-date on the integration. We've also been spending time in Q3 undertaking a concentrated effort to begin deploying the ConAgra Way to the Pinnacle portfolio and first up is our proven value over volume philosophy. We are starting the process of cutting slower turning and lower margin SKUs while redesigning Pinnacle's customer investments for better ROI. Retail sales and TPDs continued their downward trends in Q3, but base velocities improved as shown in the chart on the right, non-investment grade SKUs were the ones being pruned in the quarter and that means that the Pinnacle products remaining on shelf are higher quality and generating consumer takeaway. As we did with our Legacy ConAgra business several years ago, we are creating a stronger foundation on which to build. While we won't be happy until total retail sales begin to turn in the Pinnacle portfolio, we are confident that the value over volume process under way gives us that stronger foundation. As we introduce future innovation slates into the market, the net result will be more profitable sustainable growth. To be clear, our Pinnacle-related work is incredibly focused. Right now, it's all about strengthening Pinnacles Big 3; Birds Eye, Duncan Hines, and Wish-Bone. Pinnacle historically referred to these brands as leadership brands and with good reason. However, in the second half of last year, each of these businesses struggled with executional issues. These challenges hurt sales and profit representing the vast majority of Pinnacle's drop off on each. While recent performance in these great brands has been below historical norms, as we discussed last quarter, we're confident that we can reinvigorate them through great innovation and Q3 brought the beginning of our implementation of focused action plans for each brand. First, let's talk about Birds Eye. Birds Eye is an iconic billion dollar brand previously the largest in the Pinnacle portfolio and now the largest in the ConAgra portfolio. Recently, however, the Birds Eye brand was slow to respond to key consumer trends, opting out of innovating in important growth pockets. That is changing. The differentiating capabilities that come with the ConAgra Way include a well-developed innovation muscle and the know-how to identify and capitalize on consumer trends. Applying these capabilities to Birds Eye means that we're not only opting in to the innovation opportunities in this key category, but opting in in a big way. Here again we've already built a multi-year pipeline of innovation and renovation that will deliver a sequenced deluge of new Birds Eye products. We'll share a lot more in April. Now let's turn to Duncan Hines. While Duncan Hines' recent results have been disappointing, it faces a different situation than Birds Eye. Recall the Duncan Hines brand actually did a fair amount of innovation over the past two years. The brand moved into broader snacking with a very innovative idea for Mug Cakes. With this innovation, the Pinnacle team was clearly heading in the right direction. However, the execution of that innovation was not up to our standards. Inefficient SKUs proliferated while competitors entered the space with a more provocative execution, generated better velocities, and gained share. And that new innovation from the competition caused Duncan Hines to suffer. The good news is that we see the solutions here as straightforward even if they'll take a bit of time to cycle into the marketplace. Slide 23 shows how deploying the ConAgra Way to Duncan Hines is leading to a restage of the product with simplified branding, a larger size impression, an optimized SKU range, and an upgraded product with the simple addition of the hero ingredient consumers want, frosting. And finally, let's talk about Wish-Bone where the situation is again unique. In the summer of 2018 Wish-Bone labels were updated, but unfortunately the execution came up short. Despite a more modern design, the labels did not effectively communicate the flavor variety and variety communication is absolutely essential in salad dressing. Take a look at the picture on the left. The modernized label communication was flawed and sales velocities declined quickly and considerably following the label change. Fortunately, this issue has an obvious fix. The right side of Slide 24 shows our updated label. It prominently features the dressing variety. Again, a simple solution, but one that will take a bit of time to cycle into the marketplace, after it does, we believe that consumer takeaway for this iconic brand will improve. Overall, the health of the big three Pinnacle brands is critically important and you can be assured that our teams have spent the last five months incredibly focused on each of them. There is definitely more work to do and it will take some time for customers to add our new innovation into their shelf resets. Again as we said in Q2, we expect innovation to lead to improved Pinnacle trends in the second half of fiscal 2020. But the point I want you to take away today is that we have dug into what exactly ails each brand and we are squarely on top of the solutions. But top line growth isn't our only focus, we're also focused on improving margins across the Pinnacle portfolio and generating more cash from each dollar sold. Over the last several years we've built capabilities that address each of the margin levers noted on Slide 25 and deployed them across the Legacy ConAgra portfolio. And now we're focused on getting Pinnacle's gross margins back on track with solid realized productivity above our cost synergy initiatives, margin accretive innovation, improved pricing capabilities, a better brand mix, a better channel mix, and trade optimization. In other words, we're intensely focused on infusing the ConAgra Way into Pinnacle. Part of this is simply ensuring that our newest team members, those from Pinnacle, understand the fundamentals of our approach. I've always said that the cultures at ConAgra and Pinnacle have many overlaps, particularly with respect to our common embrace of a lean and agile culture and that's still my belief. But we also approach some things differently and we're excited to share our ConAgra processes and tools, particularly those that drive innovation based growth such as demand science, precision marketing, and omni-channel selling. I'm proud of how our combined organization is working together in the short time since the completion of the deal. Shifting to our balance sheet, I'm very pleased with our disciplined focus on deleveraging in the last five months. We're committed to a solid investment grade credit rating and as I said earlier, in a little less than five months since closing the transaction, we've already reduced debt by $685 million. We expect leverage ratios to improve over time as we increase our EBITDA growth from both the realization of cost synergies and the application of the ConAgra Way to the Pinnacle portfolio. We will also continue to prioritize debt reduction in our approach to capital allocation. I want to be clear that while we always view our portfolio with a lens toward optimizing growth and returns, we do not expect to need to make any additional divestitures in order to hit our leverage target. Looking ahead, you can be certain that we will not take our foot off the gas in the Legacy ConAgra business and we've already mobilized to aggressively apply our playbook to the Pinnacle portfolio and we'll continue to work to return those brands to growth. Finally, we remain squarely focused on executing our margin enhancing capabilities across the entire Company. As you probably glean from my remarks so far, we've got a great Investor Day coming up in a few weeks. As I mentioned earlier, we will be going into depth on the ConAgra Way, how it has benefited Legacy ConAgra and how it's being applied to Pinnacle to build long-term sustainable growth. And while we've previewed a couple of the innovations we've been working on, there's a full slate of new products on deck that we will show you. We'll also be sharing additional details on our Pinnacle action plan now that we've identified and begun to address the issues at hand. This will include a sneak peek of some new Pinnacle innovations that we'll be bringing to market. And finally, we will be providing updates to our financial algorithm, including new data on cost synergies. We hope that you will be able to join us in Chicago on April 10th. We're confident that the future here at ConAgra is one of long-term profitable growth. Our Q3 progress contributes to that confidence as does the long-term opportunity we'll share on April 10th. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'll walk through the quarter and elements of both the Legacy ConAgra and Pinnacle businesses. With approximately two months left in fiscal 2019 and the sale of the Wesson oil business now complete, I will also share our perspectives on the balance of the year. Slide 31 outlines our performance for the quarter. Net sales for the third quarter were up 35.7% compared to a year ago, primarily reflecting the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods. Organic net sales, excluding the effect of the sale of Trenton, were up 1.9%. Organic net sales growth was largely in line with our expectations driven by the strong performance of our Legacy ConAgra domestic retail segments, which when taken together exceeded 2.5% organic growth in the quarter. For the quarter, adjusted gross profit increased 30.5% to $781 million and adjusted gross margin declined 115 basis points to 28.9%. While we continued to make good progress in driving Legacy ConAgra realized productivity and price mix, Pinnacle's gross margin of 26.2% in the quarter reduced total Company gross margin. In addition, the shift from A&P expense to above the line brand building investments with retailers reduced gross margin by approximately 100 basis points. I'll walk through the adjusted gross margin bridge shortly. In line with that shift, total Company A&P expense decreased 13.9% to $67 million or 2.5% of net sales in the quarter. Adjusted SG&A for the quarter was up 23.4% compared to the prior year and was 10.1% of net sales. The increase was driven by the addition of Pinnacle expenses, partially offset by synergies and lower incentive compensation expense due to a lower stock price compared to the prior year period. Adjusted operating profit increased 47.5% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 16.3%, up 130 basis points compared to the year ago period exceeding expectations. Adjusted EBITDA increased 35.9% to $554 million from $408 million a year ago. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.51 for the quarter, down 16.4% from the prior year. I will review the drivers of Q3 EPS performance in a moment. Slide 32 outlines the drivers of our net sales change versus the same period a year ago. Organic net sales growth ex Trenton of 1.9% reflects a 120 basis point increase in Legacy ConAgra volume. Total price mix contributed 70 basis points as favorable price mix of 210 basis points was partially offset by increased brand building investments with retailers of 140 basis points. Total ConAgra net sales grew 35.7% driven by a 34.3% net benefit from the acquisitions of Pinnacle and Sandwich Bros., the divestiture of the Canadian Del Monte business, and our exit of the foodservice business produced in the Trenton facility. FX negatively impacted net sales by 50 basis points versus the prior year. Slide 33 outlines our net sales performance by reporting segment. The Grocery & Snacks segment grew reported and organic net sales by 2.9% driven by continued excellent performance in the Legacy ConAgra snacks business. Net sales of snacks increased 8.2% in the quarter led by strong end market performance by Orville Redenbacher, ACT II, Snack Pack, Slim Jim, and Duke's. The Refrigerated & Frozen segment continued its momentum in the third quarter with reported net sales growth of 3.3% and organic net sales growth of 2.4%. The acquisition of Sandwich Bros., which closed in the third quarter last year, added 90 basis points to the net sales growth. Volume grew 3.5% behind strong growth across the frozen portfolio, including Marie Callender's, Healthy Choice, Banquet, P.F. Chang's, and Frontera. The International segment's organic net sales were down 90 basis points in the quarter as favorable price mix was more than offset by volume declines concentrated in certain global export markets that benefited favorably in the prior year quarter from hurricane related shipments. Foodservice organic net sales declined 60 basis points in the quarter as the segment continued to execute its value over volume strategy. These benefits can be seen in the strong Foodservice profitability metrics I will review shortly. Page 34 shows Q3 and implied Q4 net sales for Pinnacle versus a pro forma prior year number adjusted for ConAgra's fiscal calendar and accounting policies. For Q3, Pinnacle net sales reflects a mid-single digit percentage point decline versus the comparable year ago period on a pro forma basis. As expected, overall consumption declined during the quarter driven by Birds Eye, Wish-Bone, and Duncan Hines. We also exited low ROI promotions. Additionally, the segment's year-over-year performance was negatively impacted by this year's later Easter holiday season. To help you better understand Pinnacles net sales on our fiscal calendar, we have included estimated Q4 Pinnacle net sales versus a pro forma prior year. We have also included additional pro forma sales detail in the appendix of today's presentation. Moving to Slide 35, you can see that Legacy ConAgra adjusted operating profit increased 10.3% and Legacy ConAgra adjusted operating margin came in at 16.5% for the third quarter, significantly above year ago performance. Note the 326 basis point improvement in Foodservice adjusted operating margin for Q3 versus the prior year as the segment executes its value over volume strategy. The Pinnacle segment's adjusted operating profit totaled $130 million. This performance was above expectations due to lower SG&A and approximately $12 million of synergies realized during the quarter, which were delivered ahead of schedule. The Pinnacle segment's adjusted operating margin was 18.2% or 15.6% when including the $19 million of adjusted Pinnacle general corporate expenses that had been accounted for in the Company's total corporate expenses and not in the Pinnacle reporting segment. Total ConAgra adjusted operating profit was up 47.5% versus a year ago and adjusted operating margin was 16.3% for the third quarter, up 130 basis points. Slide 36 outlines the adjusted gross margin change for the quarter. As you can see, realized productivity and favorable price mix improved gross margin 260 basis points, more than offsetting inflation during the quarter and covering the increase in continued investments and brand building with retailers. The gross margin of 26.2% on Pinnacle reduced overall ConAgra gross margin 100 basis points versus the prior year. Slide 37 details Pinnacle's adjusted profit margins by comparing performance this quarter to the most comparable Pinnacle Foods quarter a year ago from their earnings release, which was Pinnacle's first quarter of calendar year 2018. Pinnacle's Q3 adjusted gross margin declined 100 basis points versus this prior year comparison. Certain Pinnacle expenses were reclassified from cost of goods sold to SG&A to conform to ConAgra's accounting policies in the third quarter. Without this reclassification, Pinnacle's Q3 gross margin would have been down approximately 200 basis points. Headwinds to gross margin came from inflation on crops, packaging and transportation, increased business investments, and unfavorable volume mix and absorption. These headwinds were partially offset by continued realized productivity in the Pinnacle business. As Sean mentioned, we are deploying the ConAgra Way to improve Pinnacle gross margins moving forward and we'll discuss this more at Investor Day. Pinnacle's adjusted operating margin, which was not impacted by the accounting reclassification, was flat year-on-year. Operating margins benefited from SG&A favorability and $12 million in synergy capture. These tailwinds offset gross margin declines and an increase in transaction related amortization. Slide 38 outlines the drivers of our adjusted EPS performance for the quarter versus a year ago. The bridge shows Legacy ConAgra EPS drivers followed by Pinnacle adjusted operating profit and the incremental capital costs associated with the acquisition. Starting on the left, Legacy ConAgra EPS performance was driven by increased adjusted operating profit, which was offset by lower pension and post retirement net -- non-service income due to reduced asset return assumptions related to fully funding the pension plan last year. EPS was also reduced by lower adjusted equity method investment earnings from our Ardent Mills joint venture as well as a higher Q3 adjusted effective tax rate of 24.3% versus 19.7% a year ago due to the prior year rate impact of passing tax reform. The impact of increased Pinnacle adjusted operating profit offset by higher incremental interest expense and share dilution from Pinnacle acquisition financing reduced EPS by approximately $0.08. Slide 39 summarizes select balance sheet and cash flow information. Cash flow from operating activities from continuing operations was $745 million for the 39 weeks ended Q3, down versus the prior year. This decline was all realized in the first half as Q3 cash flow was up versus Q3 in the prior year. CapEx for the 39 weeks ended Q3 was $236 million or approximately 3.4% of net sales for the same period, in line with our expectations. In the quarter, we paid a dividend at an annualized rate of $0.85 per share. Gross debt was $11.1 billion at the end of the third quarter, a reduction of $435 million versus the end of Q2. Net debt at the end of the third quarter was $10.8 billion and the net debt leverage ratio was approximately 4.9 times on the latest 12-months pro forma EBITDA, in line with our expectations. Since the end of the third quarter through today, we have paid off another $250 million in debt. At the end of the third quarter, our average debt maturity was approximately nine years; our weighted average coupon was approximately 4.7%, and total fixed rate debt approximated 83%. As of today, our variable rate term loan balance has been reduced from $1.3 billion at the end of the second quarter to $600 million. We remain committed to a solid investment grade credit rating and achieving our leverage ratio target of 3.5 times debt-to-adjusted EBITDA by the end of fiscal '21. As Sean noted, we do not expect that any additional divestitures will be required for us to achieve our target leverage ratio. We believe that any further divestitures could accelerate our timetable to achieve the target ratio. Slide 40 summarizes our updated fiscal year 2019 outlook for both the Legacy Pinnacle segment and total ConAgra inclusive of the impact of Pinnacle from the closing date of October 26, 2018 to the end of the ConAgra fiscal year on May 26, 2019. The updated organic net sales growth guidance removes Wesson for the entire fiscal year. All other metrics include Wesson's actual results only for the time period the business was owned and now exclude expected results for the remainder of the fiscal year. We expect organic net sales growth ex Trenton to be approximately 1%. We expect Pinnacle reported net sales to be within the original net sales guidance range and we've now tightened that range to $1.71 billion to $1.73 billion. Our guidance on profit metrics is changing to reflect our ongoing real-time A&P optimization. We now expect adjusted gross margin for total ConAgra to be below the previously provided range of 29.3% to 29.6%. Again, the primary drivers of this are the continued brand building investments with retailers along with increased cost of goods sold investments to support product and packaging innovation, and higher inflation on the Pinnacle business. Despite the lower gross margin, we expect adjusted operating margin to be above the range of 14.9% to 15.2% driven by more favorable SG&A expense as well as faster synergy capture. We are reaffirming our expectations for the effective tax rate and we now expect total Company net interest expense to be favorable and below the prior range of $390 million to $395 million as we have reduced debt ahead of our forecast. We have no change in our expected full-year share count. We are also reaffirming our guidance range for adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.03 to $2.08. We expect our improved operating margin and lower interest expense to offset the EPS impacts of the Wesson divestiture and lower-than-expected equity method investment earnings. Finally, we expect to exceed our prior synergy target of $20 million for fiscal 2019 and we are reaffirming our expectation for transaction-related amortization. As Sean mentioned, we will provide an update on synergies at Investor Day. Slide 41 provides a bit more detail on the organic net sales growth guidance. As I noted before, our prior guidance included Wesson for the full year. We are now excluding Wesson from our revised figure. By removing Wesson, our year-to-date organic sales growth increased by 20 basis points. Based on our performance through Q3, our guidance of approximately 1% organic net sales growth for the fiscal year excluding Wesson implies organic net sales growth of approximately 1.7% for the fourth quarter. That concludes my remarks. I will now pass it to the operator as Sean, Tom McGough, Darren Serrao, and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Marberger. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  The first question will be from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: This may not be the time or venue for getting into too much detail on fiscal '20 as of yet, but I guess that's obviously a key question we continue to get as folks are still uncertain, if ConAgra still needs to sort of take a step back in fiscal '20 before moving forward. I think on the December call, Sean, you talked about over delivery on synergies from Pinnacle that kind of keeps you on target for your fiscal '22 EPS target that drove the initial accretion guidance. And given this is now coming off I guess a lower fiscal '19 base, it obviously seems a bit difficult to hit that target if it all has -- if it all has to come in fiscal '21 and '22. I guess it would seem that some progress on EPS is needed in fiscal '20 to sort of be on track for that. And I'm just trying to get a sense of, even if it's broadly, am I thinking about that in the right way?
Sean Connolly: Well, you're correct. We don't give next year's guidance on our Q3 call as we've yet to review our final plan with our Board. But clearly '20 is going to be an important year for us and the building blocks for our '20 are clear. We expect momentum on Legacy ConAgra, we expect a trend bend on Pinnacle as we get into the second half, we expect strong synergy capture, and of course we expect robust deleveraging. At this point, that's about what I can give you. But you're right as well with your comments on '22, we do expect to get to a strong place. I would add it's not just on the back there of higher-than-expected synergies, it's also the recovery of the Pinnacle business through strong innovation per the comments that we had just a few minutes ago.
Andrew Lazar: And then just on -- the Pinnacle margins in the quarter came in quite a bit better than we modeled and maybe to get to even if it's the high end of Pinnacle's full-year margin target, it would suggest I guess 4Q margins would be significantly lower than what we saw in 3Q. And I guess if that's right, I'm trying to get a sense of what would drive that and I guess is that really -- do you see it as sort of a low point for Pinnacle at this stage?
Dave Marberger: Yes, Andrew. It's -- when you look at Pinnacle and you convert them from the calendar year to the ConAgra fiscal, the gross margin that they would deliver on the business has always been lower in the sort of first half of their calendar versus the second half. So because we're the May fiscal, Q3 you see lower gross margins and then same thing with Q4 so there's a seasonality aspect to that. So, you can expect to see gross margin being down a bit, which is pretty typical for their seasonality. I think as we communicated in the second quarter, inflation has been a big impact on Pinnacle, but also the planned pricing that they had wasn't executed and then they increased pretty significantly the trade promotion to try to get the volume going again off of the lost TPD. So, we've been working through these dynamics. We have our team working with the Pinnacle team and so we feel like we're going to make progress, but it's going to take some time to get on the inflation but we're working through that.
Sean Connolly: Just to add one thing -- one additional point that, Andrew. So today's point there -- our gross margins on the Pinnacle piece of the business will vary quarter to quarter just consistent with historical norms. But make no mistake about it, the absolute gross margins on the business right now are not where they should be nor are they where they will be. But I think the bigger point on that is that in our industry, gross margin expansion really comes down to brand health. When innovation is strong, consumer pull is strong and when consumer pull is strong, elasticities of demand are low. When elasticities of demand are low, manufacturers have more pricing power and then more pricing power can lead to expanding margins. In other words, all paths lead back to doing a great job for the end consumer, which is really what the ConAgra Way is all about.
Operator: The next question will be from Steve Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: So, a quick question as a follow-up to Andrew's question may be taken from a different angle, if consensus is for next year at roughly $2.17 in earnings, do you think that adequately reflects the first half/back half dynamic where I would imagine you're still wrapping a lot of Pinnacle investment and distribution losses in the first half and then maybe things -- you have a little bit of wind in your sail for the back half? Is that directionally a fair way to think about it and does -- at a high level, do you think consensus act -- presently reflects that?
Sean Connolly: Well, I don't want to comment on consensus currently because if I do, then that's kind of the equivalent of giving fiscal '20 guidance or directionally giving guidance. But I do understand the interest in Pinnacle recovery timing because as you can imagine, we're quite interested in it as well. So, let me give you just some perspective on that because I think it's important perspective. First off, I want everybody to know this is quite a bit different with regards to Pinnacle turnaround than what had to be done when I got to ConAgra four years ago in terms of degree of difficulty. That was a much heavier lift. The focus here with respect to Pinnacle is on executional issues on three brands. Now we do have to capture -- recapture the lost distribution points, but we have done that on many brands over the last several years by applying the ConAgra Way. Growth always comes down to great innovation from great brands and that's what we do. The trend will bend as we get into the back half of fiscal '20 and it will get stronger from there. Beyond that, TPD strengthening on Pinnacle will be category specific and brand specific and customer specific. We have made, as I mentioned earlier, huge progress on building new innovations on the Big 3. We'll share more with you at Investor Day. And we are working, as you might imagine, with customers to get them into the shelf resets as quickly as possible. Now obviously different customers have different windows and it also does vary by category. And as you might imagine, we are pushing for as fast as possible timing given the attractiveness of these new innovations. But in total we don't expect to see real inflection until the second half of fiscal '20 with respect to Pinnacle top line trends.
Steve Strycula: And as a quick follow-up, Sean, I appreciate your comments that ConAgra's culture is not to cut -- cost cut its way to prosperity. But how do we think about the modest reduction to the gross margin outlook in today's guidance? It seems like there's further rotation out of A&P into trade investment. Is the cost of growing in your current footprint just higher than it was before for the industry as a whole or how should investors really interpret it? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. Not really. As you could see in Dave's bridge, the gross margin is a function of both Pinnacle as well as the A&P shift. I think big picture we believe in brand building through effective programs that create consumer pull. We also want to do it efficiently. So accordingly, we apply a lot of analytical muscle to identify waste and then redeploy those funds to better brand building alternatives. So clearly we have identified a lot of inefficiency in A&P and a lot of opportunity with retailers, which really should not surprise anyone given the customer sophistication we see these days. We are frankly agnostic to where we deploy marketing investments as long as they build brands effectively and we'll go much deeper on how we do this and why we do this on Investor Day. But I think the big point is overall investment is staying pretty stable, it is moving from below the line to above the line. But these A&P reductions are not being dropped to EBIT, that's the key point, nor are they being put into price discounting. They are truly going to brand building investments with retailers and much more effectively and efficiently than they were doing previously with some antiquated marketing practices below the line.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for the questions. Could you give us an idea of the magnitude of the Easter shift on sales in the third quarter for Pinnacle? I'm hoping to better understand how much of the improved growth rate indicated in the fourth quarter guidance is because top line fundamentals at Pinnacle are starting to stabilize and how much is related to that shift?
Sean Connolly: Yes. So, I would say probably about 1.5 percentage points in this quarter would be timing that will shift to next quarter.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks. Thanks for the color there. And then another one on fourth quarter sales line. So, you're going up against a tougher year-over-year organic sales growth comparison in the fourth quarter relative to last year. Your guidance calls for a comparable organic sales growth rate. So, what do you see as the key drivers of this growth? Are there certain key products that are accelerating from distribution gains or new product launches? Just anything to call out to kind of support that growth as you go against that tougher compare.
Sean Connolly: Sure. With respect to Q4 Legacy CAG, it's really about momentum in frozen and snacks and you saw we had very good momentum there in the third quarter as well as some very strong programming that we have planned in non-measured channels. So as we look at our forecast, that's really what's going to deliver that Q4 and we feel very good about the programs that are in the marketplace.
Operator: The next question will be from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: The first one is super short. Sean, I think you said this, but I just want to be super clear. Are you reiterating your three year synergy guidance that was given at the time of the Pinnacle deal? You did it last quarter, but I think to Andrew's question, you sort of did it; but I just want to be clear that you still believe in the accretion.
Sean Connolly: Yes. On synergies because you just used the word synergy, we baked -- what we said last quarter was we're going to beat the synergy number. We'll have more detailed color for you on that in a few weeks. With respect to strong EPS performance through '22, yes, we expected last quarter that we would have strong EPS performance through '22 and basically get to roughly where we wanted to get to all along. Anyway, we still see that. And as I said last quarter, we're going to get there from a lower base. We won't get there on a straight line, but we will get there and we'll get there through a combination of higher than expected synergies and profit and margin recovery on the Pinnacle business while continuing to do what we expect with the Legacy ConAgra business.
David Driscoll: And I did mean the accretion synergies just being a component of it. Thank you for the clarification. Second question for me is on your price mix. Total Company price mix 0.7%, but the retailer investment is a big number, 1.4 points of investments with those retailers. How do you see the pricing environment? You were clear on multiple points in your script about what strong brands can do for you in terms of margins and pricing. But just today's report 0.7 points, when I just look at that aggregated number, it looks OK. But I would like to hear how you interpret this and think about that retailer investment? Do you just add it back and look at the 2.1 points of price mix and say that that is the better indicator of how well your brands are responding to the need for pricing?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think it's a better indicator. But you also have to keep in mind too, David, what we're doing here is really refreshing and premiumizing the portfolio. So, a big driver for our entire Company is just massive contemporarization through innovation. And when we do that contemporarization through innovation; we bring premiumization, we bring higher price points and ideally higher gross margin percentages. So, I pointed out last year as a good example on our frozen business, we basically restaged the entire frozen business with more premium products and much of the pricing we got through there was through that premiumization and just total overhaul of the business. There are other categories where we do it the old fashioned way and we just take inflation just by list price increases. Most recent one of those is tomatoes, which is a business where we've experienced significant inflation on canned tomatoes. We knew that it would take a while for our competition to follow, but in Q3 we took pricing anyway. It suppressed our sales a little bit on that business, but now we're seeing the kind of competitive response we expected all along and that's the right decision for the long haul. So, we're going to continue to get pricing a variety of ways. I think everybody is kind of in that ballpark these days. But in our case since we had so much refreshing to do with the portfolio, probably more of it than you see on average has been coming through this pretty wholesale innovation play that we've been driving.
David Driscoll: Dave, can I just ask one clarification to one of the numbers on top line? So in the year ago period, there was an effect from the hurricanes and shifting of inventories or shipments between quarters. Was that a benefit in this quarter and can you quantify it?
Dave Marberger: So David, it was really in the Grocery & Snacks reporting segment. We had -- if you kind of parse that, we had snacks which basically shipped to consumption as we showed strong 8% basically consumption and shipments. On the grocery side, there was a little bit of a bump because we did ship above consumption in the quarter in grocery so there was a little bit of a benefit there about 50 basis points year-on-year on that.
Sean Connolly: But I think the one thing that Dave mentioned before too is you see some of the -- you see some of the negative results in International. International actually benefited in the year ago quarter from hurricane shipments and some of the protracted problems happened in the island. So that actually represented a headwind this quarter and speaks to the decline that you see in the International piece. So, there's -- you got a bit of different noise in different operating segments, but I guess overall the net top line performance has been pretty consistent with what we expected. And overall over time, we genuine -- generally usually see shipments and consumption operate very, very closely together with little spread.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: So, I just had a question about really the optimization piece of the strategy. If you go back and look at what you did with ConAgra really legacy frozen portfolio. First, you saw some distribution weaknesses -- sorry distribution weakness and then velocities improved, but then we also started to see after that distribution gains. So if we step back and just think about only Pinnacle that we're seeing, as you said, and parts of the International business, TDPs may have come off, right, but velocities start to improve which is a positive. But when you think about the overall portfolio with Pinnacle and you speak with the retailers, I'm assuming that's really just like the first piece of the broader strategy which is improve the portfolio, improve the velocities, and then go back and get the distribution and then grow the margin. So just kind of want to -- any color as to kind of how you think about that longer-term strategy to get back to distribution gains with better velocities?
Sean Connolly: Yes. This -- you are spot on and we're going to spend a fair amount of time kind of walking you through how this works, you can call it the ConAgra Way, because it is -- it's very process oriented, it's very principle based, it's very repeatable and scalable. And basically the philosophy behind it says hey, you've got to have a solid foundation in the marketplace on which to build. So, step one is the value over volume strategy and it does create that solid foundation. Then you layer very provocative high velocity innovation on top of that and you support it and if the product is designed the right way, you get good repeat. So, it does become a virtuous cycle and that is really the model that we try to get in there and it starts with a very clear eyed assessment around what's in the marketplace and is it fully competitive versus the other stuff consumers could buy. And when businesses kind of run into executional challenges or they take their foot off the gas on innovation, it's not surprising to find that what's in the marketplace is not always fully competitive and you have to deal with that and that's exactly our approach.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. And then just quickly on the retailer investments and I realize it's always a sensitive topic to kind of get in the exact examples. But just given I feel like you've spent a little bit more in the trade for a while, but kind of the theme continues to evolve in that area. Can you just give any incremental color as to exactly what you do? I mean I think I know what you do, but kind of just to clarify.
Sean Connolly: I think the easiest way to describe it -- the easy way to describe it, Rob, is kind of what is and what was. What was in the old days, you'd go to customers and -- as a manufacturer with a bag of money and most of that money went into price based merchandising events. Now those could be very, very inefficient just rollbacks on the shelf. That was kind of the bottom feeder merchandising event. Then there was end aisle displays, that was kind of next up. And then there were the combination of in-store flyers plus displays and those usually got the best lifts. And over time what we saw is that young consumers were less and less responsive to price based discounting. They wanted more than a cheap price. They wanted higher quality. They didn't care if our Banquet Salisbury Steak was $0.88 if a Banquet Salisbury Steak was the last thing that their stomach craved. So these lifts dropped, at the same time our retailers began to become much more sophisticated because after all they sit on a couple of important things. One is a massive amount of high quality consumer data that allows targeting and personalization of marketing message. The other thing that they have is scale. So even today, as an example, we are seeing big retailers starting to realize they have major buying power when it comes to traditional marketing services like advertising, in some cases much more buying power than manufacturers of their own right. So they are increasingly becoming a high effectiveness, high efficiency conduit to the consumer. And so as we agnostically look at deploying brand building marketing, all we really care about is who's the best conduit to deliver high impact, high efficiency brand building activities to the consumer. And it is absolutely becoming clear that the customer is becoming a better and better conduit for effectiveness and efficiency in brand building year in, year out and if you look at the assets they sit on between things like scale as well as data, it shouldn't be really surprising to anybody, very different from historical mental models, but clear empirical evidence that it's more effective.
Operator: The next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: So we were talking a little bit ago about the consistency, I guess, on the consumer takeaway data versus the reported data in grocery and refrigerated. I'm curious about the frozen area. This quarter you reported 4.9% organic net sales growth in the frozen area. I think on the next page in the presentation, the consumer takeaway data this quarter was 2.6% so there was a positive gap. Was that a one-time inventory rebuild? We've heard some companies talk about extension of payment terms. Just curious about what's driven that and whether it could continue going forward, maybe it's a non-measured channel. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: It's a very good question, Alexia. A little bit of it is non-measured channels, but as I mentioned last quarter, there were some shipments that slid from late Q2 into early Q3, which is not unusual at all around the holidays. So for example, Marie Callender desert pies, that's an example of a business where we saw some shipments slide around the holidays and that's why we get kind of -- we try not to give quarterly guidance on top line because we can't exactly control when these shipments leave the docks and when they're received by customers especially when you've got major holiday events going on in things like pies. But that's a piece of it. I think the bigger point in Q3 was that consumer takeaway and the underlying fundamentals were quite strong and that does include, to your point, very strong performance in unmeasured channels. So overall, we were quite pleased not just in frozen, but with what we saw in other areas as well.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: This is a question for Dave. Dave, I think on the last call you talked about having contingency plans for CapEx in relation to hitting debt targets longer term. I didn't hear anything about the CapEx guide this year. Is it unchanged and maybe you could put a number? And then just broadly speaking, it seems like Pinnacle does need some investment in growth CapEx for coming up with carbohydrate substitutes and that requires some capacity. So, how can I reconcile those two things or is it possible to do everything while reducing CapEx?
Dave Marberger: No. Good question and so let me be clear. When I talk about managing CapEx, in no way am I talking about cutting investment that's going to drive the business. When I make a comment like that, I'm clearly talking about just managing the timing of CapEx. That's normal kind of management of investment that I've done my entire career and every company does. So, I just want to be crystal clear on that point. Our CapEx year-to-date is about 3.6% of net sales. We've said between 3% and 4% would be kind of our rate so I think we could kind of assume that it will stay in that range for the fiscal year. So -- but they're really the kind of key drivers there. But we are making investments in the business, we're doing it now, we're going to continue to do it, and we're going to manage our cash at the same time. So, we're on target there.
Sean Connolly: One other thought on that, Rob, too as well. We have existing capabilities and capital in place that we have leverage to drive innovation on Legacy ConAgra that has excess capacity and can be readily applied to some of the Pinnacle brands. For example, Birds Eye is a -- it's clearly our biggest brands and it is a business that historically was not able to get into the world of single-serve and we have industry leading single-serve capability and there -- some very unique aspect to that. That's turnkey. So we can apply that pretty quickly in a capital efficient way and drive growth and ideally margin accretion.
Robert Moskow: You haven't said much about -- today about carbohydrate substitutes, but it was a big part of your comments in December how you -- how that was what Birds Eye missed. Are we going to hear more about that in April or is it kind of something that gets pushed back longer because of co-packing needs?
Sean Connolly: No, we'll talk quite a bit in April about not only Birds Eye, but really the rest of the Company. But as when I referred in my comments today around opting out of very important consumer growth sites and dig sites, clearly the big one on Birds Eye was the spiralized piece and that's just an area that the leading brand in the category has to be in. So, you should assume that that's coming from us and we'll have lot more to say about that in a few weeks.
Operator: The next question will be from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: A couple of questions. First, it's great to see some of the Pinnacle Foods innovation already. Can you give us a sense of when you -- when we should start to expect to see some of that show up at retail?
Sean Connolly: Yes. That's really the point I was making earlier, which is we -- number one, we did really put the pedal down to build this innovation out and it has been for me personally just incredibly impressive to see what the team has done so quickly. Just because we've designed it and built it doesn't mean it's ready to start showing up in the scanner data because it's not on the shelf and so our job is to try to get it on the shelf as quickly as possible. That's sometimes easier said than done because customers do plan out their innovation pipe oftentimes a year in advance, sometimes they go 18 months in advance, and there is an element of hey, get in the queue here to do this. That said, because we're talking about brands like Birds Eye which is really a juggernaut an industry leader in the category; we're not talking that far out. We're working to get our products into these planograms as soon as we can. Some customers will try to shoot one in sooner, some will come later; but it will be category by category, customer by customer. But in total, my expectation is that we won't see a material bend in the trend until the back half of fiscal '20 and it should get stronger from there.
Jason English: And I wanted to come back to Andrew Lazar's question on Pinnacle Food margins because I don't think I was fully sated by the answer. If I've done the math correct, I think the implicit EBIT margin in the fourth quarter for PF is 9%, which is quite a big sequential step down, right. And I heard your messaging on gross margins, but the messaging there didn't seem to suggest that we would see such a dramatic drop in gross margin. So my takeaway is there must be something else going on. A, is my math, right; and B, what is -- if there is something else going on, what is it? And should we be bracing for that sort of exit rate for this year to be the entry rate into 2020?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Jason, this is Dave. I'm not quite getting the -- did you say 9% operating margin, is that what you said for Pinnacle?
Jason English: Yes, yes. That's...
Dave Marberger: Yes, it's not quite that low. You'll see gross margin come down a bit from where we are in Q3 from what I described earlier, but we're north of your number on operating margin.
Jason English: Okay. I'll revisit our math and follow up if necessary.
Dave Marberger: Okay.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Brian Kearney for his closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. The Investor Relations team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-12-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director, IR Sean Connolly - President and CEO David Marberger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Steve Strycula - UBS Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the ConAgra Brands Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Kearney, please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us and happy holidays. Ill remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements during todays call. While we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales growth, refer to measures that exclude items management beliefs impact the comparability for the period referenced. Please see the earnings press release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliation of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either of the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, ConAgrabrands.com. Finally, we will be making references to total ConAgra Brands, as well as legacy ConAgra Brands. References to legacy ConAgra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated with the recently acquired Pinnacle Foods Business. With that, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning everyone and happy holidays. Thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. On todays call, we will unpack our driving consumption and growth, particularly in our frozen and snacks businesses and we will provide our initial perspective on and plans for the Pinnacle Business. There is lot to cover, so lets jump right in. In terms of the legacy ConAgra Brands Business, we built on our recent momentum during the second quarter as we continued to gain share in key refrigerated and frozen, and grocery and snacks businesses. Given our performance to-date and our expectations for the year, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2019 sales and margin guidance for legacy ConAgra Brands. In addition to driving results in our legacy ConAgra Brands Business, we completed the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods. In the short time since weve owned the business, our team is been working hard on the integration, which is progressing seamlessly. Later in the call, well share more on what weve learned about Pinnacle over the past several weeks, including our initial plans to address some of the challenges facing that portfolio. Importantly, we believe that we have the right playbook to address these issues and that work is already underway. While todays comments regarding Pinnacle will be preliminary, we will have much more say about Pinnacle at our Investor Day on April 10, 2019 in Chicago where we plan to provide a comprehensive update on our progress, opportunities and outlook. We hope you can attend. Turning to the results for the quarter. From a high level, we continued to deliver consumption growth for legacy ConAgra Brands driven by Frozen and Snacks where we have focused our efforts on brand building and innovation. The optics of the quarter were affected by the impact of last year's hurricanes. Also, some shipment slid from late Q2 into early Q3, which is not unusual around the holidays. Overall, the sales are largely in line with our expectations. And importantly, we exceeded our margin expectations. You can see on Slide 7, our domestic retail segments continued to demonstrate the impact of the successful execution of our strategy in the form of consistent accelerating consumption trends. Consumer takeaway is the key driver of growth. Our deliberate actions to invest in brand building and deliver strong innovation slate, particularly in our Frozen and Snacks and Sweet Treats businesses is driving strong year-over-year consumption growth, as well as consistent improvement on a two year basis. It's worth noting that we posted positive year-over-year retail sales growth in every month of calendar 2018 except for September the month that we last year's hurricanes. As you can see on Slide 8, we continued to drive growth based on strong fundamentals tied to the strength of our brands, base velocities, sales and TPDs remain in fertile territory and continue to gain momentum on a two year basis. To provide the proper context for this quarter's sales performance, we would like to take a quick step back and remind you of what took place in fiscal 2018. As you may recall from Q2 of fiscal '18, we saw an uptick in demand due to the hurricanes, which increased last year's Q2 net sales by approximately 220 basis points. So don't look at this year's Q2 growth rate in isolation. As you can see on Slide 9, if we look at the growth on a two year basis, organic net sales have grown 70 basis points. We will now turn to our segment results starting with Refrigerated and Frozen. Our results here tell a tale of two things based on where we have applied our playbook and where we have not. The segment overall is up 50 basis points with Frozen, driving all of the growth. The decline in refrigerated reflects the fact that with the exception of Reddi-wip, we have yet to bring innovation to the marketplace. As one of the final pieces of the legacy ConAgra portfolio to receive attention, our Refrigerated products still appear on the shelf today largely the same way they did in the 90s, and it shows in the results. However, there's a slate of exciting innovations coming to Refrigerated in 2019, we will debut these exciting international Egg Beaters and spread innovations at our Investor Day in April. So stay tuned. We've talked a lot in prior quarters about the successful implementation of our playbook in Frozen. As you can see on Slide 11, that success continues. We are reinvigorating and leading this $5.2 billion category. And our Frozen single-serve meals continue to be the fastest growing in terms of total retail sales. The chart on this page demonstrates that our growth in the absolute is not only strong but accelerating. This growth has been the result of our rigorous approach to modernizing and premiumizing our brands through renovation and innovation and that is our view, we're increasing our whole penetration, average selling prices are moving up and promotions are moving down. We're growing both sales and distribution, and customers are benefiting via category growth and improved margins. As you can see on the left, weve also benefited from increasing household penetration, which continues to build. In the most recent quarter alone, we attracted 1.7 million more households to our products, which is on top of the 1.8 million added a year ago. While we see growth coming from all age cohorts, including millennial, Gen X and Boomers, our growth does over-index to younger-generations. Younger consumers are clamouring for contemporary frozen foods, but large manufacturers have been slow to move in that direction. Weve incorporated the modern food attributes millennials value into our iconic brands to re-imagine our frozen portfolio. As a result, were capturing an outsized share of the growth among millennials and Gen X consumers. Slide 14 emphasizes once again how the strength of our brands is allowing us to capture growth the right way. As the chart on the left shows, given our product quality improvements, we have been able to consistently increase the price per unit in our frozen single serve meals. At the same time, our single serve meals are requiring fewer promotions, and our approach is not only having a positive impact on our results, but its also driving category growth in frozen single serve meals overall. In the last 52 weeks, the category is up $138 million with $184 million of that coming from us. Our retailers value what were doing and their hungry for more. Results of our efforts in frozen could not be more clear, our legacy ConAgra Frozen single serve meals are the fastest growing in the industry, both in terms of retail sales and total point of distribution. This demonstrates that our proven approach to brand building and innovation is helping us gain share. Retailers care about category growth and their allocating more shelve space to our products, because were driving the growth in the category. Importantly, we continue to see years of runway in frozen and expect the space to benefit from long-term demographic tailwinds. ConAgra is in a tremendous position to capitalize on this opportunity, especially after the acquisition of Pinnacle Foods and its strong portfolio of frozen brands. Turning to our grocery and snacks segment, as a reminder this segment was heavily impacted by last years hurricane, particularly in our shelf stable meals and sides businesses, which benefited from the pantry stocking behavior that typically takes place around the major storm. If you look at just the snacks businesses, we grew organic net sales by 3.8% during the quarter. As a reminder, we have nearly $2 billion snacks and sweet treats business that is large but focused. By applying the ConAgra playbook, were delivering strong and accelerating growth in this important business, including 6.4% retail sales growth in the second quarter. We see a tremendous opportunity for that growth to continue. At the National Association of Convenient Store Show, also known as NACS, we gave you our new approach to snacks and sweet treats to our retailers. Slide 19 shows some of the innovation we introduced, which includes new varieties and on on-trend flavors and reflects our focus on optimizing price by architecture with multiple product configurations. Our products were well received and we expect to continue to build on the strong momentum we delivered in the quarter as these new innovations hit the market in 2019. So, we feel good about our momentum in the legacy ConAgra business, and now we have the opportunity to build that momentum overtime with the acquisition of Pinnacle. So, lets talk Pinnacle. Our second quarter includes 31 days of Pinnacles results. We remain excited about the opportunities presented by the combine portfolio, the addition of Pinnacle, expand our presence in our most strategic categories, including frozen foods and snacks, and brings together two complementary portfolios of iconic brands. We successfully closed the transaction faster than originally expected. And frankly, I'm glad we've taken the reins. We've all seen the weak scanner data on key Pinnacle brands over the past several months, and the 31 days of results were reporting today aren't where they need to be. We need to bring our executional capabilities to the Pinnacle business now. We've spent eight weeks since close going deep on the Pinnacle business. We now have a clear understanding of the source of the weakness in the business and we've started to take action. I'm going to spend a few minutes sharing what we've learned. I'm also going to be transparent about where we see the Pinnacle business landing its legacy fiscal year versus its standalone targets and most importantly I'm going to speak to the opportunity that lies ahead.  Here are the key takeaways. First, near-term issues do exist in the Pinnacle business, but they are fixable and we are the right team to fix them. ConAgra has the capabilities to put Pinnacle's brands back on track and deliver for its customers and consumers and shareholders. Second, our work in these initial weeks post close has revealed the opportunity to exceed our initial synergy target for the transaction. And third, I don't want there to be any doubt we are as excited as ever to have the Pinnacle family of brands in our portfolio. Let's look back at Pinnacles recent history. Its business strength in the years since its IPO relies heavily on strong innovation and flawless execution on what Pinnacle historically referred to as its leadership brand; Birds eye, Wishbone and Duncan Hines among others. This contributed to steady growth sustained over time. Slide 24 shows that growth stalled on these three key leadership brands in 2018. Given this, previous share gains were reversed, Birdseye, Duncan Hines and Wishbone have all suffered sales and distribution losses this past year and this weakness accounts for the vast majority of Pinnacles current challenges. So what happened? Simply put, innovation and execution came up short. And when that happens, in my experience, a virtue led cycle can sometimes emerge and that appears to be the case with respect to Pinnacles leadership brand. While there was plenty of innovation activity over the past two years, the results clearly show the innovation was insufficient to sustain growth, primarily because it was subpar in its execution. With regards to execution, Pinnacle over-extended new items in the same demand pool, favored high margins over high quality and highly competitive products, and missed some major consumer trends. These missteps ultimately undermined brand strength and pricing power, while gross productivity was insufficient to make up for operational offsets like a major product recall. Instead of improving the products more subpar SKU entered the market, which led to even more inefficient SKU proliferation. And then to try to jumpstart volume, low ROI trade was infused behind price promotion; compounding this unenviable situation with acute cost inflation, particularly in transportation and better innovation from the competition; and as you'd expect the side effect of disappointed customers. When Birdseye, Duncan Hines and Wishbone delve further into the virtue led cycle and brand performance stalled, customers reduced distribution. Since then, each brand has lost shared with competition. Given these dynamics, the Pinnacle business will unfortunately under-deliver its pretty close internal standalone targets. On sales, we now estimate the Pinnacle portfolio will land calendar year 18 at roughly $3 billion, which is about $160 million or 5% below Pinnacles target. Approximately $30 million of this miss is driven by our post close decisions to exit some year-end promotions that we saw as extremely low ROI. At adjusted gross margin, we now estimate Pinnacle would have closed out calendar year 18 at approximately 28%, which is roughly 230 basis points below it's internal targets. Dave will go deeper on all of this shortly. As you think about the balance of this fiscal year, keep in mind that historically, Pinnacles gross margin performance was lower in the front half of the calendar year than the back half. So clearly, these results are highly disappointing and they mean were going to be putting our near-term focus on fixing the fundamentals before the business returns to growth. And we will restore growth. Despite recent declines in sales and distribution, base velocities have been improving as non-investment grade SKUs are being pruned. Most of the Pinnacle products that remain on shelves today are high quality, which gives us a good base to build from. Let me be clear, Pinnacles current challenges can and will be fixed. Working collaboratively with the Pinnacle team, we are taking action to reverse these trends, returning off inefficient trade deals, shutting down weak innovation projects and identifying areas where focus is desperately needed. We have also devised an action plan. First things first, we will continue to flawlessly integrate the business. Our people, processes and technology integrations are on track today, and we will not lose focus on that important work. Second, we will implement our value over volume approach on the Pinnacle portfolio, with an eye on cutting weak and low margin SKUs, and redesigning trade programs for better ROI. And third, we will leverage our proven insights and innovation capabilities to rebuild Pinnacle's volume base through innovation and renovation that modernizes and premiumizes Pinnacle brands. We will return these iconic brands to the desired level of performance, and we will do it convincingly. But it wont happen overnight. Pinnacle's fiscal year was aligned to the calendar year. And as a result, it has communicated much of its 2019 innovation and trade plans to customers pre-close. Fortunately, this work was built on the same week and footing embedded in Pinnacles 2018 initiatives. As I mentioned, we are absolutely stopping the initiatives that we can responsibly stop. But most of our new word wont be ready to show customers until well into calendar 2019. As a result, I dont expect the material improvement in Pinnacles underlying trends until the second half of ConAgra's fiscal 2020. Now that you have a sense of the actions were taking on the brand execution side of the house, let me spend a moment on our transaction expectations, first synergies. In short, we see more opportunity here than we initially estimated. Now that weve had a chance to go deeper and get more granular in areas where we just couldnt get full transparency in pre-close, were quite pleased. Dave will talk more about this during his comments. But not only are we on track to deliver $250 million of cost synergies by fiscal 2022, we see real upside. In fact, current chemical weakness means we are starting from a lower pace in fiscal year 2019, more on that from Dave in a minute, we expect to over deliver on cost synergies and hit fiscal 2020 EPS that drove our original EPS accretion guidance for this transaction. Finally, we remain committed to the leverage targets that we previously announced, as well as a solid investment grade credit rating. So to sum up pinnacle for now, the deterioration in the legacy Pinnacle business over the course of calendar year 2018 means we have some hard work to do. However, my confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth for investors with this acquisition is unwavering. One, the strategic logic for this transaction remains compelling. The acquisition provides us with iconic brands in attractive categories, including frozen and snacks. It offers us greater scale with customers and increases our health and wellness credentials. Two, challenges that the pinnacle businesses face has been largely self-inflicted due to subpar innovation and executional missteps. And we have the right capabilities to address these challenges. And three, let me reiterate our transaction expectations remain intact. In short, the implication of our assessment is one of near-term timing and not of absolute success. Looking ahead, we will not take our foot off the gas in the legacy ConAgra business, we will continue to roll out innovation and to drive the top line and build upon our accelerated momentum in frozen snacks, searching to seize opportunities in Refrigerated and condiments and enhancers and ensure our reliable contributor businesses are competitive. We also remain squarely focused on executing across our margin drivers to fuel growth. And as we just discussed, we have already mobilized to aggressively apply our playbook to the Pinnacle portfolio. We look forward to sharing a comprehensive update on our progress and outlook during our Investor Day on April 10th in Chicago. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Marberger: Thank you, Sean and good morning everyone. Slide 33 outlines our performance for the quarter. As Sean I mentioned, Q2 came in largely in line with our expectations for legacy ConAgra. I'll walk through the quarter and elements of both the legacy ConAgra and Pinnacle businesses, and share our perspectives on the balance of the year. So let's jump in. Net sales for the second quarter were up 9.7% compared to a year ago, reflecting the inclusion of pinnacle for 31 days. Organic net sales, excluding the effects of the sale of Trenton, were down 1.6%. Organic net sales were impacted by both the hurricanes in Q2 a year ago and some quarter-end shipments that moved into early Q3. For the quarter, adjusted gross profit increased 7.6% to $704 million and adjusted gross margins declined 58 basis points to 29.5%. The addition of Pinnacle's results drove the adjusted gross profit dollar improvement, and I'll walk you through the adjusted gross margin bridge in a moment. In the quarter, total company A&P expense decreased to $69 million or 2.9% of net sales. Although, down from the prior year, our investment was up from 2.3% of net sales in the first quarter due to seasonality. The year-on-year comparison reflects our continued shift from A&P investment to higher ROI retail retailer marketing. Adjusted SG&A for the quarter was down 4.4% compared to the prior year and was 9.1% of net sales. The decrease was primarily driven by lower incentive base compensation in the legacy ConAgra business. This included lower stock based compensation expense due to the lower share price, which was partially offset by the addition of expenses related to the Pinnacle Business. Adjusted operating profit increased 22.3% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 17.5%, up 181 basis points versus year ago. Higher than expected gross margin in legacy ConAgra, together with favorable SG&A and AMP spending, contributed to these results. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.67 for the quarter up 21.8% in the prior year, driven by strong operating profit in the legacy ConAgra business. Slide 34, outlines the drivers of our net sales change versus the same period a year ago. During the quarter, organic net sales growth ex-Trenton, declined 1.6%. Sales related to the two Hurricanes in the second quarter a year ago negatively impacted net sales by an estimated 220 basis points. This impact was partially offset by an increase in price mix before retailer marketing investments of 1.1%. Total ConAgra net sales grew 9.7%, driven by the acquisitions of Pinnacle, Angie's and Sandwich Bros. The sales of the Trenton facility in Canadian Del Monte business partially offset the acquisition benefits. FX negatively impacted net sales by 40 basis points versus the prior year due to the weakening of the Mexican Peso and Canadian dollar. Slide 35, outlines the adjusted gross margin change for the quarter. We continued our strategic increase in retailer and marketing investments in the second quarter, which reduced adjusted gross margin by 40 basis points. Input cost inflation of 2.9% in the second quarter negatively impacted adjusted gross margin another 200 basis points. Transportation and warehousing costs were up 10% in the quarter. We also saw inflation on packaging and certain ingredients with deflation in proteins, fats and oils. We offset most of the inflation in the legacy ConAgra business with favorable price mix and realized productivity improvements, which improved adjusted gross margin 180 basis points for the second quarter. Mix was negatively impacted in the quarter from higher margin Hurricane related food service volumes sold in the prior year second quarter. Pinnacle adjusted gross margin was in line with legacy ConAgra for Q2. Turning to Slide 36. This outlines our net sales performance by reporting segments. The grocery, snacks and food service segments were both negatively impacted in the quarter by the prior year sales resulting from the two Hurricanes. The grocery and snacks organic net sales decline was partially offset by organic net sales growth of 3.8% for the snacks and sweet treats business, driven by retail consumption of 6.4% in the quarter. The food service business was further impacted by the sale of the Trenton facility. Excluding the Hurricane and threaten impacts, food service net sales would have been approximately flat versus the year ago. On refrigerated and frozen, as Shaun discussed, organic net sales were up 0.5%, driven by continued strong performance in frozen of plus 1.8%, partially offset by a decline at refrigerated of 4.8%. Our legacy ConAgra single-serve frozen meal performance continued to be very strong with retail consumption up 11.3% in the quarter. International segment organic net sales were up 3.9% in the quarter, driven by both volume and price mix strength. Pinnacle delivered $259 million in net sales in the second quarter. Moving to Slide 37. You can see that legacy ConAgra adjusted operating profit increased 5.4% and legacy ConAgra adjusted operating margin came in at 16.9% for the second quarter, significantly above both year ago performance and second quarter guidance. Pinnacle adjusted operating margin was 22% as lower than expected gross margin was offset by better than estimated SG&A and A&P reductions. Total ConAgra adjusted operating profit was up 22.3% versus a year ago and adjusted operating margin was 17.5% for the second quarter. Slide 38 outlines the drivers of our 21.8% adjusted EPS improvement for the quarter versus a year ago. We prepared the bridge to first show legacy ConAgra EPS drivers, followed by the Pinnacle adjusted operating profit and then incremental capital costs associated with the acquisition. Starting on the left, legacy ConAgra EPS grow from $0.55 to $0.68 was driven by increased adjusted operating profit along with a lower effective tax rate and lower weighted average shares prior to our equity issuances related to the Pinnacle acquisition. The impact of increased Pinnacle adjusted operating profit offset by higher incremental adjusted interest expense and share dilution from the debt and equity issues to finance the Pinnacle acquisition reduced EPS to $0.67. Even with the dilutive impact of Pinnacle, EPS of $0.67 for the second quarter exceeded the legacy ConAgra guidance of $0.57 to $0.60. Slide 39 summarizes select balance sheet and cash flow information for the quarter. Cash flow from operating activities from continuing operations was $251 million for the six months ended Q2, which was down from a year ago due to higher costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures and higher working capital driven by the shift and the timing of AR cash collections. CapEx for the six months ended Q2 was $133 million, up slightly versus year ago due to the timing of projects. Net debt at the end of the second quarter was $11.1 billion, representing a net debt leverage ratio of approximately 5 times on the latest 12 months pro forma EBITDA in line with our expectations. At the end of the second quarter, our average debt maturity was approximately nine to 10 years, and our weighted average coupon was approximately 4.7%. At the end of the second quarter, fixed rate debt was approximately 83% of our total debt. There are no prepayment penalties on our variable rate term loans, which totaled $1.3 billion at the end of Q2 giving us flexibility to de-lever. As Sean mentioned, we are pleased with the progress we've made in identifying synergies and we expect to deliver more than the $250 million in total cost synergies we previously disclosed. As a reminder, our synergy estimates are net of additional reinvestments, and we expect this net synergy estimate to benefit the P&L between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2022. We expect to over deliver on our synergy targets without incurring any cash costs to achieve above the estimated $355 million. We estimate that we will deliver approximately $20 million in synergy savings or about 10% of the originally disclosed amount for full year fiscal 2019. As for the sources of upside, we see incremental savings primarily in the areas of SG&A and procurement. We are still working the details but intend to deliver these higher savings as quickly as possible. As Sean mentioned, we anticipate leveraging the synergy upside to deliver strong EPS growth of the estimated fiscal year 2019 EPS phase to get us through the fiscal year '22 EPS target that drove our original EPS accretion guidance for this transaction. We will provide more information supporting a new long term algorithm at our Investor Day on April 10th. And finally, we remain committed to our debt leverage targets, which I will discuss shortly. Slide 41 summarizes our updated fiscal year 2019 outlook for both the legacy ConAgra business and the total company inclusive of the impact of Pinnacle from the closing date of October 26, 2018 through the end of the ConAgra fiscal year, May 26, 2019. In the first column, you'll see that we are reaffirming our legacy ConAgra fiscal year 2019 full year guidance. For this business, which still includes estimates for Wesson for the full year 2019, we expect organic net sales growth to be in the range of 1% to 2%, excluding the impact of the Trenton facility sale. We also expect that legacy ConAgra reported net sales to be about 50 basis points lower than organic due to net divestitures and estimated negative FX. We continue to expect adjusted gross margin for legacy ConAgra to be in the range of 29.7% to 30%. As we've been discussing, this metric is affected by our continued shift of A&P investments to higher ROI retailer marketing investments. It is also affected by an expected input cost inflation rate of 3% to 3.2% of cost of goods sold. We continue to expect legacy ConAgra adjusted operating margin in the range of 15% to 15.3%. For Pinnacle, we estimate net sales will be down mid-single digits for our fiscal year 2019 versus the same period a year ago. This equates to $1.7 billion to $1.75 billion in Pinnacle net sales for the seven month period that Pinnacle will be included in ConAgra Brands from fiscal 2019. This estimate reflects the negative consumption trends in the Pinnacle business along with an estimated $30 million of negative net sales impact from our post-close decision to exit some low ROI price promotions that Sean discussed earlier. We are estimating Pinnacle adjusted gross margins of 27% to 27.3% for the seven months period of performance in fiscal 2019. Pinnacle's input cost inflation is currently trending over 5% with expectations for that to continue through the end of our fiscal year 2019. The Pinnacle gross margin estimate includes the benefit of approximately 100 basis points due to certain accounting reclassifications between cost of goods sold in SG&A that we recorded as we conform Pinnacle's accounting practices with ConAgra's. We are estimating all-in Pinnacle adjusted operating margins of 14.6% to 14.9%. The Pinnacle reporting segment is being impacted by both the intangible asset amortization expense estimated at $17 million for the period and an estimate of $20 million in cost reduction synergies. Also included in those estimates are Pinnacle related expenses that will ultimately be recorded in total ConAgra corporate expense and not the segment for fiscal year 2019. We are also providing additional updated total company guidance today. We are estimate an adjusted effective tax rate of 24% to 25% for fiscal year 2019. We estimate adjusted net interest expense in the range of $390 million to $395 million, and we estimate average diluted shares outstanding of approximately 446 million for full year fiscal 2019. Finally, we are estimating adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2.03 to $2.08, reflecting the outlook information outlined. As we have consistently communicated, we remain strongly committed to a solid investment grade credit rating and our target leverage ratio is 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA, which we expect to reach by the end of fiscal year 2021. As previously announced, we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend in the current annual rate of $0.85 per share during fiscal year 2019. We suspended our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. And we will consider repurchasing shares if we are tracking ahead of our leverage targets. Also, we have approximately $720 million remaining on our capital loss carry-forward, which does not expire until the end of fiscal year 2021. On Tuesday, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement to sell the Wesson Oil Brand to Richardson International. We expect the transaction to be closed by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2019 subject to customary closing conditions. That concludes my remarks. I will now pass it to the operator. Sean, Tom McGough, Darren Serrao and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, first off, just I know Sean that Pinnacle had its own gross margin targets before the deal was announced. And it seems to us that maybe some of this could be incremental to the Pinnacle deal synergy target that you had put out there. So a more optimistic scenario could have led maybe closer to 10% of sales as synergies rather than the stated 7%. And I admit that that was before the deal closed. But it certainly sounded to us that you thought maybe initially that some of that Pinnacle margin opportunity could be delivered upon under ConAgras ownership. So it certainly doesnt seem like thats the case at this point. Is it a matter of just digging in the Pinnacle once the deal closed and finding out some of the things that you mentioned? Or I guess just another way of asking. Is the pinnacle asset just in a completely different place than maybe you thought it was when you agreed to the deal, because Im still -- I guess Im seeing some of the -- hearing some of the language that youre using in describing the asset and the position its currently in. And weve all seen the scanner data. But it just -- that seems far more severe right than I think at least I would have expected?
Unidentified Company Representative : Let me try to tackle that, Andrew, theres a lot in there. Clearly, weve coveted this portfolio for a while, because of the long-term value creation potential it offers. Unfortunately, as you know, there is only so much you can see in the public company diligence, particularly when you buy a competitor. But as youve heard in our prepared remarks, we can see it all now. And from the beginning, we took a conservative approach, both to the price we offer and our synergy commitments and now we are glad we did. Because while we are starting from a lower base, we anticipate delivering strong EPS growth off of that new base and actually hitting the 2022 EPS target that drove our original EPS accretion guidance for this transaction. Clearly, the gross margin status within the Pinnacle portfolio right now is not where we expected it to be or wanted it to be, but make no mistake about it. The gross margin potential for business is still there. Gross margin in many ways is a symptom of the health of the brands. And as we laid out earlier today in our prepared remarks, there are really three brands that are driving the vast majority of the weakness here, Birds Eye, Duncan Hines and Wish-Bone. And those are the businesses that we got to get on stack. It's not going to be overnight. Weve got some work to do. But there is not a doubt in our mind that there is significant opportunity to get those brands back where they need to be. Its just going to take some work. Weve got to apply basically the ConAgra playbook we applied to our own portfolio back in 2015. Weve got to do it to Pinnacle, particularly on those three businesses.
Andrew Lazar: And could you just briefly remind us the initial accretion target that you speak of going out to 2022, because very back of the envelope math. Maybe you have suggested that possible double-digit EPS CAGR off of that fiscal '19 base would be possible to get you to where you expected to be by 2022 initially. Is that a fair way of looking at it in terms of how we should we interpret the go forward guidance off of this lower 2019 base at this point?
Sean Connolly: Well give you the entire algorithm and the full story around Pinnacle and our total company at Investor Day. But let me break it down, because I think its the importance to the folks on the call just in terms of how we think about this 2022 EPS. Before we bought Pinnacle, we had a base plan that excluded major acquisitions and included share buybacks. And that previous base plan was the EPS benchmark weve looked deep in the context of the deal. So when evaluating Pinnacle the assumptions we had at the time, we concluded the acquisition would deliver high single-digit EPS accretion relative to that previous base plan. Obviously, that accretion translated to an absolute EPS number in our model. What were telling you today is that the starting point is lower due to Pinnacles year end business weakness. But given the synergy over delivery we now expect and the business recovery, we expect to get right back to the same place at EPS by 2022. Clearly, the year-on-year EPS growth will now be higher since 2019 is lower, so the CAGR will be higher.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead. 
David Driscoll: John, I wanted just to go back over Pinnacle, I mean, Ive heard that we can -- you said it. But I wanted to just try to ask question about your 2022 target that we look at differently. North of 5% inflation is a very strong number, you dont see that number very often in package view companies, typically results in gross margin compression but the target enough price to offset that level of inflation. You've also shown very clearly all these distribution losses. I'm going to boil it down. I think, what I think you're trying to tell us that I need you to course correct me. Is this confidence that you can get to the 2022 numbers really based upon a very significant over delivery on synergies or are there some really big things that need to happen on the Pinnacle business, i. e. sales half that really start to improve, pricing needs to accelerate dramatically? I guess I just want to get this out in the open, because I think people will really worry about if you have to do something heroic to Pinnacle in order to get to that 2022 goal. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Let me start there and Dave you can fill in more detail on inflation and things like that, because you want to come back to a threshold point here. The vast majority of Pinnacle's challenges reside within three businesses, and I talked a little earlier around what's driven the challenges there. There is no question in my mind that we will make progress on these three businesses, one of them for example is Birds Eye. Birds Eye is an extraordinary brand. It is number one in the veggie and veggie-based meal space. And good things are still happening within the franchise like the Veggie Meal. But the brand architecture has become too fragmented in this finalized space within vegetables with flat out passed over for being too low margin. And when the consumer is hyper passionate about our space as they are about spiralized, you just can't opt out. You've got to give the consumer what they want and figure the margin challenge out as you go. If you opt out, the competitor will fill the vacuum and that's exactly what happened. The good news is as the number one brand you've always got the opportunity to get back in. And if you look at the Bird's Eye performance in the market over the last few years five years or so it's been nothing short of extraordinary. If you look at Duncan Hine, this is another good news bad news story. Good news is that Duncan Hines has gotten a fair amount of attention over the past two years, and it's been highly responsive. And that makes sense to me, because Duncan Hines is an iconic brand. However, the mental model at Pinnacle was to think of Duncan Hines as a cake mix brand. And accordingly, last year's innovation was named after a portion size it was called perfect size for one, and that cake frame of reference was highly limited. And then when the SKU proliferation occurred to sell optimal execution was really exposed. So the way that we think about this here at ConAgra is we think of Duncan Hines as a sweet treat brand not as a cake mix. We view perfect size for one not as a portion control cake, but as a convenient warm sweet treat. And as the frame of reference being different, the product design would've been different. And frankly, it would've been more appealing. And unfortunately, the competition figured this out and has been stealing share, so we've got work to do. And then the third one that we pointed to was Wish-Bone. Now this is a big category. It's also a great brand. But frankly it has not benefited from enough disruptive innovation. What has been launched hasn't resonated, for example the - yellow line and that will change. And not only will we innovate within Wish-Bone, we will look at leveraging other iconic ConAgra brands as leverage to disrupt the salad dressing category.  So we've got a very strong handle on all three of these big businesses and we've got plans that are already being mobilized against. And with respect to the inflation, you point out 5 is a high number. But don't forget in veggies we had a bad crop year this year and bad crop years do happen. And those are transitory issues, so you're not going to have a bad crop, here you have a bad one, you have some good ones. So that too shall pass. We do have other elements in inflation that continue to be pesky like transportation that everybody is struggling with. But the overall point Im making here is I do not seek any need for heroic action. What I see need for is clarity of thinking and an excellent execution of the very same ConAgra playbook that we have applied to different brands over and over again. Dave?
David Marberger: Yes. So just to build on that, if you look at the calendar year 2018 chart that Sean showed. The gross margins are 220 basis points below the Pinnacle forecast. Half of that mix was from inflation on freight transportation and also as Sean just mentioned coming out of the fresh pack season with higher vegetable inflation. Another part of that though was given the volumes of clients that Sean discussed in the big 3 Pinnacle attempted to add price promotions in the second half to make up for the volume. These were not efficient programs and result in additional gross margin erosion. So to Seans point, the inflation is transitory. Were on it. And were also in the process of eliminating these inefficient trade deals. So were confident that were going to work through this. But the forecast that we put out through the end of fiscal 19 reflects the continued inflation on vegetables and us working through the inefficient trade.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: One thing I wanted to understand a little bit better is I understand the virtue less cycle that you've talked about. But I dont quite understand why Pinnacles performance worsened so suddenly. And I imagine its largely because of the disappointed customers you talked about with shelf reset, so theres that. And then I guess adjacent to that, I understand you cant do all of your due-diligence that you want to do on a competitor. But it still feels I think to some people Ive talked to this morning and I'll admit to me too like the due-diligence could have been better, right? And I wanted to ask you about that, because why werent the conversations being held with customers to see that this was going to come? So this feels like a really big surprise to most of us, something that maybe could have been a little bit avoided but maybe not. I just wanted to get your thought on that.
Sean Connolly: I appreciate that Ken. I will tell you that our passion for this business did not lead us to overlook anything at all as already mentioned, theres only so much you cant see in public due diligence. There were, Pinnacle it's not a brand, its a diverse company of brands. And so there were obviously businesses that were up and businesses that were down, we were back that in the middle diligence, Wish-Bone as an example with the business, one of the businesses that was beginning to show challenges. But as you can see in your own charts, a lot of what were talking about here has really accelerated very dramatically in the second half of this calendar year. So thats pretty late in the equation. Its disappointing Im not going to tell you that we are not disappointed with the State of the Union. But by the same token, I would tell you we are very confident that we know exactly what to do here, not an overnight trip. This is going to be fundamentals and hard work as weve done before. But these are very good brands. I just pointed out weve got a concentration here on three businesses. The big one is Birds Eye. Birds Eye was the latest one to emerge, to your question, in terms of it's really showing its weakness. And it was for the reasons that I just described and a more active competitor there. So these are not structural issues were talking about here. These are real business performance issues but there are executional issues, and theyre ones that we will be on top of as we go forward. And were going to share with you what exactly those plans look like and what the cadence is about getting these businesses right where they need to be when we do our Investor Day in April.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: So two questions, the first would be for you I guess Sean or Dave. On the revenue, slight miss in the second quarter for the base ConAgra business. It sounds like it was a calendar shift. Can you walk us through that a little bit more, maybe like what caught you off guard? What business gets better sequential? And then Ive got a follow up. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, glad to be brought this up. Let me talk net sales, because I know you all see the ramp in net sales in the second half and therefore it'd be on your mind. I wanted you to just be very clear of where we stand on this. Overall, we are very pleased with our top line strength. I think you can see from our presentations, and Im talking legacy CAG here. I think you could see from our presentations, we have been very successful innovating and modernizing our brands. And because of the Pinnacle acquisition, we have done something out of ordinary for us, which is provide quarterly guidance for past two quarters, which is something we prefer not to do given typical shipment volatility around quarter close. We saw a bit of that this quarter as some of our shipments fell after ThanksGiving and into December. So youre really talking about a small shift here really between ThanksGiving and Christmas. And as I mentioned earlier that is not a typical, and it can add some unpredictability to how our revenue was recognized in the quarter. But most importantly, our consumption patterns have continued to build, which is the real story we want to stress, and that will translate to a very strong second half. And the way to think about that ramp is that our first half innovation is now hitting its stride fully out there in the marketing programs they're on and our second half slate, which includes the snacking initiatives I just showed, is very strong and it's also very good mix. And on top of that, the pricing that we have taken is now in the marketplace and being realized, particularly in the second half; so all of that conspires to result in continued momentum on our top line, which we feel very good about for the balance of the year, and the reiteration of our standalone legacy ConAgra guidance.
Steve Strycula: And then Im sure you addressed this at Investor Day. But can you walk us through preliminary, like how frequent are the shelves reset in some of these core problematic Pinnacle categories, my understand is maybe twice a year. Clearly, the March window seems like thats probably going to be a miss in terms of refreshing innovation pipeline. But can you speak to from a calendar perspective whether new product can be in place by September, or is this really a much deeper turn in the base business. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Well, a couple of points here. One is as you might imagine when we really got a handle on that whats going to happen in some of these TPDs, because of the weakness of the Pinnacle innovation, we have sprung into action to stop further proliferation of similar types of SKUs. But weve also sprung in action in terms of rebuilding a new innovation pipeline with the Pinnacle team and the ConAgra team working arm and arm to do that, but thats going to take some time. Its not going to be all at the exact same window, so it wont all be the beginning of the second half of 2020. Whatever we can get into the marketplace faster, we will get in.  And by the way, on TPDs and shelf set, different categories have different numbers of modes that are reset during the year and they happen at different times. But just a couple of words on TPDs, because I think it is top of mind for everybody. Big picture, the key to strong distribution for any given brand are, A, superior innovation and B, the category leading velocities that follow. So if you think about legacy CAG, we have industry leading velocities and key businesses like frozen single serve meals. But were actually under skewed today, which is why we continue to grow TPDs and we see further upside from here. Pinnacle, obviously has had their innovation challenges at the same time and better innovation from competition and that's translated to TPD losses. We will fix that. Another point I want to make on TPDs that you need to keep in mind as you look at TPD, because I think it can be a helpful metric but it also can be misleading, which is the case right now for example on our largest legacy ConAgra business Marie Callender. Let me tell you what's going on with Marie, because Marie is in a very good place right now. Recall, we did a full restage on Marie Callender this year. We reformulated all the products for higher quality, they are higher margin. We eliminated low value SKUs. We've redesigned and modernized the packaging. We launched comfort bowls and we're also optimizing our trade promotions. So overall what we are seeing is that the brand is healthier with growing base sales, higher margins and less trade promotion. TPDs though are actually down by design and that's because we work with retailers to get more facings on our top movers. So if you look at Q2 as an example on Marie Callender, we saw a velocity improvement of 7% in Q2 over last year and we will take that trade all day long, because it results in a stronger P&L top and bottom line. But you can't see that dynamic when you look at TPD. So as you talk to us even off the call and youre trying to understand this, let's look at TPD but let's -- we'll try to give you the full story in terms of what we're doing strategically to drive overall better real estate. Because in other words what I'm telling you is TPDs can be a blunt instrument. They only tell you how many items scan, skews scan at a store. They don't tell you how much real estate a brand actually occupies.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: I want to come back like many people to really make sure I understand what's happening in Pinnacle. We saw the first half of the year delivered right through and you reported that. And I know you mentioned that the profit contribution from Pinnacle's blow your expectations this quarter. But it looks like it's flowed through around 22% EBIT margin, which isn't that bad. It's just a shade of what we were expecting. So I look at those data points and I contemplate what you're saying about profitability on the forward. And it sounds like the vast majority of the drop is what's happening now and what's going to be happening over the next few quarters, not necessarily what's happened already to reported results. Is that fair? And related to that, for me to bridge to your EBIT guidance and theres a lot of guess work here to recalendarize the base. I have to cut profit by almost 30% year-on-year for the back half of the year, which seems very, very jarring. Can you help walk me to what's going to drive that such a substantial downtick on the forward, especially when I contemplate what you're saying about point out inefficiency point out inefficient promotions and some other things that sound like they may actually help you?
Sean Connolly: First, Im going to take the big picture, Jason, just to come back to the Pinnacle business. And I think I've talked about this in quite a bit of detail today. But the way this virtuous cycle, as I described it manifests itself, is when your innovation is subpar, it does not show out of the gates. It shows up eventually. And it's clearly -- the side effects of it are showing up in the back half of this calendar year frankly very recently. And it is manifesting itself in increased significant distribution cuts on the three businesses as I talked about. As you can imagine, once youre cut and youve got half way to get back in, but it's not going to be with the exact same items that have just been discontinued. You basically got to rebuild the innovation pipe and get it back in when the products are ready and when the window is open. And hence the amount of time its going to take to get this thing back. But if you look at whether or not that is executional or structural, it's clearly executional in nature. These brands are still number one in their categories, Birds Eye's example by a country mile. So we've got work to do but well get it back in. In terms of the near-term flows, Dave?
David Marberger: So, Jason I understand the confusion right, because it's a stop here, because we closed October and there is a lot here. So let me try to break it down for you little bit if you look at our quarter that is basically the month of November for Pinnacle. And youre right it shows a higher operating margin relative to what we forecast. November is probably the highest single margin month for Pinnacle, because their margins are higher in the second half of their year than the first half. So, were basically capturing one month where gross margins are in the 29. But if we look at that month relative to the prior year month, which you dont see, it's down about 200 basis points. So the first point is and it's reflected on that calendar year 2018 chart. The gross margin versus prior year trending down to 220 basis points is directionally. The second piece is that and we did say it and in our comments is that we have made some decisions to pull low ROI programs, which had an impact on sales of about $30 million. So that is also in our forecast, because you're pulling volume out and you have short-term impact of doing that. But we have long-term benefits when youre trade rate improves. When you get into the second half of ConAgra, thats really the first half of what Pinnacle would be in their calendar year. Thats always been a lower absolute gross margin, right. So a little bit of this is were cutting off of our May fiscal year and youre seeing a forecast of gross margin that only picks up the first half of Pinnacle. Having said that, that forecast reflects coming out of the recent tax season for vegetables inflation on vegetables. So, now thats layering into the forecast as well plus the additional transportation inflation that will continue. So I know its complicated but there is a lot of dynamics and because we cut off in May, its doesnt allow you to show the full calendar 2019 Pinnacle, because its our fiscal year. So hopefully that gives you -- sheds a little light on the gross margin dynamics.
Jason English: And for me to get my model down there I also need to take out -- one way to get there is to take out a good chunk of the product, the base Pinnacle productivity. Is that reasonable? In other words, is it possible that some of productivity initiatives that they would have had that could have helped gross margin have been put on hold or been disrupted through this transition phase and as you look to resolve some of the other issues?
Sean Connolly: No, were staying full theme ahead on the productivity efforts that are underway, both for Pinnacles business and for ConAgras business. What well happen though, Jason, is we will -- now that weve got hold of the company, our supply chain team is all over Pinnacle assets to see if there is additional value that we can add. We talked about our synergies today thats already a work here, things like applying our CPS program, ConAgra Performance System to the Pinnacle manufacturing assets and supply chain overall. So all of that work is underway and Dave will give you a full update on that as part of our Investor Day, Dave Marberger -- Dave Biegger when we're bigger when we're together in April.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: So quick question on the fiscal '22 guidance just to be clear, so I'd say the guidance held so high single digit accretive relative to the base before that would have included some buy backs. Obviously, you have talked a lot about Pinnacle today what potentially has change now relative to diligence process and pretty close. But then you're saying the guidance is held, synergies are higher and we expect to get the margin profile back to where it was, because of the playbook that's obviously been implemented across a number of different businesses historically and worked well. So that's the case. The excitement is there and the confidence is there. And we understand the problems and we know how to address it, and we have high confidence in how we're going to fix it and get it back to where it was despite there's a lower starting point. At the end game on the base -- and relative to your original expectations, would probably still be similar plus you have the synergies. So I guess the question is why wouldn't those expectations then be a little bit higher or are you just playing it safe, because obviously we're in 19 and we're talking 22 so a time in between that maybe you need a little bit more investment, maybe you dont. But just walk me through why it would be the same and not higher given the synergies are higher and you think you can get back to the original Pinnacle margin profile? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: From an EPS standpoint, Rob, we can get back there in large part because we've now gotten under the hood and we see more synergies and we've modeled a certain cadence very preliminary of business recovery year. As you might imagine, between now on our Investor Day, that's the work that we're going to be scrubbing, that's the work that we're going to be building out for the next few years. So as we think about this for the long haul, there is no question in our own mind that there's significant opportunity here. In fact the scale and the combination of these two companies make as much strategic sense as ever. But we've got some hard work to do short term and so that's what we got to deal with. It's a good reminder to me of the importance of focus. Our company has been laser like focused on getting our brands right for the last few years. Here's a portfolio that is clearly suffering right now and needs focus, and we're bring that focus. And how high is up over in the fullness of time, we'll talk more about that later. But we know we've got to do here and we are on the case. Dave, do you want to add some?
David Marberger: Just to add on to that. The synergies we say in the upside, these are the cost synergies right. So the 215 were cost synergies. We did not build any revenue synergies into our model. Now obviously the business is down relative to what we had modeled, so we have to do all the things we discussed to bring that business back. But when you talk about upside going out long-term, we believe that there could be a side on revenue synergies. That's not in the updated cost synergy number that we will have.
Rob Dickerson: And then secondly and particularly just on divestments, I know it's been a topic that's come up for a couple of years since you've had the tax asset. There was announcement this week on Wesson. There is no financial disclosure on that. So any additional color we can receive on Wesson will be helpful. And then outside of that, now that you have Pinnacle in and youve looked under the hood. Is the expectation still that while we might try to leverage that tax asset on the legacy ConAgra piece and all of the Pinnacle piece, there could be some areas we will potentially look to divest or rationalize SKUs? Thats it, thanks.
Sean Connolly: Let me start off there, Rob, and turn it over to Dave for more color on Wesson. As we said many times, we do view our capital loss carry forward as an asset and we are open to divestitures that help us strengthen the company and enhance value. And as you point out, the Western news this week is illustrative of that. But it's not our strategy use the tax asset just for the sake of using it. The aim is to perpetually reshape the portfolio for stronger growth and better margins, while maintaining our investment grade credit rating and that has not changed. With respect to Pinnacle assets, the goal here is to perpetual reshape this portfolio to be stronger. So, it's great to have a tax asset but if it's strategic to divest another piece of business that is a chronic drag that doesnt have the benefit of the tax asset thats still possibility. I mean, were open to anything open the lay that maximizes value for our shareholders, so that will always to be part of our consideration set. And Dave, on Wesson?
David Marberger: So on Wesson, we have an agreement to sell the Wesson business for $180 million in cash. As I mentioned, we expect to close by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2019. So assuming we close at the end of our third quarter for fiscal 2019, the sale would impact our sales about 50 basis points and EPS $0.01 to $0.02 for this fiscal year. On an annual basis, the sale would impact net sales about 200 basis points or about $0.05 EPS on an annual basis. And just again on the capital loss carry forward, there will be very little leakage on this divestiture in terms of the tax paid. So if we didnt have that asset, for example, the $180 million would really be given the net proceeds well have would be equivalent to a transaction or about $220 million. So that just shows you the value we have of that capital loss carry forward and eliminating the leakage.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Just wanted to dig into Birds Eye little bit, because that was clearly a leader among those so called leadership brands. How much of that Birds Eye loss destruction is a result of shelf loss at one major retailer that happen to introduce retailers branded SKUs and if thats a fairly local big reason why were seeing the loss shelf and pain here. Have we seen the biggest impact from that in the consumption data or might the year-over-year in the data look even worse from now?
Sean Connolly: That is a piece of it, Rob. I think another significant piece that I already talk -- big piece of this whole spiralized space has been a very, very big opportunity and a competitor has really taken that business at major customers. With respect to private label in frozen overtime, heres how I think about that. As weve said before, private label make sense in highly commoditized subcategories but it really has never made sense for work historically in finished meals, side dishes, enhancers, appetizers and things like that. Every few years that I've been around the frozen space, you will have a retailer give it a go but it has never taken hold and it probably will happen again from time to time. It's happening a little bit now in vegetables, but the outcome is unlikely to be any different in these more -- these less commoditized subcategories. Ultimately, when customers see that their store brand advocacy is resulting in declining category sale, there is the there will be the exact same reversal we've seen before. So that's the dynamic that I've seen over and over again, and it plays out the same way almost every single time. 
David Palmer: I mean just to be clear. Have they had that - have we seen the maximum impact from that in the data? And do you see the resultant impact or reversal in your velocities such that this is going to prove to be a one year divot, because your velocities are so strong there's almost pretty good odds that you're going to get back some of that shelf a year from then?
Sean Connolly: Well, it's customer by customer, David. So if there's a customer right now that is taking a stronger advocacy position on a private label, you easily could have other customers that are going in the opposite direction. So this is a never ending dynamic that we deal with in all of our categories and vegetables is a newer one also managed. You all know within Birds Eye, it's a vast franchise from more commoditized looking vegetables to side dishes all the way through complete meals. So you've got different dynamics in each of those and they will continue to evolve over time with pluses and negatives across the customer base and within any given customer across the mix of those sub-segments.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Sean, most of the problems that you've brought up for Pinnacle are product and innovation related. You talked about how it is -- Birds Eye had extended too far and missed some segments of the market. And then you also talked about perfect size for one. But a lot of those issues are very visible on shelf I guess, if you were looking for them. I mean I can't see them, or I haven't seen them. Had anyone from your team noticed these issues this year or over the past couple of years, because it's truly product issues I guess it would have been more visible. And do you think it was just like this year's problem or a multi-year problem over at Pinnacle?
Sean Connolly: Well, this is obviously a very recent problem. As I pointed out today, Pinnacle previously had delivered strong and sustained performance through pretty good execution on these leadership brands. And these innovations that we talked about today did garner good trial. So if you look at Duncan Hines perfect size for one as an example, the sales in the trial window were very strong. So when you look at something like that the early read on it is a positive, but you don't ultimately know what the stickiness of an innovation is going to be until you start to work your way through several repeat cycles. And frankly in the case of Duncan Hines that's exactly the thing that started manifesting itself this year along with a convergence of new competitive products coming into the marketplace that really solve for some of the gaps in the initial innovation. So that really speaks to the Duncan Hines story. With the Birds Eye story, as I pointed out, the real hot piece of the category has been this spiralized space where that is a space where out of the gate there is a new very novel innovation, the margin profile on that for anybody who got into the game would be lower. And one of the key competitors was okay with that and went in and built the beachhead while Birds Eye did not. That was a mistake and it allows competitor to gain some significant market share and continue to build on that momentum. All of that is reversible but thats the thing that as you can in the data is really emerged as we've gone through the course of this summer.
Robert Moskow: And then just a quick question for Dave. Just so Im clear on how this accretion guidance works and what base we're talking about. First of all, is there any accretion guidance for fiscal 2020 specifically, or we dont know that yet. Because it sounds like the plans really dont go into place until fiscal 2021?
David Marberger : So, were going -- any commentary for fiscal 2020, were going hold off until the April 10th Investor Day. We dont want to give piece of this thing. We want to give the complete picture with the synergies with our plans. And so were going to through all of that and get into our algorithm and cadence at Investor Day.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane: Just two really quick ones for me. One, one of the questions weve been getting a lot this morning is just like is a there a question about whether there is a significant need to step up investment behind Pinnacle, so was it underfunded. So, I guess my first question is just simply as you kind of think about that plan between now and 2022, net of synergies. Does it also contemplate a step up in investment behind Pinnacles Brands?
Sean Connolly: I dont, right now, envision that Bryan. Again, we spend a lot of time talking to the street around the concepts of total marketing spend, which include dollars above net sales and below net sales. In my estimation, there is plenty of investment in these branded assets you cannot see all of it in AMP that AMP line, as you can see, looks fairly lien. But there is a significant amount of spend above the line. A lot of that is different from the way we spend at ConAgra trade above the line, which is really in high quality retailer oriented marketing programs. There is a lot of promotional behavior here. And as we pointed out, one of the first things we did when we close the deal is we killed a lot of deep discount highly inefficient promotion deals. Since you reminded me greatly of some of the bad habits we had to break at ConAgra when I first got here, it was Pinnacle chasing volume over value. So, there is inefficiency baked into the existing spending base. Weve got to extract that inefficiency. Weve got redeployed it against high quality brand building product improvements, packaging improvements, brand architecture improvements, all the stuff that we talked about. And so I am very confident in our ability to do this, because we have built, over the last four years what I think is industry leading analytics, insights and innovation capability. And were incredibly flexible and agile organization reflects to the work. So it is abundantly clear now where weve got to flex to. Weve already begun that as you can imagine and now weve got played out.
Bryan Spillane: And Dave just quick one on the credit ratings. So is part of -- I imagine part of the discussions with the rating agencies initially in terms of your rating was giving a path towards getting the deleveraging down to the 3.5 target. So I guess as where starting point is lower than you originally thought, is the path important? Meaning, is there a certain level of EBITDA that you're going to have to deliver in fiscal '20 in order to maintain that investment grade? Or is there a risk that that might slip if you don't deliver a certain amount even in fiscal 20.
David Marberger : So as Sean and I both commented, were strongly committed to the solid investment grade. We're at 5 times levered at the end of the second quarter, which is where we expect it to be. So with EBITDA off a little bit, we've also come out and have a lower debt. So we've maintained that ratio. Based on our updated estimates of EBITDA and the debt pay down, we have a clear path towards the 3.5 times leverage through the end of '21. But we also have other levers to generate cash for debt pay down. For example, working capital improvement on Pinnacle is a big opportunity, and then just general contingencies we build into our CapEx budget. So we feel comfortable that we have the clear path and flexibility to manage to the target.
Operator: The last question today comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks for squeezing me. My question is related to structural versus transitory issue. That the industry and ConAgra is facing in the context of the fact that markets value and the entire industry and ConAgra has structurally flawed. So I'd like to ask two questions, one related to the Pinnacle business and one related to the base business in that context right. So you're probably aware of our view, which is that execution is really the big winner for the large CPGs rather than really brand equity erosion. So with Pinnacle, I mean there's a long history here of really good innovation and really good brand building, a very long history and it's been best-in-class, right. And so it seems like the markets are a little bit confused, because your commentary was pretty harsh on the near-term performance. So maybe you can give us an example of the innovation not hitting the mark and how that's execution versus structural. So that's on the legacy -- on the Pinnacle business? And then on your base business, which you lost in all the Pinnacle focus. Arent you actually seeing the execution getting better, right? You've executed better. Pricing is ahead of investments on retailer initiatives. Aren't we actually now seeing the fact that if you execute on a portfolio strategy, the brand is actually in good shape. So help me on that if you can. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Akshay, I don't think there should be any confusion here. We fully agree with your statement that when you have iconic legacy brands, they're not entitled to performance they are capable of performance. And they're capable of performance depending upon whether or not the enterprise can innovate them in ways that drive good profitability and do a fantastic job delighting the consumer. When you look at what we've done with our ConAgra Brands over the last four years, we have taken brands that were once iconic that many folks had written off, like a banquet or a healthy choice. We've dramatically modernized them. Weve dramatically modernize. Weve improve the margins. Weve raised the price points to levels no one felt was possible. And the brands are growing at audacious clips now, some of the north of 20%. And so, thats a good example of exactly what youre saying. Pinnacle, as Ive mentioned in the prepared remarks, has had equal kinds of success in the past. But just because youre successful in any given window, doesnt mean that that brand is entitled for that success to carry on forever. Each year brand folks brand companies like ours bring new innovations in the marketplace or have the opportunity to, or they can pass and they can let their brands atrophy. They can also innovate superior innovations or they could innovate subpar innovations. And so clearly the prove is always in the pudding. I would say, my commentary was not harsh but the results in the marketplace were harsh. And that is what weve got to correct with the exactly the same as youre talking about, which is a return to superior execution on the three key leadership brands that we talked about today. It means not missing big consumer opportunities like spiralized with Birds Eye. It equally means making sure the execution is really buttoned up to communicate the benefit that is being delivered to the consumer. So for example, Duncan Hines, Mug Treats being positioned as sweet treat not as portion size cake. These may sound like nuance but they are very important to repeat purchase and the size of the market you create to household penetration, and thats exactly what weve got to go do.
Akshay Jagdale: So, just one follow up related to Pinnacle. So, the issues weve seen in the marketplace given the impending transaction and the back and forth that went about. Can we -- given the previously five years of really solid execution. How much of it is just execution related to that driven by distractions, right? Is it a good chunk of whats happening and thats what gives you confidence that it can be reversed?
Sean Connolly: Well, Ill leave the prognostication as to what the root cause is up to you guys. What Im going to stay focused is putting all of our energy and getting these brands right where they are. What Im telling you is what were seeing is entirely executional in nature and not structural in nature. And given that, were going to put all our energy in getting these businesses where they need to be as fast as generally possible.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great, thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. Investor Relations is available for any follow up discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-09-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director, IR Sean Connolly - President and CEO David Marberger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Steve Strycula - UBS Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC. David Driscoll - Citigroup Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ConAgra Brands' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I will remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements. While we are making these statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. References to adjusted items refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. Please see the earnings press release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliation of those adjusted measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks Brian. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. Fiscal 2019 is off to a good start with performance in the first quarter largely in line with our expectations. We sustained our solid topline performance delivering net sales growth in each of the four operating segments behind strong underlying fundamentals. And our operating margin came in slightly above our expectations, despite a continued challenging inflationary environment. We continued to optimize our marketing investments to deliver a stronger ROI. Once again, this included shifting some low ROI investments from A&P marketing to above the line retailer investments. This shift enabled us to drive brand saliency, enhance distribution, and consumer trial in store. Given our solid start to the year, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2019 guidance for the standalone ConAgra Brands business. And as we announced earlier this month, subject to the completion of all conditions, our acquisition of Pinnacle Foods is expected to close by the end of October, ahead of our original schedule. As you can see on slide five, our focus on brand building and innovation is paying off as we continue to bend the trend on the topline. Excluding sales from the Trenton, Missouri production facility, which we sold at the beginning of fiscal 2019, organic net sales increased 1.2% with all four operating segments delivering year-over-year growth in the quarter. Volume was essentially flat with growth in our Refrigerated & Frozen, Grocery & Snacks and International segments, offset by expected volume declines in our Foodservice segment as we continue to implement our value over volume actions. Overall, as demonstrated by our results, our deliberate actions to drive topline growth have delivered consistent steady improvement. And we're particularly pleased with our momentum, given our performance versus the competition. We are outperforming the industry in the categories in which we compete and we continue to gain share, more signs that our iconic brands are resonating with consumers and that our innovation is working. As you can see on slide seven, our fundamentals remain strong. The growth in total sales is based on the strength of our brands, not on the back of deep discounts or promotions. Our base velocities remain strong and base dollar sales continue to grow, reflecting the higher quality portfolio that we have built over the last few years. The improved portfolio has earned increased distribution reflected in the improved total points of distribution or TPDs on the right side of the page. As we continue to earn more TPDs, we expect to be able to build up upon our momentum and fuel continued topline growth. Now turning to Slide 8, as we've discussed in the past, we remain focused on supporting our brands with robust programs, including increased focus on high-quality retailer investments. By partnering with retail customers, we're able to better drive brand saliency, distribution and consumer trial versus continuing to invest in the tail of our A&P programs that historically carried a lower ROI. We will continue to evaluate the best marketing approach for each of our brands and products, and remain nimble in terms of where and how we're putting our marketing dollars to work. We're focused on investing to engage the consumer with our brands, whether through traditional TV and print ads, distribution investments, merchandising, sampling, digital marketing or customer loyalty programs. The objective is to drive both physical and mental availability and enhance brand affinity. What this does not mean is a return to deep price discounting and the scanner data is demonstrating that we're serious. Slide nine provides more context on our approach. We make marketing investments based on their ability to increase physical and mental availability because our product need to be "easy to find" and "quick to mind." I'll touch first on physical availability. Ensuring our products are easy to find requires that we have great products and packaging design. But it's more than that. As I mentioned earlier, we need our products placed where the consumers are and timed to be available when they want to buy them. We need to be in-store and online across channels and across stores and this takes investment. We also need our product to be quick to mind because it's not just about showing up. More importantly, it's about getting noticed. Clearly, we are doing a better job at that today than we had done historically. What's behind that is a wholesale overhaul of how we drive mental availability. In the old days, it was done exclusively through A&P spend, and almost all of that was in the form of traditional TV and print advertising. These days, the majority of our A&P marketing is in the form of highly efficient digital and social marketing. Further, we now have the analytical capability to be able to identify those A&P investments that are not working. When we find them, we eliminate those programs and redeploy the investments with retailers. These enhanced partnerships with retailers are helping our brands get noticed and be appreciated for the relevant innovative benefits they bring consumers. And for those of you trained to believe that above the line marketing spend is deep discounting, think again. Slide 10 clearly outlines that our average unit price change has been positive every quarter for more than two years. In addition, the percentage of products sold on promotion has decreased in all but one quarter over that same time period. We'll stay true to our value over volume strategy and focus on making disciplined investments in building brand equity, not low quality promotions. Turning to our Refrigerated & Frozen segment on slide 11, as you know, this has been a key area of focus for us in terms of improving our top line trend, given the strong underlying category fundamentals and our untapped brand potential. We continue to drive organic net sales growth in the quarter, reflected in the quarterly sales chart on the left side of the page. Now, some of you may see the chart on the left, and think growth is slowing. But take a look at the chart on the right. On a two-year basis, growth has been accelerating. We are now showing growth on top of growth. As you can see on slide 12, within the segment, the momentum in our Frozen business continues to accelerate. Consumption growth remains very strong, and we're seeing this growth in the current quarter and taking a look at the right-hand side of the page, on a two-year basis. And the good news is that we believe we still have a lot of room to grow in Frozen. As our distribution performance continues to improve, we expect dollar sales growth to continue to follow suit. Going forward, we're confident in our ability to further grow TPDs because of the exciting new innovation hitting the shelves during fiscal 2019. This fiscal year's innovation slate is broader than fiscal 2018's, as we are expanding Frozen into new day parts, with an eye on modern wellness, and new cuisine offerings. And we're also introducing new handheld options. This slide includes some of our new innovations from Healthy Choice, Marie Callender's, Banquet, P.F. Chang's, and Odom's Tennessee Pride. These are delicious meals with on-trend flavors and modern attributes and consumers are responding positively. The result of our efforts in Frozen could not be more clear. Our single-serve meals are the fastest growing, both in terms of retail sales and total points of distribution. While we're pleased with the progress in our Frozen portfolio, we're not resting on what we've accomplished to date. We continue to see years of runway in Frozen and expect the space to benefit from the long-term demographic tailwinds we spoke about at CAGNY. ConAgra is in a tremendous position to capitalize on this opportunity, especially with the pending acquisition of Pinnacle Foods and their strong portfolio of Frozen brands. Turning to our Grocery & Snacks segment on slide 15, while it's still early days in our efforts to renovate brands in this segment and provide the appropriate support behind them, we are pleased to have returned to positive organic net sales growth on a year-over-year basis in the last two quarters led by the Snacks business. Recall that we combine Q2 and Q3 on this chart to remove some of the impact of last year's hurricanes. The impact of the hurricanes is important to keep in mind as we lap those quarters this fiscal year. Most of the discussion regarding this segment will be focused on the Snacks and Sweet Treats businesses, where we see tremendous opportunity. However, I would like to touch briefly on an example from our Grocery portfolio because it demonstrates how we can stabilize iconic brands and renovate them to be fully competitive. As those of you who are more familiar with our company know, some brands in our portfolio are what we describe as reliable contributors. These are not brands that we expect to deliver outsized growth. But they are also not brands that we ignore or allow to atrophy. In fact, it's quite the opposite. We surgically invest in these brands to ensure they will continue to generate stable, consistent cash flow to help drive growth. One example of a reliable contributor is Chef Boyardee highlighted on slide 16. This summer, we launched Chef Boyardee Throwback recipes, reminiscent of those dishes; Chef Hector Boyardee actually cooked up back in the day, made with high-quality simple ingredients. This is a premium product at a premium price and its margin accretive to the base Chef Boyardee offering. As you can see from the numbers here, when we innovate iconic brands, we are able to drive not just velocities but also brand saliency. And as a nod to the nostalgic chef jingle from yesteryear, we very efficiently created a music video to promote Chef Boyardee throwback. This fun video is a mashup of the new and the old. It features Lil Yachty, a popular rapper, singer and songwriter with Donny Osmond. Amazingly, this song reached number three on Spotify's Most Viral Playlist, and there's been a tremendous amount of user-generated content through Instagram and Snapchat. I encourage you all to find the music video on YouTube, but I'll warn you, that it may be stuck in your head for a while. This kind of high-efficiency renovation is key to keeping these brands reliably contributing. We will continue to bring modern attributes into our legacy iconic brands and use modern activation to market these brands with a purpose. Now turning to slide 17, as a reminder, we have a nearly $2 billion Snacks and Sweet treats business, and we see tremendous opportunity to grow it. Our portfolio in Snacks is large, but focused. And as we have shifted our efforts to manage these brands, the way Snack businesses are meant to be run, with a greater focus on speed, agility, and innovation, we've started to see the impact of our efforts. The snacking universe is performing well overall and our categories are growing. On top of that, we are gaining share. As you can see on slide 18, our dollar sales growth has been significantly outpacing that of the categories over the last year. Consumption trends in Snacks and Sweet Treats are also positive as shown on slide 19. Again, our two-year CAGR shows just how much we've delivered in recent years. Our two-year growth in Snacks and Sweet Treats continues to accelerate. And a great news is that we're just getting started. At the upcoming National Association of Convenience Stores Show, also known as NACS in Las Vegas, we will debut our new approach to Snacks and Sweet Treats to retailers. We look forward to sharing more information on new item innovations, our modern, relevant portfolio, and our approach to merchandising and brand support. We encourage you to attend the conference and stop by our booth to see our new approach first hand. Slide 21 illustrates a few of the things we're doing within Snacks, starting with innovation and price-pack architecture. We are ramping up our core innovation capabilities as we recognize the need to be faster and introduce new varieties across our portfolio. We're also focusing on optimizing our price-pack architecture with multiple product configurations. This is particularly important, not only in C-stores where we already have a strong position, but also in other outlets like drug and dollar. We are also taking a more innovative approach to shelving and displays. This means getting off the shelf where some of our traditional grocery products play and creating new points of interruption in-store in secondary and tertiary displays. These innovative display vehicles are intended to help keep our brands top-of-mind with consumers, drive impulse purchases, and accelerate our sales growth. And finally, we're taking a new approach to channel penetration. Historically, we focused primarily on the traditional channels, grocery, C-Store, supercenter, club, and dollar. As a Snacks business, we recognize the importance of having a ubiquitous presence, which means selling across the continuum, including QSR, on-premise, and e-commerce. The concept I discussed earlier, investing to drive both physical availability and mental availability is critical in this business. Snacks are available everywhere and always within reach. That's why it's important for our brands to be in every channel in which consumers expect to see snacks. It's also important for us to stay top-of-mind, the mental level ability, I mentioned. Some of our investments in new channel penetration, such as in coffee shops, won't necessarily drive meaningful volume, but those investments are extremely meaningful in terms of getting in front of our consumers and positioning the brand. We've made progress on this front with several of our key snack brands. You'll see brands such as Angie's BOOMCHICKAPOP at coffee shops, Duke's on airplanes, and DAVID Seeds at ballparks across the country. In addition, we're continuing to focus on the e-commerce channel, which has also led to over 40% growth in ConAgra's e-commerce sales for the last quarter. So to wrap-up, we will continue to rollout innovation to drive topline momentum, we'll continue to focus relentlessly on margin drivers to fuel growth, and we will remain disciplined in our strategic investments to drive brand saliency, distribution, and consumer trial. During the second quarter, our year-over-year comparisons, particularly in the Grocery & Snacks and Foodservice segments will be challenged by the impact of last year's hurricanes, which drove a 200 basis point increase in net sales growth in that period. However, this is just a timing issue in Q2 and Q3. And again, we are reaffirming our full year fiscal 2019 guidance. Despite the comparison headwind, we're confident that our fundamentals remains strong and that we will continue to build upon the momentum we've developed through our innovation and brand-building efforts. Beyond that, we are well-positioned to accelerate the next wave of change with the addition of Pinnacle Foods. We look forward to executing our proven approach to innovation and brand building to enhance their portfolio of leading brands. With that, I'll hand it over to Dave to share more on the financial details of the quarter.
David Marberger: Thank you, Sean and good morning everyone. Slide 26 outlines our performance for the quarter. As Sean mentioned, the quarter came in largely in line with our expectations. Net sales for the first quarter were up 1.7% compared to a year ago and organic net sales excluding the impact of the sale of our Trenton, Missouri facility grew 1.2% as all reporting segments delivered growth. For the quarter, adjusted gross profit decreased 0.6% to $524 million, and adjusted gross margin declined 65 basis points to 28.6%. In the quarter, A&P expense decreased to $43 million or 2.3% of net sales. As we continued to shift low ROI A&P investments to higher ROI retailer investments that drive brand saliency, enhance distribution, and consumer trial in store. As planned, adjusted SG&A for the quarter was up 9.7% compared to the prior year and was 11.7% of net sales. The increase was primarily driven by higher stock-based compensation expense, due to a higher share price at the end of the first quarter versus the first quarter a year ago. Planned investments in IT projects and a reduction in income from providing transition services on divestitures. Adjusted operating profit declined 3.5% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 14.6%, which was slightly above our guidance range. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.47 for the quarter, up 2.2% from the prior year quarter and in line with our guidance. Slide 27 outlines the drivers of our net sales change versus the same period a year ago. During the quarter, organic net sales growth ex-Trenton was 1.2%, driven by a 1.2% increase in price/mix. You will see on the page that the increase in price/mix was 2.1% before the increase in retailer investment, which reduced price/mix by approximately 90 basis points. Our total net sales were 1.7%, which translates to approximately $5 million in net sales below the bottom end of our first quarter net sales guidance range. This can be explained by a larger shift from A&P to above-the-line retailer investment than we planned for in the quarter. Slide 28 outlines the puts and takes impacting our adjusted gross margin change for the quarter. As you can see in this chart, if we remove the impact of the shift in marketing from A&P to retailer investment, our adjusted gross margin would have been flat in the quarter versus a year ago. While inflation is at a slightly lower level than last year, it still approximates 2.5% for the quarter. Our supply chain and integrated margin management teams have done an excellent job pulling on all margin levers to help offset this inflation. Turning to slide 29, I will outline our performance by segment. I have just a few comments on this page. First, in the quarter, all four of our operating segments delivered organic net sales growth ex-Trenton. Second, both the International and Foodservice segments had strong quarters and are really seeing the benefits of their value over volume actions, most of which are largely behind them. And third, the International segment delivered a great quarter in the face of currency headwinds, primarily in the Mexican peso. Slide 30 outlines the drivers of our adjusted EPS improvement versus a year ago. Adjusted gross profit was neutral to EPS in the quarter. Adjusted gross profit excluding the shift in marketing from A&P to retailer investment improved $0.02. The impact of increased retailer investment reduced EPS $0.03. When combining the increase in retailer investment with the decrease in A&P investment, total marketing increased, reducing our EPS by $0.01 in the quarter. The increase in adjusted SG&A expense, which excludes A&P, decreased EPS by $0.03. The net impact of lower non-service pension and post-retirement income due to our derisking strategy, along with lower equity earnings and higher interest expense reduced EPS by $0.05. We continued to see the year-over-year benefit from tax reform, which added $0.05 to EPS. The first quarter adjusted tax rate of 25.5% was slightly higher than our Q1 estimate due to changes in some state tax rate estimates, which negatively impacted our first quarter EPS estimate by $0.01. Despite the higher Q1 tax rate, we are reaffirming our full year tax rate estimate. Finally, while we did not repurchase any shares in the quarter, last year's repurchases caused our share count to be lower this quarter, which drove a $0.03 improvement in EPS. Slide 31 summarizes select balance sheet and cash flow information for the quarter. Net cash flow from operating activities for continuing operations was $95 million for the quarter, down from $142 million in last year's Q1, primarily driven by the timing of tax payments and costs related to the Pinnacle acquisition. We had capital expenditures of $86 million compared with $43 million in the prior year period, due to the timing of planned business and infrastructure investments versus first quarter a year ago. In the quarter, we paid dividends of $83 million. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in total debt, and approximately $75 million of cash flow on hand. On slide 32, we reaffirmed our standalone fiscal 2019 outlook, which does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of Pinnacle and includes the expected results for the Wesson oil's business as we continued to assess alternatives for this business. We expect net sales growth to be in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%. Excluding the impact of the Trenton facility sale, we expect organic net sales growth to be in the range of 1% to 2%. We expect adjusted gross margin in the range of 29.7% to 30%. As we've been discussing, this metric is affected by our continued shifts of tail A&P investments to retailer investment. It is also affected by our expected inflation rate of 3% to 3.2%. We are experiencing inflation in packaging, transportation, and other commodities and some deflation in proteins and edible oils. Our estimate of packaging inflation includes some expected impact from tariffs. We expect adjusted operating margin in the range of 15% to 15.3% and we expect pension and post-retirement nonservice income of approximately $40 million for fiscal year 2019. We expect an effective tax rate in the range of 23% to 24%. Due to the timing of the Pinnacle announcement, we are providing guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2019, just like we did for the first quarter. While we typically don't provide good quarterly guidance, given the normal business dynamics that can shift the timing of sales or expenses between months, we believe it is helpful to provide some guidance for the second quarter as our net sales and margins will be impacted from lapping Hurricanes Irma and Harvey that hit last year. Consistent with our original fiscal 2019 plan, we expect organic net sales growth ex-Trenton to be flat to slightly down for the second quarter. Last year's second quarter saw a net sales benefit of approximately $45 million driven by last year's hurricanes that is not expected to repeat in this year's second quarter. We expect the reported net sales growth rate to be approximately 40 basis points lower than the organic net sales growth rate excluding Trenton. To be clear, this number does not include Pinnacle, and only includes deals that have already closed. We do expect the Pinnacle acquisition to close by the end of October, which would result in approximately one month of Pinnacle's results to be included in our fiscal 2019 second quarter results. We expect to disclose Pinnacle's results as a separate reporting segment starting in our second quarter earnings release. We expect Q2 adjusted operating margin in the range of 14.4% to 14.7%. Recall that in last year's second quarter, the incremental sales related to the hurricanes in the Foodservice segment were sold at accretive margins, and the segment is expected to post a more normal profit margin in Q2 of fiscal year 2019. Finally, we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $0.57 to $0.60. Since we expect to close the Pinnacle transaction by the end of October, I'd like to remind you of our post transaction capital allocation policy. First, we remain committed to a solid investment-grade credit rating. And our target leverage ratio is 3.5 times. We expect to maintain our $0.85 per share annualized dividend for fiscal year 2019 and are targeting modest dividend increases as we prioritize deleveraging. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, we suspended our share repurchase program as we evaluated the Pinnacle deal and we will only repurchase shares if we are tracking ahead of our leverage targets. Also, we have approximately $720 million remaining on our capital loss carryforward, which does not expire until the end of fiscal year 2021, allowing us to divest assets in a tax-efficient manner to support deleveraging as appropriate. That concludes my remarks. I will now pass it to the operator as Sean, Tom McGough, and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody.
Sean Connolly: Hey Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: I think on the -- if I'm not mistaken on the fiscal 4Q call, I think you had said that fiscal 1Q organic topline growth should be roughly in line or with the level seen in 4Q, which was about 2%. And I know fiscal 1Q came in a bit below that. So, I was trying to get a sense of what you see has had changed maybe during the course of the quarter? Has it unfolded? And as part of that, volume specifically in the Grocery and Frozen segment was up a bit, despite some of the distribution gains that you've talked about in Frozen. So, again, I'm trying to get a sense of why that was perhaps not greater, especially, since the scanner and Frozen would have suggested it would be? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: All right, Andrew, it's Sean. Here's how I think about our sales in Q1. We guided to 2% to 2.5% growth and we delivered a 1.7% growth. The three tenths of a point missed versus the bottom end of our range equates to about $5 million, which can be fully accounted for by the higher than planned, above-the-line marketing spend. So, that puts us squarely at the bottom of the sales guidance range we gave for Q1. So, then the question becomes, why didn't we land the quarter higher in the range? And the simple answer to that, it's shipment timing, which is one of the reasons why we don't typically like to provide sales guidance quarterly. A good example in Q1 was on our largest brand, Marie Callender's, where we experienced a shipment slowdown near the quarter end as customers - retailers were resetting the shelf in advance of the new Marie innovation slate. Remember, Marie Callender is getting a full makeover this year. It was not the recipient of that last year. Last year, our focus was on Banquet and on Healthy Choice. So, when you [couther][ph] up and you look at the big picture, we reaffirmed full year guidance, we delivered excellent consumption trends, we gained market share and we are performing organically at the level of our 2020 growth targets in 2018. So, altogether, I'd describe it as we are performing largely in line with our expectations and very strong versus our peer set.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey good morning everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hey Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I guess the question is, we kind of think about the full year and the implied sort of improvement in margins that we'd expect in the back half of the year. I guess, Dave, could you just walk us through how much of that becomes the inflation as maybe more skewed to the first half or more savings coming through? Just trying to get an understanding of how we bridge just sort of margin improvement sequentially in the back half of the year given sort of what we've seen -- the dynamics we've seen in the first half?
David Marberger: Yes, Bryan, I'll take that. Our first quarter operating margins came in at 14.6%, driven by higher SG&A and the continued shift in the retailer investment. So, we've laid that out. Q1 just for -- is our lowest net sales dollar quarter, so margins are a bit lower than the other quarters. For Q2, we guided to operating margins that are similar to Q1, 14.4% to 14.7%. There will be higher net sales dollars in Q2. But we'll have a higher level of marketing investment in the second quarter on the A&P line relative to the first quarter, but SG&A will be lower in the second quarter as well. So, that's a really big investment quarter, which really sets up the innovation that's going to come through in the second half and the marketing investment to support that. So, in the second half, we'll benefit from that sales growth. And the margin accretive nature of those sales, plus it's just higher sales dollars, we'll get a little bit leverage on the gross margin line. And then SG&A as a percentage of sales will be lower as well. We'll get leverage on SG&A as well. So, that's kind of gets you to the low to mid 15% operating margin second half to get to our full year guidance of 15% to 15.3%. That's roughly how it plays out sort of second quarter and then second half.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you very much. Just a question on Pinnacle. It's great that hopefully that will close by the end of October. I'm just curious, Sean, you've done a lot of work on Pinnacle so far. As you think you know forward once that deal closes, can you just give some color as kind of how you potentially plan to attack it come October 24, right? Is there may be a need to shift a bit more into trade relative to A&P at Pinnacle. Are there brands you may already have your eyes on, I'd assume where there could be upfront push like you did at ConAgra relative to other brands? Any -- just kind of opportunity kind of take -- layout upfront thought process as to how you will attack it from day one? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure, couple of points on Pinnacle. First of all, we are incredibly excited about the ConAgra-Pinnacle combination. Not only are there meaningful cost synergies but we are energized about what we believe we can do with the brands, particularly, in Frozen. That said, I do want investors to keep in mind that we are still operating at this point as separate public companies, and to some degree, competitors. That means we operate at arm's length, even though we are in intensive integration planning mode. Now, the fact that we will be closing by the end of October is a real positive. And to your point, Rob, what we will do is go deep on each and every brand and begin applying our ConAgra playbook as appropriate. But you know again, we're not in there yet. As soon as we get this thing closed, you can imagine there will be a groundswell of activity, and we will -- we would be wrapping our minds around exactly what the action plan is. Additionally, we'll begin the important prep work that is required for us to do a quality job at an Investor Day next calendar year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. And then just quickly on Wesson. I know that you put in the release; I don't believe you put it in previously, kind of post the prior potential transaction. Can you just give a couple of comments as to why you felt the need to highlight it again? Thanks.
David Marberger: Yes, Rob, we're continuing to set the alternatives for the business. In our -- on our balance sheet, we have Wesson as an asset held for sale, which we did when we put it up for sale originally, we've continued to do that. Once we're continuing to look for alternatives there and we're going through that process. Just one clarification because this did come up as a question as it relates to -- we disclosed that our $575 million acquisition proceed rate, either from equity offering or divestitures, and there was some question is, if we would not divest Wesson, would those -- would that have to be a higher equity rates or divestiture proceed need? And the answer is no. So, if we sell Wesson in the future, those proceeds will be used to pay down debt. It doesn't affect what we put out there for the equity raise or the divestiture proceeds.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Palmer of RBC. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks and good morning [technical difficulty]
Operator: Pardon me ladies and gentlemen, I'll move on to the next question and we'll ask Mr. Palmer to reenter the queue. Our next question will come from Steve Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi good morning. Sean, quick question for you on the retailer investments. I realized there's been a little bit of an evolution here in terms of the A&P and above the trade line consideration. But can you walk us through what is kind of evolved in your partnership with the retailers since you held your Analyst Day back at -- I think it was two Octobers ago now? And what strategically kind of fed the narrative that you put up a few helpful slides today about just kind of walk us through the timeline? I think that'd be helpful.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think strategically, the objective has never changed, which is if we spend $1 in marketing, we want it to work hard for us. And what has changed is the efficacy of different marketing tools over the years. So, not surprisingly with the advent of Netflix and DVRs and things like that, things are traditional TV advertising and print ads have diminished materially in terms of their effectiveness. And that means that if you're going to spend on A&P, you're going to spend A&P very differently. And my comments today point it to that in terms of our significant shift toward the world of digital, which is how you really build brand affinity today below the line. The other thing that has shifted fairly materially over the last five years is the progressiveness of marketing and partnership with customers. As I've mentioned many times before, in the old days, above-the-line marketing spend was really one of two things. It was investment in couponing, which was a price discount or it was investment in trade discounting, which is the classic example of ConAgra, of course, was 10 units for $10. Customers are much more sophisticated today. They saw, you know to four, five years ago as you all saw, diminished lifts with younger consumers in those kind of deep discount merchandising events. And at the same time, they also recognize that they're sitting on a gold mine of data. Data around how consumers purchase, which consumer purchase which things, and we they began to partner much more progressively with manufacturers to unlock the power of that data and target consumers with relevant content at the point of purchase. So, there's been an ongoing -- two years ago when we did Investor Day and even beyond that, there's has been a compounding curve in terms of a progressiveness of retailer marketing and the desire they have to really leverage the database they have and partner with manufacturers to do a better job manufacturing. So, it really becomes a very simple calculus. Identifying those spends below the line that are no longer working as effectively as they did historically and then recognizing that there is real progressiveness happening in terms of retailer partnering above the line. The end of the day, retailers like manufacturers are hungry to grow and if they believe they can partner with us to drive that growth, both in-store and just in general supporting the innovation agenda we're driving, that's a win for them. And it's clearly working for them and for us, and we're going to continue to stay nimble in making these kinds of investments as we move through the balance of this year and then beyond.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi Alexia. Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, I just wanted to ask about the closure of the Trenton plant and why that's being excluded from organic sales growth guidance or the sales growth results? Is that because you weren't able to migrate sales from that plant elsewhere? Is there something -- I mean, you've closed plant lines before, other companies have closed lines and not called that out. I'm just curious about what's unique about that situation? Thank you.
David Marberger: Alexia, yes, that's -- the plant we sold, there's sales that we're selling with that, right? So, it's just -- it's like a divestiture. So, the sales are no longer in our base. So, we just treated it. We're excluding it when we look at organic.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning everyone. I just wanted to follow up on this trade move and spending. So, gross and operating margins are down, Sean. The trade spend does reduce net price realization as you showed on slide 27. So, I just wonder if you could just provide some thoughts, is this a case of a win and a loss? You get the distribution on the new products, it's very additive to those brands, but not enough pricing is being realized to hold your margins. How do you think about that?
Sean Connolly: Well, we've been getting pricing into the marketplace, David, ahead of our categories pretty consistently over the last several years and will continue to do it. We do it in a multitude of ways, differently than yesteryear, when it would strictly be a list price increase and now there a lot of ways we get pricing in from innovation to downsizing, many different ways. So, that's going to continue to be part of our playbook. We will push on all of our margin levers. We'll get pricing in, in a multitude of different ways and it'll play out over time. There'll be some volatility quarter-to-quarter, but margin expansion and pricing remains core to what we do, which is just going to vary depending on what we've got going on in the marketplace.
David Marberger: Yes, just to add to that. So, part of that too if you look on our bridge, we have the productivity but then we have operational offset. So, in the quarter, there were investments we made, business investments we made in improving customer service that hit cost of goods sold for the quarter. So, investments, you know to ensure that we're meeting on-time delivery requirements and transportation, package design, those terms of investments are in cost of goods sold and they hit against how we classify it on the bridge with price/mix. So, the benefits are in there, but there's also investments that net against that. So, it's a combination of a few different things that hit that part of the bridge.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi good morning guys. This is Jake [Indiscernible] on for Rob. Just a quick question regarding inventory. Given all the new product launches and the new points of distribution, should we expect retailers to increase inventory of your products in fiscal 2019 following of fiscal 2018, where they reduced inventory? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: I don't think so, Jake. I mean, we, in general, expect to ship to consumption. There will be some volatility quarter-to-quarter depending upon when new item innovation will shift, depending upon how holidays shape up, but in general, they're not a lot of inventory out there right now. The days on hand that retailers keep these days versus 10, 20 years ago is significantly smaller. But I wouldn't expect any kind of meaningful change this year versus what we -- versus in terms of bouncing back from last year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Hey, it's Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for the question.
Sean Connolly: Hey Tom.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to ask about the second quarter guidance. First off, does guidance include any benefit from this year's hurricanes? And secondarily, is the second quarter guidance consistent with the cadence you contemplated at the start of the year when you issued full year guidance?
David Marberger: Yes, so let me take that. So, as of now, we're seeing no sales impact in the second quarter related to Hurricane Florence. We laid out the impact in the prior year of $45 million in net sales benefit in the prior year from Irma and Harvey, but seeing no benefit so far related to Hurricane Florence there. Yes, the cadence in terms of the Q2 guidance is -- and I mentioned in my comments, it's planned. So, this is how we had planned the year. We knew the benefit we had from the hurricanes in the prior years. So, when we planned it, we knew that from a sales perspective, we'd be ramping on that and that's non-recurring. So, our guidance is consistent with our plans and our guidance also reflects, as I said earlier, our increase in A&P investment in the second quarter with a reduction is the SG&A percentage in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to get your perspective, so the market is looking at some of these results, including yours where we're seeing a slowdown in sales growth, even implied for the next quarter while margins are compressing, right? And it seems like they're projecting for that to continue. And I'm not obviously of that view and obviously your guidance is pointing to those trends changing. But can you just give us some examples of -- the measured channel data, I guess, is the best thing to look at in terms of the optimism you have for the turnaround in the back half, but is there anything else that you can point to that gives you confidence that what's happening this quarter and next quarter in terms of a deceleration is just temporary? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Akshay, this is where I think we really got to put this sales bit in perspective. As Dave just said, Q2 -- our Q2 outlook is really no different from what we expected all along. We obviously have full visibility to the impact of the hurricane last year. And that's what you're seeing. So, you're not seeing a fundamental deceleration of performance whatsoever, you're seeing a reversal of a major hurricane benefit in the year ago. And Q1, as I just pointed out with Andrew's question at the beginning, we landed at 1.7%, which was modestly below the low end of our range, and I provide some color why. But as you could see the fundamental strength of our takeaway and our market shares are strong. Then when you take into account that we are debuting things like our new Snack business in October at NACS and that's forthcoming as well as the other innovation that's continuing to flow into the marketplace as we speak, Marie Callender, for example, our biggest brand, which is really seeing the full makeover this year. We have a very robust innovation slate continuing to flow into the marketplace now and as we go into Q2 and we already have momentum. We're not starting in a trough. We're not declining today. We grew in all four operating segments. So, you really need to look no further than that and recognize that what we're dealing with in Q2 is a lot of noise. We -- last year, recall we looked at a combined Q2 and Q3 to try to eliminate some of that volatility and provide kind of better perspective on the underlying fundamentals. But the bottom-line here is our underlying fundamentals for ConAgra Brands on sales has been strong and remains strong.
Operator: Our next question will come from Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Question on a below-the-line item, your equity income in Ardent Mills was down year-over-year. Could you just provide us some color on the quarter? And then what we should look for, for the year from that business?
David Marberger: Yes, so Ardent Mills is a growing milling company that continues to improve its operations and its efficiency. But given the nature of their business, volatility in the markets can create volatility in their quarter-to-quarter results. So, if you look at Q1 a year ago, they had significant profit growth due to favorable marketing conditions. And this quarter, they weren't the same marketing conditions. So, our profit for the quarter was down $14 million or about $0.03 per share. If you'd go and compare it to two years ago first quarter, you'd actually see our Ardent Mill's profit was up $3 million. So, that just demonstrates the volatility of a milling business quarter-to-quarter different than our core branded business. We don't give specific guidance for Ardent for the year. Right now our expectations are that Ardent for the year will be relatively flat. But given the volatility I just explained, you know that can jump around. So we don't give specific guidance on Ardent.
Sean Connolly: Yes, and just if I can build on that. I commented on the beginning of this Q&A session around some of the reasons why we didn't land Q1 higher in our guidance range on sales. Similarly, on EPS, really I would point to two things: Ardent Mills; and the tax rate, obviously that impacted EPS. But neither of these items are a commentary on the strength of our core business. And I think that's an important fact as investors think about ConAgra moving forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Palmer of RBC. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow-up on David's question. I think you've heard the investor concerns lately that pricing power is not there the way it was and that sector margins are going to continue to go down out there, and I'm sure that some are going to see the ConAgra shift in your guidance or at least some of the extra detail on your guidance as the retailer-level spending is up, back-weighted guidance, this is circumstantial evidence that not just that ConAgra has its own timing of its programs and initiatives, but that this -- that the pricing power is not there the way it was and particularly with key retailers and it's going to be tighter for delivering the year. So, if -- any comments you can provide on the environment would be helpful and sort of untangling the read-through for the environment versus ConAgra-specific stuff? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Sure, David. It does create a bit of messiness when we toggle below-the-line marketing to spend to above in terms of getting a read on gross margins. We are obviously aware of that, and we've had several analysts and several investors say to us, obviously, that puts more of a burden on the operating margin line relative to the gross margin line. Because at the end, as we pointed out, we are getting positive price/mix, but we are spending marketing dollars more effectively and it just happens to be above the line, which means that the gross margin has noise in it which directs more attention to the operating margin line, which I should point out did come in strongly versus our guidance in Q1. So, we're going to continue to retain the ability to toggle some of that A&P spend above the line because it's effective and its driving brand affinity and that's ultimately what's going to create value for shareholders over the long-term. But it does provide noise and it does act as a counter to other pricing that we are legitimately working hard to get into the marketplace. We're just -- we've got the burden of communication of making sure we're fully transparent on this and continuing to emphasize the importance of operating margin, given this below-the-line to above-the-line marketing dynamic.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Thank you. As a reminder, this conference has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. Investor Relations is available for any follow-up discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-06-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director, Investor Relations Sean Connolly - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Marberger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom McGough  President, Operating Segments
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Steve Strycula - UBS Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Bernstein Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Pamela Kaufman - Morgan Stanley Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConAgra Brands Acquisition of Pinnacle Foods and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for adjusting your schedules and joining us today. This morning, we will be discussing both our agreement to acquire Pinnacle Foods and our fourth quarter results. I remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements about ConAgra Brands, the proposed acquisition of Pinnacle Foods and the expected benefits of the proposed acquisition. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. References to adjusted items refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. Please see the earnings press release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in either the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com. Now, I will turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone and thank you again for accommodating the date change and joining our conference call today to discuss our agreement to acquire Pinnacle Foods and our fiscal 2018 fourth quarter and full year earnings. We have got a lot to cover obviously. So, lets go ahead and get started. Over the past 3 years, we have made significant progress against our plan to transform ConAgra into a pure-play branded food company and establish a solid platform for future growth. We have built industry leading innovation capabilities, completely overhauled our culture and unlocked significant shareholder value. The impact of these efforts is evident in the tremendous Q4 that we announced today, having delivered 2% organic net sales growth and approximately 16% adjusted operating profit growth. Clearly, our hard work is paying off with improved and more consistent performance. All of these actions have positioned us to take the next step in our evolution. Todays announcement of our agreement to acquire Pinnacle Foods builds on the strong foundation we have established and serves as a catalyst to accelerate value creation for shareholders. It will enhance our scale by combining two growing portfolios of iconic brands and create a leader in frozen foods, while also expanding our presence in snacks. We are bringing together two highly complementary companies, with a strong combined balance sheet, positioning us to capture compelling financial benefits, including attractive synergies. Importantly, with a strong leadership team and proven capabilities driving brand building and innovation, we are confident in our ability to successfully integrate this acquisition and to build continued momentum and deliver meaningful shareholder value. Now, before I get into more detail about why we are so excited about this acquisition, I do want to take a step back for a moment and talk about where we are in terms of executing our plan and how we positioned ConAgra to make this transaction a success. 3 years ago this month, I hosted my first call as CEO of ConAgra. And during that call, I outlined my view that there was tremendous opportunity at the company, but that in order to unlock it, we needed to move quickly and take bold actions on a number of fronts and we did just that. We exited private brands as well as non-core businesses like Spicetec and JM Swank and we successfully executed the Lamb Weston spin. With these changes and many others, we transformed ConAgra into a new pure-play branded food company. At our inaugural Investor Day in 2016, we described the cadence of our work for our new company in a 5-year plan. Initially, our focus was to reset the top line by breaking ConAgra of its volume at any cost approach and to focus on our cost structure. Recognizing that cost-cutting wasnt enough, we outlined a plan to bend the top line trend by building an innovation pipeline supported by new marketing programs and adding on-trend brands through modernizing acquisitions like Blakes, Frontera, Thanasi Foods, Angies BOOMCHICKAPOP and Sandwich Bros. with a focus on driving profitable growth. Looking ahead to fiscal 19 and 20, we are focused on accelerating our growth and maintaining the strong momentum that has continued to build over the last 3 years. Meanwhile, margin expansion has become and will remain a way of life at ConAgra over the long-term. As we close fiscal 2018, we are delivering on the commitments we outlined at our Investor Day in 2016. We have made significant progress toward our goals of increasing margins, improving our top line and building a winning company. Now, moving to Slide 9, you can see that by aggressively attacking costs to right-size our SG&A and driving realized productivity, we have been able to achieve strong margin improvement. Adjusted gross margin increased by 380 basis points since fiscal 2015 and adjusted operating margin increased by 460 basis points over the same 3-year period. But we knew we had to grow. So, we strengthened our foundation by pruning low-value SKUs, updating our innovation capabilities to modernize our iconic brands and investing behind on-trend brands consumers are demanding. We are also keenly focused on our differentiated capabilities in our value-over-volume strategy. Collectively, these efforts have enabled us to successfully bend the trend on the top line and we continue to gain traction. This was our primary focus during fiscal 2018 and we are pleased with our momentum as underlying sales trends continue to strengthen and the quality of our revenue base continues to improve as reflected in increasing and higher quality total points of distribution. Base velocities also remain strong and base dollar sales continue to grow. Its been hard work, but we have built a much healthier business and one that is less promotional with a greater percentage of volume coming from loyal households at a higher margin. By investing in renovation and innovation, we have improved the quality of our portfolio and positioned the business for sustainable growth. Our aggressive efforts to modernize iconic brands and add new on-trend brands have been critical to driving results. Slide 12 shows a snapshot of our successful innovation efforts in fiscal 2018 with several more on the way in fiscal 2019 and we are just getting started. And finally in order to build a truly winning company overall, we had to look inward at our culture and the way we operate. This resulted in a complete overhaul that has touched every area of the business. We right-sized the organizations and now have fewer layers and broader spans of control, resulting in a lean company with a focus on self-service. And across the board, we have made an effort to encourage a collaborative work environment, making ConAgra a better place to work and fostering a results oriented culture of innovation and productivity. All of this has translated into very strong returns for our shareholders. Since the Board prepared to move in a new direction in August of 2014, total shareholder return is nearly 104%, almost doubling the return of the S&P 500. So, thats the backdrop to todays exciting announcement. The bottom line here is that in the past 3 years, we have done heavy lifting in order to build a strong platform for future growth while also generating tremendous shareholder value. Importantly, it has positioned us to acquire Pinnacle Foods and accelerate our ability to generate value. By acquiring Pinnacle, we are combining two portfolios with industry-leading growth to create an $11 billion company with iconic brands in frozen, snacking, refrigerated and grocery categories. The new company will be a leader in frozen foods and will have enhanced scale overall to better partner with customers. In addition to our complementary portfolios, ConAgra and Pinnacle have similar results oriented cultures. We believe Pinnacle will be an excellent cultural and operational fit. When coupled with our proven track record of executing strategic transactions, we will be able to implement a smooth integration process. In addition to the strategic and cultural benefits, we expect attractive financial returns with an IRR above our WACC and EPS accretion in the first full fiscal year following close. Dave will take you through the details, but let me point out a few highlights of the transaction. Pinnacles shareholders will receive an implied value of $68 per share in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $10.9 billion. This transaction price represents a 15.8x adjusted EBITDA multiple before synergies based on Pinnacles estimated fiscal year 2018 results and 12.1x adjusted EBITDA, including run-rate cost synergies. We expect the transaction to be accretive to EPS in fiscal 20 with that accretion increasing as strong cost synergies phase in. As we have said many times before, we remain committed to a solid investment grade credit rating with a focus on de-leveraging over the next few years. We expect the transaction to close by the end of calendar 2018, subject to Pinnacles shareholder approval, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Now, for those of you who may not be familiar with Pinnacle, the companys full year 2017 net sales were $3.1 billion, the majority of which came from its frozen and grocery segments. Pinnacles portfolio of frozen, refrigerated and shelf-stable products includes iconic brands such as Birds Eye, Duncan Hines, Earth Balance and Udis, just to name a few. Like ConAgra, Pinnacle has been a leader in innovation and has delivered solid top line results over time. Following the completion of the transaction, the new ConAgra Brands portfolio will be comprised of iconic brands with leading positions in strong categories. This will include $2 billion brands, Birds Eye and Marie Callenders. As you see on Slide 19, this transaction will bring together two of the fastest growing portfolios in the industry based on domestic retail scanner data. For our most recent fiscal quarter, ConAgra Brands had the second highest year-over-year growth rate in the industry and Pinnacle was fourth. We believe that we have a tremendous opportunity to continue strong consumption trends with the expanded brand portfolio and broader in-store reach of the combined company. Slide 20 demonstrates how the acquisition will improve our overall scale as well as our position in frozen foods. In the scanner data, combined fiscal 2018 total retail sales were over $12 billion, making the company a top 5 industry player. Together, the combined company will be the #2 player in frozen foods with $4.9 billion in sales. As you know, I have been saying for years that there is significant opportunity in frozen. Its a large space with long-term tailwinds. This transaction positions us to continue to build on our success and deliver even more great products for consumers. On Slide 21, you can see the complementary nature of our portfolios within our existing domains. Together, we will have a diverse, inherently hedged portfolio of leading iconic brands. We expect that the combined company will create new opportunities to partner with our customers. While I already touched on frozen, this transaction also enhances our portfolio of brands across other attractive domains, including snacks and sweet treats. As we have discussed before, this domain is an extremely compelling and exciting opportunity. You have already heard me speak about our efforts around culture at ConAgra, so I quickly want to highlight that we believe the cultures at ConAgra and Pinnacle are highly complementary and that our organizations are a natural fit. Much like ConAgra, Pinnacle shares our focus on innovation and on maintaining a lean and efficient operating structure and close ties with customers. This like-minded approach will be critical as we combine the two companies. So in summary, the strategic rationale is clear. We are acquiring a portfolio of complementary, leading brands that strengthens our scale, enhances our position in the attractive frozen space and provides more opportunities for innovation. From a financial fit standpoint, the acquisition meets all of our criteria. We look forward to continuing the top line momentum at both companies and delivering meaningful cost synergies and IRR that exceeds our WACC and earnings accretion. At the same time, we will remain committed to a healthy capital structure, including a solid investment grade rating. With our greater scale across leading iconic brands and an unwavering focus on driving innovation and profitable growth and a strong balance sheet and cash flow, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to drive long-term shareholder value. With that, I will hand the call over to Dave to share more financial details on the transaction and on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 results. Dave?
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean and good morning everyone. Let me begin by reiterating how excited we are about this transaction. I will start by sharing some additional details pertaining to the deal and we will then briefly discuss our strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 financial performance before we open it up for Q&A. Building on Seans comments, we are acquiring Pinnacle Foods in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $10.9 billion, including Pinnacles outstanding net debt of $2.7 billion. Under the terms of the agreement, Pinnacles shareholders will receive $43.11 in cash and 0.6494 shares of ConAgra stock for each share they hold, equating to an implied price of $68 per Pinnacle share. Pinnacles shareholders are expected to own approximately 16% of the combined company, assuming our issuance of incremental equity to the public to assist in funding the deal. This transaction price represents an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 15.8x pre-synergies based on Pinnacle Foods estimated fiscal year 2018 results and 12.1x adjusted EBITDA, including run-rate cost synergies. We secured a committed $9 billion bridge facility until permanent financing is raised. We expect to finance the $10.9 billion transaction by issuing $3 billion of ConAgra Brands stock to Pinnacles shareholders and raising $7.9 billion of cash. The cash is expected to be raised through the issuance of $7.3 billion of transaction debt and the generation of $600 million of incremental cash proceeds from either a public equity offering and/or divestitures. We have assumed that we would issue the full $600 million in equity in calculating the deal metrics, but the ultimate mix of equity issuance and divestitures will depend on timing considerations, credit implications and market conditions. ConAgra Brands pro forma net debt to EBITDA ratio is expected to be approximately 5x at closing. ConAgra is committed to a solid investment grade rating and has a targeted leverage ratio of 3.5x as we prioritize de-leveraging. We also expect to refinance all of Pinnacles debt in connection with the closing. Assuming an end of calendar year 2018 closing, we expect the transaction to be low single-digit accretive to adjusted EPS on a percentage basis in fiscal year 2020, the first full fiscal year following close and to be high single-digit accretive to adjusted EPS on a percentage basis by fiscal year 22. We are expecting $215 million in run-rate cost synergies by the end of fiscal year 22, which represents approximately 7% of Pinnacles net sales. We estimate a cash cost to achieve those synergies of $355 million, split approximately 60% operating expense and 40% CapEx. The synergies are expected to be driven by savings across procurement, logistics, manufacturing and SG&A. We expect to recognize approximately 60% of the synergies by the end of fiscal year 20, with the remainder phased in through fiscal 22. Our current estimate of incremental and tangible amortization from the deal is $55 million. As I previously mentioned, we are committed to a solid investment grade credit rating and our target leverage ratio is 3.5x. We expect to maintain our annual dividend of $0.85 per share during fiscal 19 and in the future, we are targeting modest dividend increases as we prioritize de-leveraging. In late Q4 of fiscal 18, we suspended our share repurchase program. Going forward, we will only repurchase shares if we are tracking ahead of our leverage targets. Also, we have approximately $720 million remaining on our capital loss carry-forward, which does not expire until the end of fiscal year 21. As a result, we can divest assets in a tax-efficient manner to support financing as appropriate. Now, I realize that you will have questions regarding the transaction announcement, but before we take your questions, let me quickly summarize our strong earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. As Sean mentioned earlier, we continued to execute against our transformation plan in fiscal 2018 and delivered strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results. Net sales for the fourth quarter were up 5.6% compared to a year ago. Organic net sales grew 2% driven by solid growth in both of our domestic retail segments. For the full year, net sales were up 1.4% and organic net sales decreased 0.2% in line with our estimates. For the fourth quarter, adjusted gross profit increased 6.1% to $573 million and adjusted gross margin improved 12 basis points to 29.2%. For the full year, adjusted gross profit decreased 0.5% and adjusted gross margin was 29.7%. In the quarter, A&P expense decreased to $59 million or 3% of net sales. For the full year, A&P expense decreased to $279 million or 3.5% of net sales. Our decline in A&P expense was offset by increased retailer marketing investment to drive brand saliency, enhanced distribution and consumer trial in store. Adjusted SG&A for the quarter was up 3.4% and was 11.1% of net sales. For the full year, adjusted SG&A of $798 million was down slightly and was 10.1% of net sales. Adjusted operating profit was up 16.4% for the fourth quarter and adjusted operating profit for the full year was up 3.5%. Importantly, adjusted operating margin continued its improvement versus the prior year. Fourth quarter adjusted operating margin was 15%, up 139 basis points from a year ago. Full year adjusted operating margin was 16.1%, up 33 basis points versus the prior year and in line with our full year guidance. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.50 for the fourth quarter, up 35.1% from the prior year. And for the full year, adjusted diluted EPS was $2.11, up 21.3%, above the high end of our guidance. Slide 30 outlines the drivers of our fourth quarter and full year net sales change versus a year ago. During the fourth quarter, organic net sales growth of 2% was consistent with the guidance we provided last quarter. For the full fiscal year, net sales grew 1.4% and organic net sales declined 0.2%, which was near the high-end of our full year guidance range. Slide 31 outlines the puts and takes on our full year adjusted gross margin decline. As we have been saying through the year, inflation has been coming in higher than we originally expected, finishing the year at 3.8%. Our integrated margin management team identified the margin levers to help offset that inflation and delivered strong results during the year. As you can see in this chart, if we remove the impact of the shift in marketing investments from A&P to retailer marketing, our adjusted gross margin would have been flat in fiscal year 18. Instead of going through the details of each segment this quarter, I will just call out a few big takeaways. First, in the fourth quarter, all four of our operating segments grew operating profit and expanded operating margin. Second, both domestic retail segments grew organic net sales in the quarter. Next, our international segment expanded operating margin in each fiscal quarter this year. And finally, the Foodservice segments net sales growth rate has started to improve. The segment has now begun to lap its value-over-volume actions. Slide 33 summarizes our full year segment results and how the improvements in adjusted operating profit and margin flow by segment. I will not discuss this in detail, but I do want to reinforce that the strong fourth quarter performance across all segments gives us strong momentum heading into fiscal year 19. Slide 34 outlines the drivers of our 35% adjusted EPS improvement versus the fourth quarter a year ago. An increase in adjusted gross profit drove $0.06 of the EPS increase. Lower SG&A and A&P expense added $0.02 of improvement, which was offset by unfavorable interest expense and a slight decrease in the Ardent Mills joint venture income of $0.01. Tax reform and share repurchases added $0.03 of EPS improvement. Slide 35 outlines the drivers of our full year adjusted EPS improvement of plus 21% versus a year ago. The slight decrease of $0.02 in adjusted gross profit for the year was more than offset by lower SG&A and A&P expense, which drove $0.10 of the EPS improvement. Another $0.10 of improvement came from increased Ardent Mills joint venture income and favorable interest expense. We saw a $0.06 favorable impact from tax and a $0.13 contribution from share repurchase activity. Slide 36 summarizes select balance sheet and cash flow information for the fiscal year. Net cash flow from operating activities for continuing operations was $920 million for the year, down from $1.1 billion last year primarily driven by the $300 million pension plan contribution we made in the fourth quarter. We had capital expenditures of $252 million, up slightly versus the prior year. During 2018, we paid dividends of $342 million and repurchased approximately $967 million worth of stock. We ended the year with $3.8 billion in total debt and approximately $128 million of cash on hand. In the first quarter of 2019, we are adopting a new accounting standard, which requires us to change how our income statement looks. We are now adding a new line item named pension and postretirement non-service income. The impact of this change is that we will reclassify $86 million of pension income out of adjusted operating profit and into this new line item below adjusted operating profit, reducing adjusted operating margin by 110 basis points. It is important to note that there is no impact to net income, only a shift between the line items. Today, we furnished an 8-K with historical financial information, so that people can better understand the changes on a historical basis and put our fiscal 19 guidance into the appropriate context. As we noted last quarter, now that our pension plan is more fully funded, we can reduce future volatility by changing the pension asset mix to a higher percentage of fixed income securities and a lower percentage of equity and other securities. The net impact of this change is a non-cash P&L headwind in fiscal year 19 as the new line item pension and postretirement non-service income will move from $86 million in fiscal 18 to approximately $40 million in fiscal 19. Note that this $46 million income reduction represents approximately $0.09 of negative EPS impact in fiscal 19. On Slide 39, we summarized our standalone fiscal 2019 outlook, which does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of Pinnacle. We expect net sales growth to be in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%. As we mentioned in this mornings release, we recently sold our Trenton, Missouri production facility. As part of the transaction, the Foodservice segment exited a non-core co-manufacturing agreement that generated $79 million in net sales in fiscal 2018. Excluding the impact of the Trenton facility sale, we expect organic net sales growth to be in the range of 1% to 2%. We expect adjusted operating margin, which reflects the impact of the pension reclassification I just discussed in the range of 15% to 15.3% as we continue to strengthen our portfolio and invest in product innovation. We expect pension and postretirement non-service income of approximately $40 million for fiscal 19. We expect an effective tax rate in the range of 23% to 24%, consistent with what we guided to at CAGNY. We are not providing full year EPS guidance given the dynamics of the pending acquisition of Pinnacle, including the yet-to-be-determined impact of our permanent financing to interest expense and shares outstanding. Due to the timing of the Pinnacle announcement, we are however providing guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. For the quarter, we expect reported net sales growth in the range of 2% to 2.5%, adjusted operating margin in the range of 14.1% to 14.4%, which again is on the new basis to reflect the pension accounting reclassification, and adjusted EPS in the range of $0.46 to $0.49. We remain on track to deliver on our 3-year standalone fiscal 2020 financial algorithm, which uses fiscal 2017 as the base year. As outlined on Slide 41, today, we are truing up our algorithm to reflect changes in pension accounting standards and our strategic decision to shift marketing investments from A&P to above the net sales line retailer marketing. We continue to expect an organic net sales compound annual growth rate to be in the range of 1% to 2%. While the strategic decision to shift from A&P marketing to retailer marketing provides a headwind to net sales growth, we expect an offsetting improvement in sales from those investments. Due to this marketing shift, adjusted gross margin is now expected to be approximately 30.5%. As a result of the new pension accounting reclassification, adjusted SG&A excluding A&P is now expected to be approximately 11.8%. Meanwhile, we expect A&P as a percentage of net sales to be approximately 3.2%, which is consistent with our deliberate choice to shift marketing investments from A&P to retailers. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 15.5%, reflecting the pension re-class. In summary, we continue to make excellent progress executing our strategic plan as evidenced by our strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results. Although we will not update our long-term algorithm until after we close on the Pinnacle acquisition, you can expect to see a combined company that leverages the strengths of two winning organizations. We expect top line growth to continue at the pace both companies have delivered, but by combining two very strong portfolios, the sustainability of that growth is enhanced. And with the addition of Pinnacle, we expect an improved margin profile and EPS accretion versus the ConAgra base business. As Sean mentioned, ConAgra has made tremendous progress over the last 3 years and we view the pending acquisition of Pinnacle as a catalyst to additional value creation for shareholders. That concludes my remarks. I will now pass it to the operator, as Sean, Tom McGough and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. Thank you. Hoping to get some color on why the synergies arent a little bit higher than the typical 7%ish rate in food. Just wondering are the supply chain synergies in frozen not as high as maybe we expected? Is it that Pinnacles SG&A is already very low and efficient or maybe is there  I am hoping maybe some  there is just some conservatism in there, so any help you guys can provide there would be greatly appreciated?
Sean Connolly: Ken, let me start and then Dave add whatever color you want to add versus some of the things I have read, Ken, I think probably the biggest modeling difference is within COGS in manufacturing. So we have got 7% synergies here, which we are highly confident in. We have scrubbed every opportunity and we are  we feel very good we can deliver this number. But I think sometimes there is a belief that when you put two companies together, you can take half of the manufacturing assets, half of the plants and consolidate them, thats not how it actually works in practice. The example I would give you is a vegetable processing plant is not the same as a frozen food manufacturing plant. You have to process vegetables in very close proximity to the field, because of the delicacy of the vegetables, which is different than how we make say frozen meals. So I think some of  perhaps the assumptions around manufacturing assets were more aggressive than what exist in reality. The numbers we have got in here we feel very good about and obviously, its kind of like how we approach margins in general. We always look to over deliver, but this is the number that we believe is correct and its about on par with what we have seen elsewhere in the industry. Dave, what I missed?
Dave Marberger: No, I think you covered it. I think its also important to understand that the $215 million, thats a real synergy number. So there is no  thats going to hit the P&L and thats going to be favorability that you will model. We feel  as Sean said, we feel very good about that, the ability to deliver that. As I mentioned in my comments, we believe 60% of that will come by the end of fiscal year 20 and then the rest will phase in. And I did quote cost to achieve which are really one-time costs and then some CapEx. So we feel really good about the synergy numbers and our ability to deliver them.
Operator: The next question will be from [indiscernible] of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning everyone. I guess, there is  we fielded a few questions today just about the guidance for standalone ConAgra for 2019. And so I was hoping you can help I think just relative to where I guess consensus expectations were for 19. It seems like its more or less in line, but could you help us bridge I guess a little bit about whats happening below the operating income line? Is interest expense going to be higher? I understand there wont be share repurchases, but just trying to get a better understanding of where your 19 guide was maybe relative to where expectations were?
Dave Marberger: Yes, sure, Brian. Its Dave. Let me take a shot at that. So yes, the main reason  we are not trying to hide anything. The reason we didnt give EPS guidance for 19 is exactly that, because of the transaction and the impact that could have on interest expense and shares, right, given timing of the financing. But if you step back, the big thing I think today because some analysts have factored it in, some have not, is the pension accounting headwind. So, I think we have been very clear as to what the impact of that is and how that needs to be modeled now below the operating margin line. You are right you should assume no share repurchase now. According to our numbers, that doesnt have a dramatic impact on EPS because of the way the weighted average share calculation works. And then interest expense, I mean I think probably the most prudent thing is to just model it as sort of the standalone business and then obviously when we know more about the timing and financing, then we can modify it from there. So I think if you factor those things in, you will be able to get kind of close to the consensus number. I dont think you will have a problem. Let me just hit Q1 why I am on it. We did give guidance for Q1. We normally wouldnt do that, but because of the timing of signing and the estimating closing by the end of the calendar year, we thought it would be prudent to give at least Q1 guidance. And from a sales perspective, its pretty consistent with how we finished Q4. We gave guidance on reported, but organic will be pretty consistent with where we were in the fourth quarter. You will notice that the operating margins are lower on a year-on-year basis and that is all timing of SG&A and some transition service income that we had in the prior year that we dont have in this year. So, thats just a wrapping on a one-time benefit there, but its really timing, because if you look at the full year and the operating margin guidance we give for the full year, you can see improvement. So, its a timing thing with SG&A for the first quarter. So hopefully, that gives you enough insight to get you there.
Operator: The next question will be from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Looking back a couple of years now to that Analyst Day, you laid out some long-term supply chain opportunities, including network consolidation and ingredient sourcing. Could you give us an update as to where you were, where you are now on that journey that you saw then in terms of your own COGS realization and then talk about how Pinnacle really changes that and maybe perhaps adds to that? And then relatedly, how do you view your capital expenditure needs for the combined company over the next few years? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Yes, David, let me start with that. So, yes, we gave very specific guidance and insight at Investor Day on our supply chain operations that we talked about a realized productivity metric and we are on track with everything we laid out. Our realized productivity has been coming in at 3%, a little north of 3%. The thing that we did not call right back then, nobody called right, was inflation, right. We thought inflation was going to be in the low 2%. As I just quoted, we finished at 3.8% this year. So clearly, much more of a headwind than we anticipated at that time, but our productivity programs are tracking right on. In terms of Pinnacle, its better to wait till we close and have an Investor Day to get into more of that, but I think Pinnacle has clearly proven their ability to drive productivity and margin improvement. They have had really strong results in that area. And as Sean mentioned in his comments, its a strong culture of productivity and cost savings. On the CapEx, I did quote some incremental CapEx related to  in my cost-to-achieve number. So thats a number that you can pickup in addition to our base CapEx numbers for each business.
Operator: And the next question will be from Steve Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Good morning and congratulations. So a quick question would be on, Sean, for the category overlap, is there anything that jumps off the page when you look at the two portfolios together as to what might draw some attention whether its in the frozen business with Hungry-Man or the chili brands? And lastly, are you able to utilize your NOLs for the foundation brands in the Pinnacle portfolio or only for legacy ConAgra? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Let me take that in reverse order. The capital loss carry-forward just so everybody is clear can only be used for preexisting ConAgra assets, so just so everybody has got that. On the other one, we dont anticipate any antitrust issues. This transaction involves very complementary products, but in highly competitive sectors and it benefits our customers by making ConAgra an even more effective competitor. Now, we are going to be able to deliver more innovation and value to consumers, but we dont anticipate any antitrust issues here.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, Jon. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about well maybe bigger picture about the industry and your options, because it seems to me that we go back to a year ago and there will probably be some detail about your timing and extended conversations here. But go back to a year ago when there were some reports about you talking  valuations are a lot cheaper across the food group, your own fundamentals are a lot better, especially on a relative basis. And maybe  and you strike this transaction today, I am curious, it clearly makes sense now just like it made sense then, but when you think about other things you could have done in the near-term in the industry, maybe just a comment about what you are seeing  what todays transaction maybe says about the industry as a whole and other opportunities? Thanks very much.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Well, in terms of what we look for big, big picture when it comes to M&A, just think about what we are trying to do as a company. We are a lean company, but we are a company thats focused on growth. And for 3 years, we have been reshaping the portfolio for better margins and better growth profile. So finding  we have been on the lookout for a while now for a larger, smart synergistic acquisition, but those opportunities tend to be fewer and farther between. And when they come up, its important to us that the asset has real legitimate growth potential and the Pinnacle team has done an absolutely phenomenal job driving innovation and growth here and that meant a lot to us. We also have been very clear around our success criteria all along and the announced deal today reflects both an open-minded seller and the ability to meet our criteria. So, its a great combination overall and we are looking forward to getting at it.
Operator: And the next question will be from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I will add my congratulations as well. I just wanted to ask you in relation to synergies, if I could. First of all, are there any explicit revenue synergies you expect from the transaction? And then also just related to that, when you think about the $215 million of synergies, is there any need to invest in say capabilities at Pinnacle, which runs at a really low level of overhead? Is there some investment that you are building into your synergy expectation as well?
Sean Connolly: First, on growth synergies, nothing we have shared today assumes any growth synergies. So, we kind of gave you a preview of directionally how we are thinking about the long-term algorithm of the combined companies and both of these companies have probably among the higher long-term growth forecast as it exists already. So we are not at a point where we are going to change that, but I think it goes without saying that when you take two strong portfolios and you combine them into a single bigger portfolio, just the consistency and the sustainability of that growth profile almost by deductive reasoning has to go up. So, thats in there. We havent baked in any growth synergies. I can tell you I personally have plenty of ideas for our innovation team to start thinking about, but thats for a conversation down the road. And in terms of capabilities that the Pinnacle team like ConAgra is a lean team, but obviously it is a highly capable team. And so we are really looking forward between now and close to getting to know the team to try to understand what their towering strengths are and frankly we like the idea of continuing to enhance our capabilities by the combination of the two. Dave, you want to add something?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Just so, Chris, on the synergy, the $215 million we put out there. So everything we reflect in our forecast, our accretion estimates of high single-digit by fiscal 22 reflects all the costs we need to incur to get there. I do want to remind everybody too, because companies do this differently. Our accretion estimates include amortization of intangibles, the estimated purchase accounting on this transaction. Lot of companies just quote cash EPS accretion. If we were to look at cash EPS accretion, we are double-digits. So we are quoting EPS accretion as a GAAP number that includes amortization estimates. I just want to make sure thats clear, because sometimes its confusing.
Operator: And the next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Sean. Can you help give a little more color on the decision to reduce the advertising line item in SG&A or just the direct-to-consumer kind of approach and push more in terms of retailer spending? Do you foresee any kind of long-term impact on your brands as a result of that? And what makes you feel comfortable that the spending with the retailer is going to be sufficient to maintain, I guess, the intangible equities?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think the answer to the question is we expect that the long-term impact to our brands is positive. We view it as a positive change. For almost a year now, we have been outspoken about the marketing ROI improvement we believe we could get by moving some ineffective A&P marketing investments to retailer marketing investments. And accordingly, we have shifted some of our investments above net sales and it is clearly working. Our sales are up. Our promotion levels remain reduced and our pricing is ahead of our categories on average. And because we plan to maintain this marketing profile coupled with the pension accounting change, we needed to true up our algorithm, but fundamentally, nothing has changed. But Id like to give you just a case study here, because I think your question is really about is this a lower quality marketing investment and is it ultimately going to hurt brand equities over time? The opposite is actually true, Rob. We are seeing very different marketing programs with customers today than when I started out in the industry and it was all high low trade. Look at Healthy Choice as an example. Healthy Choice is about a $400 million brand at retail. It had been declining for years. We have modernized the brand. We are investing with customers to make sure we get the right placement and get the product clearly in front of consumers when they are shopping. And in Q4 that $400 million business at retail grew its top line about 20%. So, that is unheard of to see a brand of that scale thats been around that long that was that outdated, put up those kinds of trends. And I would say its a combination of both the below-the-line marketing spend and the above-the-line spend, but the total marketing spend has actually increased and it is far more effective and the investments we are making above the line are not in contrast to building brand equity. They actually enhance brand equity. The easy one to describe is when we make an investment with e-tailers as an example on search. Search is a bit of a pay-to-play game. But by paying to play, we are able to get the story of our brands in front of consumers so they understand the ingredients, they understand the founders, they understand all of that. That is good old-fashioned brand building and it is a far superior investment than buying a commercial on Home and Garden TV at 2:30 in the morning on the Thursday night. So overall, we feel excellent about the shift. Its working. We plan to continue to do it and thats why we are truing it up, so you guys can model it properly.
Operator: The next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alexia. Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Do you have any read at the moment about how quickly your de-levering will happen to get from 5x to 3.5x?
Dave Marberger: Yes, Alexia. So thats clearly our target. Right now, we are looking at a glide path assuming we would close by the end of the calendar year. By the end of fiscal 21, we should be pretty close to the 3.5x.
Operator: And the next question will be from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. Congrats from me as well. Just a broader question really, your own perspective, Sean, as to really why upon the announcement this morning both the ConAgra shares and the Pinnacle shares are obviously  have come under some near-term pressure. And from my perspective, it sounds like this is the transaction thats kind of been a long time coming and it made logical sense and there is obvious value creation, and you have outlined that today. So really just very simplistically just why do you think both stocks are down and why would you be happy owning ConAgra equity, especially if you were a Pinnacle shareholder? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Rob, I am not going to speculate as to what the market is going to do in the course of a couple of hour window. What I can tell you is I have total confidence that by combining these two companies we will only accelerate the strong shareholder value creation track record that we have been delivering. There has been a lot of commentary about deals that perhaps dont make sense to investors in recent days. These are two portfolios that fit perfectly together and in fact looking at it right now, I think its just an outstanding investment opportunity.
Dave Marberger: And just to add to what Sean says, with our information today, we are putting a lot out there and there is a lot of things like the pension reclassifications, our shift of A&P. Looking at that the wrong way, people could look at that as, oh, your operating margins are down or gross margin, you didnt hit the 32%, when thats not correct. But we tried in the materials to be very descriptive as to what we are doing here. So I think as people look at it and understand, wait a minute, actually, the core business is doing very strong. I just wonder if there is a little bit of confusion given all the changes that are taking place in our numbers, just another opinion.
Operator: And the next question will be from David Driscoll of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning. This is actually Cornell Burnette on with a few questions for David. Just wanted to ask you obviously when you look at the deal, some of the logic of bringing the Pinnacle Foods frozen assets and combining them with ConAgra seems pretty obvious, just wondered your take on maybe some of the parts of the portfolio at Pinnacle that are less obvious with ConAgra. And I am thinking of things such as like baking mixes and perhaps salad dressings and wondering kind of over the long-term, how do you see that fitting in with what you want to do and is this like a good long-term fit for the company?
Sean Connolly: Yes, those two examples that you bring up are actually examples of excellent fits. We talk about our portfolio as spanning four consumer domains, frozen meals, snacks and sweet treats, condiments and enhancers and shelf-stable meals and sides, Duncan Hines, if you look at the fantastic innovation thats come out of Pinnacle team on Duncan Hines in the last year or so, its really demonstrating that Duncan Hines operates well as a sweet treat, a convenient sweet treat and we think there is real innovation opportunity still ahead there and it fits squarely with what we do in sweet treats where we have great brands like Swiss Miss and Snack Packs. So, thats very close to home for us. Within our center store grocery business, we do look at it two ways, condiments and enhancers and shelf-stable meals and sides, both of those businesses play important roles. But interestingly, when you look at millennial behavior in particular, they are very interested in condiments and enhancers as a simple way to add flavor, texture, moisture to food and obviously, the Wish-Bone business kind of is  it fits very close to home with what we do with brands like Hunts ketchup, Frontera salsa, things like that. So, its actually extremely close in. I struggle to find something in the Pinnacle portfolio thats actually not close in when I look at it. These are categories that are very similar to the kinds of benefits that we bring to consumer households everyday.
Operator: The next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Lubi Kutua: Good morning. This is actually Lubi filling in for Akshay. I just wanted to ask a bit of a big picture question. So you have obviously completed a number of acquisitions. You have done some divestitures over the last few years as part of your portfolio reshaping efforts and obviously you still have a fair amount of the tax loss carry-forward remaining to do more. So I am just wondering at a high level in terms of your portfolio reshaping efforts, how close do you think you are to being at sort of an optimal portfolio mix? And are there any sort of particular segments of the market where you feel you are maybe under or overexposed, such that 5 years from now in a perfect world, are there any parts of the portfolio that might look probably meaningfully different than where we are today? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Lubi, I think the big picture view on what we do as brand builders, is we look externally at what is working with the consumer and then we constantly or we should be refine our portfolio and modernize our brands, so that they are meeting emerging and current consumer trends, not yesterdays trends. So, that means everything is always in a state of flux in terms of the way our brands present themselves to consumers and there maybe over the course of 10, 15 years, you may see certain segments improve their growth rates and certain slowing. You have to be agile and flexible and go with that. For us right now, as I have said many times, I see years and years and years of runway in frozen. Frozen is a big piece of real estate in the grocery store that just recently is beginning to undergo the kind of modernization that it needs. And I think there is a long way to go there. Also for us, we see a clear opportunity in snacks and sweet treats. We have a $2 billion snack business at retail. It plays in the four of the fastest growing snack sub-segments around and now we are going to be able to add some snacks assets to that mix with some of the Pinnacle snack brands. So, those are the two biggies. We see surgical opportunities in condiments and enhancers as we have talked previously, but Id say, frozen and snacking are the two areas where we will continue to put the most momentum.
Operator: And the next question will be from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you can comment on how you are evaluating potential divestiture candidates across the portfolio. And just related to that, I know you said that you dont envision any antitrust issues, but is this view taking into account potentially divesting assets where there could be overlap? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think we are really  again, we dont anticipate any antitrust issues. When it comes to divestiture strategy more broadly, we have been on the record a long, long time saying that M&A is part of our strategy and we expect inbounds and as we reshape the portfolio, we expect some outbound things and we can do that very efficiently. With this announcement and the fact that the whole world basically knows we have a capital loss carry-forward tax asset, I think its plausible that somebody could inquire about an asset that they covet. And we have always been open-minded to that as evidenced by the actions we have taken on Spicetec, Swank, Del Monte, Wesson, etcetera and we will continue to be open-minded if it makes good strategic and financial sense.
Operator: And the next question will be from Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Okay, thank you for taking the questions. Just a quick clarification for me. In terms of the pro forma leverage target of 5x that you see at deal close, its indicated that, thats on a net basis. As we think about the 3.5x target that you have laid out there is that also on a net basis or is that on a gross basis? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Its on a gross basis. So, the 5x and yes, its on a gross basis.
Operator: And with that, we will close the question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. As a reminder, this conference has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our press release. As a reminder, Investor Relations is available for discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-03-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Senior Director of IR Sean Connolly - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Marberger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Tom McGough  President, Operating Segments
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Steven Strycula - UBS
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ConAgra Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. While we are making those statements in good faith and we are confident about the Company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, we refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. References to adjusted items including organic net sales refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. Please see the press release for additional information on our comparability items. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either of the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our website at ConAgrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. We continued to make solid progress on our transformation plan during the quarter. Our primary focus this fiscal year has been on the top-line and we are particularly pleased with our momentum on this front as underlying sales trends, notably consumption continue to strengthen across our domestic retail segments.  The investments we are making behind our brands to drive enhanced saliency, distribution and consumer trial are having the intended impact. These investments were largely above the line this quarter and consistent with our strategy to partner with retailers to acquaint our consumer base with our modernized brands and new innovation. The timing of these increased investments converged with greater than expected inflation in the quarter including higher transportation costs, as well as higher than expected reductions in retail customer inventories.  Combined, these factors created near-term pressure on our gross margin despite the fact that we continue to price ahead of our categories. Our M&A activity continued this quarter. We were very disappointed in the Federal Trade Commissions decision on the proposed Wesson sale and we are continuing to review Wessons role in the portfolio. But, we kept our M&A momentum nonetheless. Our solid performance has enabled us to raise our full year adjusted EPS guidance range. As a reminder, the guidance we most recently provided at CAGNY already accounted for the impact of the tax law changes. Todays incremental increase is based on our underlying performance.  Even without the aid of Tax Reform, we would still exceed the high-end of our original guidance range driven by a strong top-line. As you can imagine, this is very satisfying, particularly in a far more onerous inflationary environment than we planned for.  At our inaugural Investor Day in the Fall of 2016, we committed to do three things; increase margins, improve top-line, and build a winning company. Strategically, our biggest priority this year has been strengthening top-line performance behind modernized brands and a strong innovation slate. After three quarters, we like what we see. Our focus on bending the trend on the top-line continues to gain traction.  We expect to continue experiencing some variation in our results quarter-to-quarter, but over time, we also expect to grow. As you will recall from last quarter, our shipments exceeded consumption largely behind the hurricanes. Of our 230 basis point improvement in top-line growth in Q2, we estimated that approximately 220 basis points were related to the hurricanes.  During our Q2 call, we shared that we expected a reversal of this dynamic in Q3 with consumption outpacing shipments, particularly in our higher margin Grocery and Snacks segment. That expectation played out.  So taking a step back, combining Q2 and Q3 performance enables us to create a more normalized cohort that takes out the timing effect of the hurricanes and highlights the steady progress we are making to drive consumer takeaway.  As you can see on Slide 9, we expect our strong top-line trends to continue in the fourth quarter. Our deliberate efforts to cut unprofitable SKUs and pullback on low-quality promotions are now largely behind us. In our largest segments, weve done a significant amount of the heavy value over volume lifting and the results are clear.  As our new innovations have hit the marketplace, our top-line has responded with consistent, steady improvement. So while it remains early days, we are happy with our growth momentum and we are excited about the future. Our categories continue to grow largely driven by our efforts. And you can see that we are growing share.  And Slide 11 highlights that the quality of our revenue base continues to improve. Total points of distribution are coming back in a much higher quality fashion, base velocities have improved dramatically and base dollar sales are in positive territory again.  As you can see on Slide 12, these trends have allowed us to continue to price above our categories. Weve also remained true to our value over volume strategy as the percent of products sold on promotion has decreased every quarter for more than two years. While that trend is not sustainable in perpetuity, this clearly indicates that our strong volume performance was not driven by deep discounts or price rollbacks.  None of these results would be possible had we not set out to aggressively modernize our iconic brands. Its been heavy lifting, but its also been tremendously rewarding and we are just getting warmed up with another robust innovation slate set to hit the market in fiscal 2019.  As most of you know, we started our efforts to bend the top-line trend by focusing on Frozen, given the strong underlying fundamentals of the category and the untapped potential we identified in our brands. As you can see on Slide 14, our focus on innovation and targeted investments to drive brand saliency, distribution and consumer trial are clearly bearing fruit.  Weve experienced continued growth in Refrigerated and Frozen driven primarily by core business improvements and innovation launches in the Banquet, Healthy Choice, and Marie Callender's businesses. Frozen retail sales have improved materially. Frozen consumption was up nicely again in the quarter continuing a strong trend in the domain.  And we think we have a lot of room to go from here as our distribution performance continues to improve and dollar sales growth has followed. Banquet, Healthy Choice, and Marie Callender's are our three largest brands in Frozen and received the most significant focus of our renovation work. These brands play distinct roles in our portfolio and in the Frozen category.  Banquet is the number one brand in Frozen single-served meals by volume, providing American Classics to more than 40 million households. Healthy Choice, competes very effectively and has had a makeover to focus on active lifestyle. And Marie Callender's is known for its comfort food.  By focusing on and leveraging the unique characteristics and strengths of these brands, weve returned each of them to growth and reestablished the relevancy of Frozen meals, and we see substantial runway for continued growth ahead.  As we showcased last month at CAGNY, we are very excited about our fiscal 2019 Frozen innovation. We will extend into new day parts, expand modern wellness and new cuisine offerings, and pursue hand-held options.  Sampling of these new innovations can be found here on Slide 18. Taking a step back, one of the things we are most determined about in Frozen is that given our strong performance we have ample room to capture our fair share of shelf space and grow organically.  As highlighted in the chart on Slide 19, we have much larger share of dollar sales than we have of TPDs. We are working with retailers to highlight this fact as they review their planograms, we expect them to trim over skewed products those that are showing above 100 in this index and add more of the underskewed products like ours that have earned more space on the shelf. We expect this to be a tailwind for our Frozen business going forward as we gain our fair share of distribution. Progress weve made in Frozen demonstrates that our plan is working and we are not resting on what weve accomplished to-date.  Turning to our Grocery and Snacks segment on Slide 20, as we noted earlier, we expected this segments sales to be down in Q3, given the impact of the hurricanes in Q2. Recall, we saw sales exceed consumption in the second quarter.  However, in Q3, sales were down more than expected, primarily related to an unanticipated reduction in retail customer inventory levels near the end of the calendar year. While this adjustment in inventory levels negatively impacted the quarter, we expect this shift in customer behavior to be a one-time transitory occurrence.  Despite the unexpected impact of the reduction in retail customer inventory levels in Q3, when you look at the normalized cohort of Q2 and Q3 combined, which removes the impact of these timing dynamics, we remain on track.  The improvement in the segment is encouraging and we have concrete plans in place to renovate certain brands and provide the appropriate investment support behind them similar to the work weve done in our Frozen portfolio. Although its certainly early days, we are pleased with the underlying consumption trends in our Grocery and Snacks portfolio, which bodes well for this segments long-term top-line growth prospects. When you look just at our base business in Grocery and Snacks, trends are even more encouraging. Non-promoted consumption exceeded our internal expectations in the quarter and weve seen solid share performance as well.  As you can see in the chart on the right, base dollar sales turned positive in the quarter for the first time in more than two years, a promising sign of whats to come. A particular note, we are seeing growth from both iconic established brands like Chef Boyardee, Orville Redenbacher's and Swiss Miss, as well as newly acquired brands like Angie's BOOMCHICKAPOP, Duke's and Bigs.  Again, these are encouraging signs and reflect the impact we can have as bring the right approach to brand building and innovation across our portfolio. We expect to accelerate from here with a particular focus on snacking. We are energizing our snacking playbook with ramped up innovation, a focus on driving impulse consumption, marketing with a purpose and better price pack architecture.  We are creating a culture within a culture to fit the unique attributes of the Snacks business which has different products and purchasing behavior. And as I mentioned earlier, its not just what we do with our snack brands, its how we do it. We need to be faster, introducing new varieties across the portfolio like the exciting new innovation you see on Slide 25, which will hit the market in fiscal 2019.  While we are excited about the opportunity in Snacks, we remain focused on our Grocery brands. Slide 25 also shows some of our upcoming innovation and renovation in the Grocery business where we see growth opportunities in condiments and enhancers, and are working to keep our lucrative shelf-stable meals inside the business reliably contributing.  We are renovating these brands with modern flavors, simplified ingredients, and new graphics to better appeal to todays consumers. Similar to what weve done in our Frozen business, as we innovate, we expect to see benefits from improving sales mix, through premiumized products and more relevant brands.  With all of our strong innovation hitting the market, weve made the strategic decision to add incremental support behind our brands to enhance saliency, distribution and consumer trial. We recognize that todays world requires a different approach to marketing.  We are focused on making investments that engage the consumer with our brands and that could include traditional TV and print ads, distribution investments, merchandizing, sampling, digital marketing and even customer loyalty programs. As you can see on Slide 26, we are focused on reaching the consumer where they are on their path to purchase including by leveraging targeted digital engagements and incentives prior to their arrival in the store.  On Slide 27, you can see a sample of some of the brand investments we are making with our retail partners. Some of our marketing investments may appear above the net sales line and some of it may be below. But the overall goal is to add incremental support, especially where we have new renovation and innovation.  These investments will be brand and customer-specific, as we acquaint consumers with our modernized portfolio and new innovation. And based on our strong consumer trends, these efforts are clearly paying off. As I noted at the outset, the timing of these investments converged with higher than anticipated inflation.  As highlighted on Slide 28, inflation is trending well above the 2.7% we anticipated as part of our initial fiscal 2018 guidance. The inflation impacts both input costs and transportation costs, which have risen sharply across the industry. The net result in Q3 was that despite our actions to price ahead of our categories, gross margins were pressured.  As weve said before, margins may move around quarter-to-quarter beyond our normal seasonality and as we continue through our transformation, we will look to exit lower margin businesses and enhance our portfolio with margin-accretive innovation and acquisitions quarter-to-quarter. Well also invest where we believe we can achieve a high ROI and of course, well see fluctuations in input costs.  However, we are confident that regardless of short-term impacts, we will continue to move the centerline of our profitability north over time as we have for the past several years. We are proud of the 430 basis points of margin expansion we achieved from fiscal 2015 to 2017 and we are not done.  While there were a few transitory factors impacting our gross margin performance in Q3, overall, our operating margin remains strong and our fiscal 2018 guidance shows that we continue to see operating margin expansion. Dave will provide a bit more detail on the specific factors that impacted near-term margin performance, but the bottom-line is that none of these factors change our long-term margin outlook or our commitment to chip away at the margin opportunity over time.  Turning to Slide 31, M&A remains a central part of our plan. We intend to pursue modernizing acquisitions, synergistic acquisitions and select divestitures. Well continue to strike the right balance between being aggressive and being disciplined.  In the third quarter, we completed our acquisition of Sandwich Bros and announced plans to divest our Canadian Del Monte fruit and vegetable business. We also announced the termination of our agreement to sell the Wesson oil business. As I mentioned earlier, we intend to continue to evaluate the role of this business within our portfolio.  In summary, we are pleased with our continued progress on the top-line and encouraged by the performance of our innovation. We intend to continue supporting growth through disciplined and strategic investments to drive brand saliency, distribution and trial while we manage through a near-term inflationary environment.  And we continue to be supported by a strong balance sheet with the financial flexibility to pursue M&A opportunities to enhance our portfolio. Given our solid performance, weve updated our fiscal 2018 guidance to raise adjusted EPS above the previously provided range which already accounted for the impact of tax reform.  With that, Ill hand it over to Dave to share more on the financial details of the quarter. 
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone. Slide 34, outlines our financial performance for the third quarter versus the prior year. Ill walk through our results at the total company and segment levels and you are going to hear some themes.  First, our investments to drive the top-line are working. While the third quarter organic net sales were negatively impacted by hurricane-related timing shifts between the second and third quarters, as well as some unexpected customer inventory contractions in the third quarter, we see continued net sales progress. Our value over volume strategy and product innovation are working.  Second, gross profit was impacted by several factors this quarter including our intentional choices on how to invest in the top-line. We continued to focus our brand building activity on above the line marketing investments with retailers and we reduced A&P investments. This impacted gross margin. We also saw challenges on the cost side.  Our core productivity programs continue to deliver. But their benefits were more than offset by significant input cost inflation in the quarter including transportation. Since we dont provide gross margin results at the segment level, youll see this flow through to operating margin in the segment performance.  Also, the Grocery and Snacks segment experienced some transitory operating costs that impacted operating profit and margin. While the quarter presented a variety of dynamics to work through the teams stayed focused on fundamentals and as you can see, weve reconfirmed our net sales guidance and increased our EPS outlook for the year.  So lets dig into the details. Reported net sales for the third quarter were up 0.7% while organic net sales were down 2.2% reflecting timing shifts in sales between the second and third quarters and overall customer inventories contracting more than anticipated around calendar year end.  As Sean mentioned, total organic net sales for the second and third quarter combined, grew 0.1% showing continued positive momentum.  Adjusted gross profit dollars were down $27 million or 4.3%. Adjusted gross margin was 30% for the third quarter, in line with the second quarter and down approximately 155 basis points from the prior year.  A&P expense decreased 13.7% or $12 million. As seen in the second quarter, the decline in A&P was more than offset by increased above the line marketing investment with retailers to drive brand saliency, enhanced distribution and consumer trial in-store. These retailer investments helped deliver strong consumption growth in the quarter.  Adjusted SG&A was relatively flat to the prior year and was 10% of net sales, slightly favorable to the year ago quarter as we continue to run a lean organization. We like that our adjusted SG&A spend as a percentage of net sales remains top tier in the industry.  Adjusted operating profit was down $12 million or 3.6% for the quarter. This was due to inflation of 3.7% driven primarily from input costs and transportation, along with the retailer investments mentioned earlier. Although gross productivity was strong for the quarter, realized productivity was suppressed by higher than normal transitory operating costs.  Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.61 for the third quarter, which was up 27.1% driven primarily by lower tax rates.  Slide 35 outlines the drivers of our third quarter net sales change versus a year ago. Total company organic net sales were down 2.2%. Volume decreased 2.8%, driven mostly by the shift in timing of sales between the second and third quarters, as well as a higher than expected reduction in retailer inventories near the calendar year end, particularly in the Grocery and Snacks segment. Overall price mix increased primarily from favorable products and customer sales mix in Foodservice, along with positive pricing in the International segment, and favorable price mix in the Refrigerated and Frozen segment from new products. This was partially offset by continued increases in above the line marketing investments.  The acquisitions of the Dukes and Bigs brands in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 and Angies and Sandwich Bros in fiscal year 2018 added 240 basis points to third quarter net sales growth. The impact of favorable FX also contributed 50 basis points of reported net sales growth.  Slide 36 outlines the adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating margin declines in the third quarter. Inflation in ingredients, packaging and transportation were the major drivers of gross margin decline. Inflation of 3.7% in the quarter drove approximately $50 million of gross profit decline, negatively impacting gross margin by 2.5 percentage points.  Transportation represented approximately 25% of total inflation for the quarter. Above the line marketing investments with retailers to drive enhanced distribution and consumer trial represented eight-tenths of a percentage point of the gross margin decline.  Favorable price mix and strong gross productivity mitigated some of the gross margin decline, but realized productivity was suppressed due to transitory costs in our Grocery and Snacks business, which I will discuss shortly.  Moving to adjusted operating margin, the 1.6 percentage point decline in gross margin drove operating margins down for the quarter. This was partially offset by SG&A and A&P favorability as we continued to manage SG&A tightly, and shift A&P investment to above the line marketing investment with retailers.  We expect A&P to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as we continue to evaluate the balance between below and above the line marketing opportunities.  Slide 37 highlights our results by reporting segment. In our Grocery and Snacks segment, reported net sales of $838 million were down 1.3%. Acquisitions added 500 basis points of growth in the quarter, organic net sales were down 6.3%. Consumption trends continued to improve in the quarter.  However, organic volume declined 4% as we shipped below consumption in the third quarter after shipping above consumption in the second quarter. Volume was also impacted by higher than expected retailer inventory reductions and deliberate actions to optimize distribution on certain low margin items.  Additionally, price mix declined approximately 2% as we increased above the line marketing investments with retailers. This investment is paying dividends as overall Grocery and Snacks consumption has improved driven by base velocity improvements as Sean discussed.  Adjusted operating profit of $178 million decreased 16% or $34 million with adjusted operating margins down approximately 370 basis points versus the prior year. The segments operating margin compression was driven by four discrete items including some network transitory in nature.  First, input costs and transportation inflation were the largest headwinds on operating profit and margins in the quarter representing $15 million of operating profit decline. Second, we increased above the line marketing investments with retailers to drive brand saliency, enhanced distribution and consumer trial of key brands.  Consumption improved in both the second and third quarter supported by these investments. Third, despite strong gross productivity cost savings in supply chain, realized productivity in the quarter was reduced by certain transitory operational offsets.  For example, we had unexpected plant maintenance and production downtime, higher than normal inventory write-downs on certain discontinued and slow moving items, and unfavorable overhead absorption given the volume declines in the quarter.  Lastly, while the recent growth-focused acquisitions aided the segments operating profit growth rate, they also reduced the operating margin percentage. This is because these businesses have maintained strong A&P investments as well as elevated SG&A levels as they integrate into the company.  In our Refrigerated and Frozen segment, reported net sales grew to $689 million, a 3.2% increase. Organic net sales grew 2.6% as the acquisition of Sandwich Bros added 60 basis points of growth. Volume increased 2% due to core business improvements and innovation launches in the Banquet, Healthy Choice, and Marie Callender's businesses.  Price mix increased 1% as mix improvements from recent innovation more than offset retailer investments to drive enhanced distribution and consumer trial. Adjusted operating profit of $127 million decreased 0.6% in the quarter. The benefits of net sales growth and realized productivity improvements were more than offset by increased input cost for proteins, packaging and higher transportation cost.  In our International segment, reported net sales were approximately $223 million for the quarter, up 8.9% versus the prior year. This reflects approximately 1% growth in volume and nearly 3% improvement in price mix as the International team continued to focus on value over volume. FX favorably impacted net sales in the third quarter by roughly 5%.  International adjusted operating profit was $30 million, up 67% or $12 million versus the prior year driven primarily by increased pricing and lower A&P spending. In our Foodservice segment, net sales were approximately $244 million for the quarter, down 6% versus the prior year. We also continued to implement our value over volume strategy in Foodservice. Volume decreased approximately 13% in the quarter as the Foodservice team exited non-core and low-performing businesses. Price mix increased 7% driven by favorable product and customer mix as well as pricing.  Foodservice adjusted operating profit was $24 million, down 13.4% versus the prior year with operating margins decreasing 85 basis points. Favorable price mix was more than offset by the impact of volume declines and increased material and transportation cost.  Adjusted corporate expenses were $38 million for the quarter, down 27.4% reflecting a decrease in certain IT projects and incentive costs, slightly offset by a reduction in income from two terminated transition service agreements.  Moving to slide 38, this chart outlines the drivers of the 27.1% adjusted diluted EPS improvement in the third quarter versus a year ago. Adjusted gross profit dollars decreased $27 million in the third quarter, driving $0.04 of the EPS decline. Lower SG&A and A&P expense added $0.02 of the EPS improvement with some of the A&P investment moving above the line as discussed.  Favorable interest expense and an increase in Ardent Mills joint venture income added $0.01 of EPS improvement. EPS was favorably impacted by $0.09 as the adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 19.7% versus 31.4% a year ago.  The lower tax rate in the third quarter reflects the favorable impact of tax reform. Our estimated full year adjusted tax rate is 29% to 30%. Share repurchases added $0.04 of EPS improvement as we continued our repurchase activity in line with our outlook.  Slide 39 summarizes selected balance sheet and cash flow information for the quarter. Net cash flow from operating activities was $808 million for the year-to-date period, up from $804 million for the same period a year ago. We had capital expenditures of $176 million through the year-to-date period, up from $159 million in the comparable year period.  We repurchased approximately 8 million shares of stock at a cost of approximately $280 million in the third quarter. Total year-to-date share repurchases were $860 million. We ended the third quarter with net debt of approximately $3.5 billion, up from $2.7 billion at fiscal year-end 2017. This increase supported our share repurchases and acquisitions.  As we have stated previously, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating for the business. As shown on Slide 40, we made a voluntary $300 million pension contribution on the first day of the fourth quarter. It was funded with a one year term loan at a rate of three month LIBOR plus 75 basis points.  Given the timing of this contribution, we deducted this payment on our fiscal 2017 tax return at the old rate reducing cash taxes by approximately $105 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018.  Please note that this does not impact our adjusted book tax rate that runs through the P&L. The rating agencies view underfunded pensions largely as debt. We share this view since the net obligation is recorded as a liability on our balance sheet. By funding this contribution with debt, the transaction is effectively debt neutral.  This contribution will reduce our variable PBGC premium paid by the Pension Plan Trust, which is calculated based on the plans underfunded status. Currently, the PBGC charges pension plans a variable expense of just over 3% on underfunded pension obligations.  Moving our pension plan towards fully funded status allows us to reduce future volatility as we can now better match our asset returns with the liability payments. We will give more color on the P&L impact of these actions when we share our fiscal 2019 guidance next quarter.  At that time, we will also provide additional information on the impact of the change in accounting that requires all pension costs and benefits other than service cost to be presented outside of operating profit. Slide 41 outlines our updated guidance for fiscal year 2018 and reflects a few changes since our CAGNY presentation. We expect organic net sales growth to remain near the high end of our range which was previously communicated at minus 2% to flat.  Reported net sales growth is expected to be 150 basis points higher than the organic net sales growth rate due to acquisitions and FX. This has been updated from our previously communicated range of 100 to 150 basis points higher. We expect adjusted operating margin to be near the low end of our range of 15.9% to 16.3%.  We continue to expect inflation to be 3.7% for the full year, but it is expected to moderate in the fourth quarter as we start lapping the input cost inflation we experienced in the fourth quarter a year ago. We continue to expect our full year fiscal 2018 adjusted tax rate to be in the 29% to 30% range reflecting the lower federal tax rate.  In addition to our pension investment that I just discussed, we continued to review investment opportunities associated with our estimated reduction in cash taxes in line with our balanced capital allocation approach and well provide more details when we provide fiscal 2019 guidance in our fourth quarter earnings release.  We expect adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2.03 to $2.05 up from the range of $1.95 to $2.02 provided at CAGNY. We remain on track to repurchase approximately $1.1 billion worth of shares in fiscal 2018 subject to market and other conditions including the absence of any synergistic acquisitions.  Regarding steel and aluminum tariff, we expect no impact to fiscal 2018 given our inventory position. We are still evaluating the estimated impact to fiscal 2019 and are working through our mitigation plans up and down the value chain. Our trade group and other advocacy partners are also working on options.  In summary, ConAgra Brands is making strong progress. We continue to see consumption trends momentum and have made great progress upgrading our volume base. We are investing in our businesses despite increased inflation in transitory costs. Weve made several modernizing acquisitions over the last year, and our balance sheet remains strong, giving us flexibility to pursue additional acquisitions to drive shareowner value.  We are reconfirming our full year organic net sales guidance near the high-end of the range and have raised our adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal year 2018.  Thank you. This concludes my remarks. Sean, Tom McGough and I will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Marberger. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Lazar : Good morning everybody. 
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew.
Dave Marberger: Good morning. 
Andrew Lazar : I guess my question is, given the broader industry trends weve seen on things like inventory destocking and the shift of dollars from SG&A to above the line as youve talked about, how confident are you that the expected retail consumption is acceleration in fiscal 4Q, I guess, can fully materialize into your reported sales, right, because you are looking for a pretty big step-up or for, I guess, for consumption to better match your reported sales in the fourth quarter.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, Sean here. I am very confident in that. The inventory destocking piece, there are two aspects to that. First of all, that we got to kind of separate. One is the hurricane which caused us to ship ahead of consumption in Q2 and reverse in Q3. The second was more of the unexpected decline in a handful of customer inventories near the end of the calendar year.  I have seen that pattern before in my career numerous times. It tends to happen near the end of major customers fiscal years. In previous experience, it tends to almost always be transitory. So, I have no reason to believe that we are not going to see shipments and consumption converge. And then when you couple that with the fact that weve got very strong innovations in the marketplace today, our baseline velocities continue to improve and our total points of distribution continue to improve and the fact that we dont have that much left to go in the balance of the fiscal year, we are very confident and really encouraged by the top-line expectations we have for the fourth quarter. 
Operator: The next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane : Hey, good morning everyone. 
Sean Connolly: Hi, Bryan, good morning.
Bryan Spillane : I guess, I had a  just maybe a more philosophical question. As you are kind of looking out beyond 2018, this year youve had good success investing to drive the top-line and youve been able to sort of protect your margins.  I guess, if you look at next year with tax reform maybe share repurchases, would you sort of look to continue to drive that spend to drive that top-line growth even if it might moderate operating profit growth given all the inflation and given that youve got some tailwinds below the line or would you think differently about that going into next year?
Dave Marberger: Okay, let me try to tackle that. Im not going to get into any guidance-related stuff for next year at this point. But I think where you are getting at is, do I anticipate some kind of a material step-up in absolute total marketing spend going forward. Look, here is how I think about that. When it comes to total marketing spend at our company, we have  and weve talked about this repeatedly, a very strong ROI mindset, in fact, over the last few years, our marketing analytics around trade and A&P have improved dramatically.  And that has enabled us on average to cut non-working dollars in both trade and A&P and redeploy them to better programs, be they above the line or below the line. Its also enabled us on average to avoid the dreaded A&P rebase while we execute our transformation plan. So going forward, I think we are going to continue to find pockets of inefficiency in existing spend.  And therefore, when the time comes to support incremental innovation in Snacks as an example, it wont necessarily require incremental spend. Obviously, that may not be true in every single quarter, because we may have more spend in periods where we are in launch mode as I describe it.  But Id like to think that overall, our spend is in the ballpark, I think in general, weve done a pretty good job of that if you look at a significant body of time there may be variance in the quarter, but I think our overall spend is in the ballpark over a sustained period of time. 
Operator: The next question will be from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead. 
David Driscoll : Great, thank you and good morning. 
Sean Connolly: Good morning. 
David Driscoll : My question is on the gross margins and retail pressures, so Sean, gross margins were down meaningfully in the quarter. There are certainly some management actions that are deliberate, but most of the pressure appears to be inflation-related. So, just two points here. First, how do you see gross margins going forward?  Are you satisfied with this performance given the environment you are in? And then, separately, I would really appreciate it if you could give us some of your color to describe the retail environment and the ability of the ConAgra portfolio to achieve price realization in an inflationary environment?
Sean Connolly: Sure. Real quick upfront, David. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, some of these transitory factors we are dealing with right now, we dont expect them to have an impact on our longer-term margin outlook. But obviously, kind of the topic of the moment right now in our industry is inflation, productivity, pricing. So, let me tell you how I think about those things, big picture.  Ill start with inflation. Obviously, inflation happens, it is a fact of life and we view it as our job to navigate it as effectively as we possibly can to protect our margins. Productivity and pricing are two critical levers and weve got strong capabilities around each of those levers.  That doesnt mean that there wont be short-term volatility, particularly when you are in a window where commodity inflation pivots from being benign to being acute as well as being in a window where youre simultaneously investing to drive consumer trial of a very strong innovation slate. On productivity, the way I think about it is our team continues to do an excellent job executing on their projects in delivering strong gross productivity.  As Dave pointed out though, there were some transitory offsets that suppressed what we call realized productivity in this quarter, but those wont be reoccurring. Then when it comes to pricing, as youve seen over the past few years, weve been quite focused on liberating our brands from ultralow, legacy price points where our brands were stuck for decades.  But principally, we think about pricing three ways. First, inflation-justified pricing, second, trade efficiency, and third, premium priced innovation which has been significant for our company as you saw in the CAGNY presentation. All three of these pricing tools have and all three will continue to play a role. And pricing isnt easy.  Frankly it never has been. I wouldnt have all these white hairs if it was, but, its tough and its often complex. But as I think most of you know, we are partnering very, very closely with our customers these days and our customers are quite happy with the innovation programs that they are getting from ConAgra Brands and they understand that the fuel for those innovations comes from our margins. Now obviously, not every brand and every category is created equal, which is why we think about revenue management and integrated margin management broadly. But overall, I am confident that we will continue to move the centerline of our profitability north over time and then, simultaneously reduce the standard deviation around that centerline over time. 
Operator: The next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale : Good morning. Thanks for the question. Sean, I wanted to ask you about the sales growth acceleration. Isnt that a leading indicator of the strength of your brand and the portfolio and longer-term, sort of the gross profit pool expansion, right.  So, in other words, the sales growth acceleration that we are seeing from you and a lot of other peers in the industry shouldnt that bode well for profit pool sort of growth over time and this cost increase is transitory. So, over time though, doesnt the sales growth actually tell us that you should feel better about passing on these transitory costs? Thanks. 
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously, Akshay, we believe in strong brands, because strong brands tend to equate with lower elasticities of demand, lower elasticities of demand tends to equate with greater ability to price for the desired impact. But I think its important to point out that brand strength is not a right, it has to be earned and there have been a lot of legacy brands in our industry that have weakened over time because they were neglected over time.  We have worked incredibly hard to infuse modern attributes into our brands, so that we can reacquaint consumers with our brand and re-earn their respect and re-earn the credibility of those brands and we are doing it in a way that translating to higher price realization and over time will translate to higher margins. And its been our value over volume strategy where we pull the lot of the weak stuff out of the base.  Weve backed off on promotions and weve strengthened the fundamentals. So now, going forward, as we talked at CAGNY, when you think about the runway, we see in Frozen and then you think about at applying this playbook to other parts of the portfolio, yes, we believe it should translate to ongoing strength or long-term outlook calls for that. And thats where we are going to stay focused on. 
Operator: The next question will be from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe : Hi, good morning. 
Sean Connolly: Hi. 
Chris Growe : Just had  hi, just had a question around the cost inflation and productivity savings by division and not to get so exact, but if you think about whats kind of your cost inflation versus productivity savings in Frozen versus Grocery and Snacks, are either one of those divisions better positioned around either one of those factors and maybe could require less pricing going forward, if youve got more offset  more kind of net productivity savings coming through? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, this is Dave. Let me  its a good question. There is a lot to this. So let me just start from the topic you look at gross margin, right, we are down 160 basis points, inflation was 250 basis points with a headwind and we also made the conscious decision to invest in above the line marketing with retailers which was 80 basis points.  So, clearly, they were headwinds due to gross margin. From a productivity perspective, the gross productivity which in the first half was about 3.1% of cost of goods sold came in at that same level for the third quarter. So, when you convert that to a gross margin impact, thats about 2% a little bit above. So, we are seeing that.  The other thing that hit us were and I talked about some operational offset, some were transitory, some were not. I talked about ones that were transitory in terms of inventory write-offs and dynamics around that and in some plant maintenance and production dynamics. So, that was about 50 basis points in terms of what was transitory in the quarter for total company.  When you kind of peel it out by segment, if you look at Frozen, the inflation for Refrigerated and Frozen and the inflation for Grocery and Snacks is about the same. Its actually a little bit higher. Right now in Refrigerated and Frozen just because of the amount of proteins and the inflation that weve seen there. But we will start wrapping on that in the fourth quarter.  So that wont be as big of an impact. Transportation and freight, obviously affects us across our entire portfolio. And then from a productivity perspective, we are pretty balanced there. Maybe a little bit more in our Refrigerated and Frozen versus our Grocery and Snacks. So, our productivity is probably a little bit lower in Grocery and Snacks.  That combined with the  these operational offsets that I talked about, thats what had the bigger impact on operating profit in Grocery and Snacks for this particular quarter. So, thats basically, in terms of inflation, we also have it in Foodservice, International as well. But there is the dynamic as you look at total and then you break it down by segment. 
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson : Thank you. So, in terms of this Grocery and Snacks division, on the price mix side, I know, obviously there  it seems like there, few more incremental investments that are now on marketing of other line, or within COGS relative to SG&A, but I am just trying to get a better sense of price mix in Q3 and what we saw, I know, I guess, you kind of point to this investments in brand saliency, et cetera.  But, like, was there some additional promotional spend to push some of the innovation to get the distribution or I am just trying to get a sense as to why price mix would have decelerated sequentially, and then also why it should accelerate going forward? Thanks. 
Dave Marberger: Let me take a shot at that, Rob. So, in terms of Grocery and Snacks, we talked about  we had a significant investment in above the line marketing with retailers. So I talked about 80 basis points for total company. More than half of that was in Grocery and Snacks. So, we are making those investments. There was some price mix benefit there, but that was more than offset by the additional investments we made with retailers.  And these are  this is just not price discounting these investments that we are making. These are investments to improve merchandizing. Sean talked about it in his piece. So, we have significant investments in Grocery and Snacks. We also have the above the line marketing investments in Refrigerated and Frozen.  But with our innovation now that that youve seen, we are starting to benefit from that component of pricing that Sean talked about which is based on innovation and margin-accretive innovation and the benefits that has on the price mix line.  So, thats why when you look at Refrigerated and Frozen, we are actually one percentage point favorable price mix because the benefits we are getting from the innovation are more than offsetting the investments we are making with retailers. So, making investments in both segments a little bit higher in Grocery and Snacks and we are not seeing as much of the innovation yet in Grocery and Snacks, but that will be more to come next year. Sean?
Sean Connolly: Rob, if I could just add one thing to that too. The other question is, whats the impact to these investments above the line and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the impact has been very positive. Keep in mind, Grocery and Snacks is a space where we havent done a fraction of the material innovation yet that weve done in Frozen.  So weve been making these investments to basically get a lot of our preexisting items back in front of consumers and get our consumers to retry them. And as you saw in the presentation today, our consumption has been quite strong and as importantly the non-promoted piece of that has actually been above what we expected.  So, its working and I think that that suggests that weve got a solid foundation here to build off of as we move more of our innovation emphasis into this other reporting segment .
Operator: The next question will come from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger : Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to get a better sense of how you are thinking about the freight cost outlook going forward and I guess, more specifically, does your inflation outlook take into account the potential for those costs to move higher again over the next quarter or two, which seems to be what we are hearing from some of the freight providers or do you see things as having reached more of a new normal? And then, follow-on, just proactively, what steps are you taking or can you take going forward in the supply chain to help mitigate that?
Dave Marberger: Matt, so, let me take a shot at that. So, yes, from the top, our inflation outlook of 3.7% for the year which hasnt changed with this quarter incorporates our estimate of inflation for freight and transportation. So thats in there. Thats in our fourth quarter estimate at this point in time. As you look at this more broadly, we have a really seasoned team here in our supply chain organization that manages transportation and freight and its an area that we look at every day.  At the highest level, this comes down the basic supply and demand, right. If there is more demand to carry loads and there are drivers to carry that. So this creates a challenge. It really relies on our relationships with our carriers and our contracts that we have with them. So, when demand spike, we have to go into the spot market like other companies.  And we are hiring spot markets than historical, but our overall spot market levels are lower than peers given our approach and the way that we manage this. When you look at our total freight and transportation and warehousing costs, they are roughly 10% of total cost of goods sold. But they are obviously increasing at a higher rate.  So, as I mentioned in my remarks, 25% of our total inflation came from transportation and freight. So, we are proactively evaluating and adjusting our approach to minimize cost increases going forward and we view the cost increase just like all other input cost increases, when we look at overall inflation that we must try to offset with any pricing. 
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman : Just to follow-up on that. Dave, Id like to understand a little bit better how, in your opinion, youve been in the food group for a while now. How most agreements with trucking vendors work in this industry? Because, weve heard lately from a different, one of your peers that they were surprised by higher transportation costs and it sounds like part of the issue was that, maybe certain agreements with vendors were locked in for rates.  But not miles, so that vendors were able to effectively opt that on these arrangements when rates rose. I guess, I am just trying to get your opinion on the group in general, is this a typical set up where vendors have this flexibility or is it somewhat unusual? Again, just trying to sort of better understand some of the risks for the group and I know youve seen a couple of different perspectives here.
Dave Marberger: Well, again, youre right. Ive been around a long time. But I am not a expert in freight transportation. But, Ill kind of tell you what I see. The dynamics are interesting around the freight, because you can have different philosophies. You can have fewer carriers and try to leverage scale with those carriers or you can have more carriers and maybe that will  you wont get the scale benefits, but then in situations like this, you have more flexibility, because you have more competition basically and more options, right.  So, you have to look at that. We tend to have a lot of carriers. So, thats kind of the way we manage it. We have a lot of strong relationships. So, there is a lot of dynamics like that that come into play, because supply and demand is challenged and when we need carriers can really vary, right, versus other companies.  So, I cant sit here and do it just this. I can tell you that this is obviously something that weve been focused on and weve been watching and we talk about all the time and Sean is involved with those conversations. So, we have a great group here. We do everything. We are looking at different options to try to manage it.  But, there is a lot of dynamics in here. Its not just one simple answer in it. You really have to kind of understand a little bit the philosophy that a company has around this area in managing the support for it. 
Operator: The next question will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow : Hi, thanks for the question. I am going to carry on with the theme, maybe a little differently on freight. Everybody sees it and your customer see it too and my understanding is that you are probably in a negotiating season with your freight providers. So, isnt it logical to assume that if you and everyone else are going to experience higher freight costs through those negotiations and that maybe a 12 month timeframe.  Couldnt you go to your customers and say, hey, this is widespread, everyone has a time for the consumer to pay for some of it. It seems like a logical argument and yet, I think you and others have been a little cautious about what kind of promises could be made in that regard. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Rob, its Sean. If freight were the only thing we were dealing with, I think its more logical that we would go have a direct conversation specifically about freight. But when you are dealing with inflation across a variety of different things, beyond freight, weve got protein inflation, we got other things that are experiencing inflation.  It really pivot the discussion more to, how do you holistically find different ways to pursue pricing in order to try to protect margins and it  as I mentioned earlier, it varies by brand and by category, but really, well try to bundle all of the things that are inflating in cost and let that total net delta inform the different strategies we might pursue to create offsets.  So, that is that what you talked about which is a freight-specific conversation looking for offsets weve contemplated that. Who knows, it may evolve going forward, but we are really looking at all of the inflation and looking at the three pricing levers as well as productivity as I mentioned before. 
Operator: The next question will be from Steven Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula : Hi, and good morning. Sean, a quick question on the inventory destocking. What percentage of the portfolio would you say has already been touched by inventory destocking across major retailers? And are we running at what we would call minimum threshold of the inventory? Basically, can we see any more excess weeks of supply taking out or are we just really running on a just in time system? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Steve, I think its closer to just in time. Youve heard other companies in the last month or so referenced this kind of unexpected inventory destocking at certain customers near the end of the calendar year. And during that window, at least from what we could see, it got extremely low, unusually low versus typically what we see.  And we dont like to see that, because it typically means there is out of stocks on the shelf for consumers. So, I tend to think that doesnt ultimately benefit anybody, but, weve seen that kind of move back to more normal levels. There arent absolute lean inventory levels in the industry right now and across categories.  Thats been the case for a number of years, but it got really lean for a bit there, which is what we saw in Q3, but I think thats largely behind us. Obviously, we are always trying to anticipate if thats going to happen, but you never kind of know until you are in the thicker things. But I think we are tracking more just in time, more ship to consumption. At least, thats the way we forecast it. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney for his closing remarks. 
Brian Kearney: Great. Thank you. As a reminder this conference has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our release. As always, Investor Relations is available for discussion. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-12-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director of IR Sean Connolly - President and CEO Dave Marberger - CFO Tom McGough - President of ConAgra Brands' Operating Segments
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ConAgra Brands Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, ConAgra's Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. While we are making those statements in good faith and we are confident about the company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, we refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. References to adjusted items including organic net sales refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. Please see the press release for additional information on our comparability items. As a reminder, starting in fiscal 2018, we introduced the metric of organic net sales, which excludes the impact of FX, divestitures, and acquisition until the anniversary date of the transaction. The reconciliations of those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either of the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our Web site at ConAgrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning everyone, happy holidays. Thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. We delivered strong results in Q2 and remain squarely on track with our transformation plan. Strategically our top priority this year is strengthening top line performance behind modernized brands and a strong innovation slate. Two quarters in, we like what we see, our top line return to organic growth in the second quarter, ahead of schedule. After a fast start to the year, we were in a position to add incremental support behind our brands in Q2 to enhance distribution, merchandizing, and consumer trial. Most of these investments were above the net sales line and consistent with our strategy to reacquaint our consumer base with our modernized brands. However, we again experienced elevated inflation, including increased costs as a result of the recent hurricanes. The net result in Q2 was that, despite pricing ahead of our categories, gross margins were pressured by the convergence of higher startup costs to support our brands and elevated inflation. Importantly, we remain confident in our long-term margin expansion opportunity and our ability to deliver on the 2020 outlook we provided at our investor day last year. We continue to be active with our M&A agenda to bolster our strong positions in the important Snacks and Frozen categories. During the quarter, we completed our $250 million acquisition of Angie's Artisan Treats, the maker of Angie's Boom Chicka Pop, the fastest growing national read-to-eat popcorn brand in the U.S., and as you saw earlier today, we announced an agreement to acquire Sandwich Bros., which I will elaborate on in a few minutes. We also continue to deliver on our target to repurchase $1.1 billion of shares during fiscal 2018. We repurchased approximately $280 million of common stock during the second quarter. The bottom line is we're encouraged about our year-to-date performance, and we're updating our 2018 guidance to reflect organic net sales and adjusted EPS to be near the high end of their respective guidance ranges. During the quarter, we marked our one-year anniversary as a branded pure play CPG company. And compared to where we were just three years ago the transformation has been quite remarkable. Between exiting private brands, successfully spinning off Lamb Weston as a thriving public company, and remaking our core business and culture into a more energized competitive unit, we have been and we will continue to be relentlessly focused on value creation. It's been heavy lifting unwinding decades of engrained behaviors, but we like where we are, and we're confident in our future. Most of you are familiar with the expected cadence of our transformation plan shown on slide seven. I'm happy to say that we remain squarely on track with these expectations. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 were indeed a heavy lift as we put in the work to thoughtfully and methodically upgrade our revenue base and reset the top line by cutting back on excessive deep discount promotions and rationalizing a long tail of low-performing skews. We also focused on improving efficiencies to build a strong foundation on the bottom line and expand margins. But as we've said all along, we can't cut our way to prosperity; we must grow the top line. And we will do it the right way, by investing in renovation and innovation to achieve sustainable growth over the long-term. As we entered fiscal 2018 we were working from a much stronger revenue base. We have a healthier, less promotional business in U.S. retail. And our focus is now on improving brand saliency, which means reacquainting consumers with our modernized brands, and making them top-of-mind again. Accordingly, we're making investments in innovation and renovation to enhance distribution, merchandizing, and consumer trial to drive top line growth. And top line growth is exactly what we've achieved. On slide eight, you can see organic net sales grew 2.3% in the quarter. Strong volume performance particularly in our U.S. retail businesses drove this result. Further, we estimate that even after adjusting for the positive impact of the recent hurricanes we delivered slight organic net sales growth in the second quarter. We estimate an approximately 220 basis point benefit related to hurricanes during the quarter. Our Food Service segment saw a one-time benefit from the hurricanes, and our Grocery and Snacks segment benefited from some customer warehouse and consumer pantry stocking. But the underlying strength of our core business is an encouraging affirmation of our plan and aggressive actions to jumpstart the top line. Make no mistake, we have much more to do, but we're making great progress in bending the sales trend and we're doing it the right way. The data on slide nine speaks to the quality of our growth. Our distribution performance shown here as TPDs, or total points of distribution is continuing to improve, we expect this trend to move upward in the back half supported by net gains as the pruning of low-performing skews abates and innovation continues to roll out. Importantly, we have continued to increase sales velocity as we upgraded the quality of our TPDs. When we modernize our product and discontinue to weak skews we recondition consumers to purchase updated products off the shelf at full margin and the velocities are getting better every time we look at the data. As our base sales velocities improve our dollar sales have followed, turning positive in the second quarter. As you can see on slide 10, these trends have allowed us to continue to price above our categories on average. We have also remained true to our value-over-volume strategy as the present sold on promotion has decreased every quarter for more than two years. While that trend is not sustainable in perpetuity, this clearly indicates that our strong volume performance was not driven by deep discounts or price rollbacks. We remain squarely focused on improving our base sales and reducing our reliance on inefficient trade promotion. Turning to slide 11, we remain on track to deliver against our 2020 margin goals. In the early innings of our transformation plan we got a fast start on margin improvement as we began to implement our value-over-volume strategy. But as we've always said, the path forward will not always be linear. Our margin improvement will not be a straight line particularly as we make the necessary investments to support innovation and drive trial and distribution across our brands. Margins may also move around quarter-to-quarter as we confront dynamics, like inflation, exiting lower margin businesses, and enhancing our portfolio with margin accretive acquisitions. As I said at our inaugural investor day, when you take on a transformation of this magnitude there will be quarterly volatility in gross margin from time to time. But regardless of short-term dynamics, we will move the centerline of our profitability north over time. As I noted earlier, there were a few near-term factors impacting our gross margin performance. Better than expected top line performance through Q2 is enabling us to invest more in our U.S. retail business and add incremental support to further enhance the distribution, merchandizing, and consumer trial of our brands, especially where we have new renovation and innovation. As I mentioned earlier, this is consistent with our strategy to increase brand saliency with consumers. This increased investment had a near-term impact on our overall price mix, which is reflected in our results this quarter. Some of this will show up as slotting, and some of this will show up as priced given the structure of our joint business planning partnerships with customers this is not surprising. Simply put, we are focused on strategic investments behind higher quality product presentation, and our investments will be brand and customer specific as we both reacquaint consumers with legacy brands and introduce new offerings to the market. We are strategically using trade as a catalyst for our modernized brands. This fuels new distribution, better shelf presentation, end-aisle display, and customer circular visibility to generate awareness of the new relevant benefits of our products. Dave will provide a bit more detail on the additional factors that impacted near-term gross margin performance shortly. But the bottom line is that none of these factors change our long-term margin outlook or our commitment to chip away at the margin opportunity over time. Now turning to our segment performance on slide 12, you can see the continued growth in our Refrigerated and Frozen segment, which was aided this quarter by innovation launched under the Marie Callender's, Healthy Choice, and Banquet trademarks. In addition, the Frontera brand introduced frozen mean innovation, and we also saw continued growth in the core Reddi-wip business. On slide 13, you can see scanner data that highlights the acceleration in this segment. Looking at the chart on the left, you can see the top line improvement in our frozen single-serve meal business through the end of Q2, which we believe is the best proxy for the traction of our plan. As you know, our recent brand renovation work focused on Frozen. And within Frozen, we put significant effort toward renovating Banquet, the largest single-serve frozen meal brand by volume in the U.S., after considerable effort to modernize the brand and recondition shoppers to purchase the products off shelf at full margin, Banquet returned to growth in the second quarter. We're pleased to have this brand back on track, and are encouraged by the positive consumer response. We're also mindful of our expectation for the brand and its role in our portfolio as a reliable contributor. We do not expect Banquet to be a rapid grower growing forward, but it is a large important brand. We're very pleased to have liberated it from a $1 retail price point, and to have improved both top and bottom line performance. Overall, you can begin to get a sense for why we feel good about our growth algorithm both this year and for the long-term. One of the most compelling reasons for our optimism continues to be the success of our innovation slate which is building distribution and performing well in its early days in the market. We started rebuilding our innovation slate with a focus on our Frozen business, and you can expect to see us apply the same level of rigor and discipline across our portfolio where we see opportunity. Turning to our Grocery and Snacks segment on slide 15, you can see that we're continuing to drive improvement. We estimate organic sales were roughly flat for the quarter after adjusting for the hurricanes. That's a significant improvement over Q1. Our Q2 Grocery and Snacks reported sales reflect approximately 200 basis points of positive impact related to the hurricanes, which drove customer warehouse and consumer pantry stocking behavior. While this was a benefit in Q2, we expect the shift to negatively impact Q3 sales in this segment. The improvement in the base business is encouraging, but it is still very early days. We have a lot of work to do ahead to renovate certain brands and provide the appropriate investment support, similar to the work we've done with our Frozen portfolio. So let me take a step back and provide some perspective on how we think about this segment. Clearly we see Snacks as an attractive growth opportunity. As a reminder, our snacks business includes strong brands such as Slim Jim, one of the leading players in mean snacks with increasing household penetration among millennials; Orville Redenbacher, the largest selling brand in microwave popcorn and the best selling brand of popcorn online; David Seeds, the leader in seeds with more than twice the share of the next largest competitor; Swiss Miss, which accounts for over half of the volume of hot cocoa sold in U.S. retail, it's also the preferred choice of millennials by more than four times over the nearest competitor; and Act II which is growth both domestically and internationally. We're also very pleased with the robust performance of recently added brands such as Duke's, Bigs, and Frontera. And we're quite excited about the opportunities presented by the acquisition of Angie's Boom Chicka Pop. So overall, snacks will be an extremely important area for us going forward, and we're just getting warmed up. We'll be sharing more about snacking renovation and innovation in the months to come. As we articulated at investor day, a simple way to think about our large grocery business is to break it into two groups; condiments and enhancers, and shelf stable meals and sides. We do that because generally speaking these groups will play different roles over time. With condiments and enhancers, such as Hunt's Tomatoes, Ro-Tel, Frontera Salsa, and Pam, we see on-trend brands that align with the needs of young millennial households which are starting to cook affordable by flavorful meals at home. Accordingly, they will be a focus area for continued investment. The role of shelf stable means and side dishes such as Chef Boyardee, Libby's, and La Choy is to be reliable contributors, providing steady cash flow to fund growth opportunities elsewhere in the portfolio. That doesn't mean, we will neglect these brands to the contrary, we absolutely need to keep them fresh so they continue to reliably contribute. Overall, we remain focused on our disciplined portfolio segmentation approach to apply the appropriate support for each brand. So while it's early days, we're happy with our growth momentum and we're excited about the future. Importantly, we're growing share and our categories are growing with our sharpened focus and enhanced capabilities we have reason to be excited about our future. And before I wrap up, a few thoughts on M&A, as you can see on Slide 19, we have been highly active leveraging M&A to reshape our portfolio for better long-term growth and margins, clearly the inbound businesses have been smaller modernizing acquisitions versus larger more synergistic deals. You should not interpret that as a string of pearl strategy in lieu of more transformational deals. As I've said many times, we are always on the lookout for both modernizing and synergistic acquisitions the former tend to be more plentiful than the latter but we're always in a position of readiness should the right property and the reasonable valuation emerge. Earlier today, we announced our planned acquisition of the Sandwich Bros. business simply put this is a frozen capability play, handhelds offer great convenience to consumers and this business provides some terrific capabilities. These are freshly prepared delicious sandwiches that are then flash frozen to be ready when you are, they play across breakfast, lunch and dinner. The business generated approximately $60 million in net sales over the past year and is growing rapidly. Once this deal is closed, we expect to see some exciting expansions of this on-trend format both under the Sandwich Bros. line and other ConAgra Brands. I'll wrap it up with Slide 21, in summary we're encouraged by our return to growth and the performance of our innovation. We'll continue to support growth through disciplined and strategic investments to drive distribution, merchandising and trial. Executional excellence remains a key focus in everything that we do particularly as we move through an inflationary environment. As we just discussed, we'll stay active in our pursuit of value enhancing M&A and will be relentless about doing what's necessary to deliver our long-term algorithm. Given our strong performance, we've updated our 2018 guidance to reflect organic net sales and adjusted EPS to be near the high end of their respective guidance ranges. With that, I'll hand it over to Dave to share more on the details of the quarter. Dave, over to you?
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone and happy holidays. As you can see on Slide 23, we continue to make strong progress improving our financial profile as we reshape our portfolio. Reported net sales for the second quarter were up 4.1% and organic net sales were up 2.3% reflecting significant sequential improvement in our net sales growth from previous quarters. As mentioned in our release, we estimate 220 basis points of sales improvement from the hurricanes across both our grocery and snacks and food service segments. Adjusted gross profit dollars were up $5 million or 0.7% for the quarter. Adjusted gross margin was 30.1% for the second quarter, down approximately 100 basis points from the prior year. I will discuss the drivers of gross profit in more detail shortly. A&P expense decreased 11.7% or $11 million in the second quarter. As Sean discussed, we look at total marketing investment which includes A&P spending along with trade spending and slotting that is charged to net sales, when taken together for the quarter total marketing investment increased as the decrease in A&P investment was more than offset by increased trade investments to expand distribution with slotting, to enhance presence and to generate consumer trial. We also increased merchandising for certain brands to better leverage improved ROI events identified in our trade productivity work. These marketing investments were important to our strong volume growth in the quarter. Adjusted SG&A increased 4.1% or $8 million in the second quarter versus a year ago in line with our second quarter net sales growth. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of net sales was 9.5% for the quarter, the same as the second quarter a year ago and remains top tier in the industry. SG&A as a percentage of net sales is expected to be lower in the second quarter than for the full year since the second quarter is typically our largest sales quarter. Adjusted operating profit was up $8 million or 2.2% for the quarter. Dollar profit increases from positive volume growth more than offset the negative impact of both inflation and the increase in total marketing investment. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.55 for the quarter which was up 12% and exceeded our expectations. I will discuss the drivers of this increase shortly. Slide 24 outlines the drivers of our second quarter net sales change versus a year ago, total company organic net sales were up 2.3% driven by volume in price mix improvement. As mentioned in our earnings release, about 220 basis points of the second quarter net sales growth was from increased shipments related to the hurricanes experienced in the quarter. Organic volume increased 1.7% driven by growth in the Grocery and Snacks and Refrigerated and Frozen reporting segments. Price mix increased primarily from favorable product and customer sales mix and food service along with positive pricing in the International segment. This was partially offset by increased investments to expand distribution, enhance shelf presence and generate consumer trial in our Grocery and Snacks and Refrigerated and Frozen segments. The acquisitions of the Frontera, Duke's and BIGS brands in fiscal 2017 and Angie's Boom Chicka Pop in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 added about 140 basis points to second quarter net sales growth. The impact of FX also contributed 40 basis points of reported net sales growth. Slide 25 highlights our net sales and adjusted operating profit and margin by reporting segment. All operating segments grew both reported and organic net sales in the second quarter versus a year ago and overall operating profit grew 2.2% to 16.7% of net sales. In our Grocery and Snack segment, reported net sales of $900 million were up 5.5%. The acquisitions of Frontera, Duke's, BIGS and Angie's Boom Chicka Pop added 330 basis points of growth in the quarter. Organic net sales grew 2.2%. The company estimate that the recent hurricanes benefited the grocery and snacks net sales growth rates by approximately 200 basis points driven by our estimates of consumer pantry stocking and customer inventory builds. We expect that this dynamic will have a negative impact in the third quarter. Volume increased 3.4% in the quarter driven by hurricane related demand and increased investment and higher quality merchandising events on certain brands. This investment resulted in a price mix decline of 1.2%. Adjusted operating profit of $212 million decreased 4.5% this decrease was driven by inflation on input costs and transportation costs associated with the recent hurricanes along with increased total marketing investments driven by the investment in higher quality merchandising events partially offset by lower A&P. These increased costs were partially offset by the favorable impacts of volume growth and supply chain realized productivity. In our refrigerated in Frozen segment reported net sales of $758 million grew 2.3% and organic net sales grew 2.2% as the acquisition of Frontera added 10 basis points of growth in the quarter. Volume increased 3.9% due to core business improvements and innovation launches under the Marie Callender's, Healthy Choice and Banquet trademarks. Continued growth in the quarter ready with business and the addition of Frontera frozen innovation also added to top line growth. Investments in trade to drive distribution and Hands off presence and increase consumer trial of new products led to a price mix decline of 1.7% versus a year ago. Adjusted operating profit of $128 million increased 6.9% in the quarter driven by volume growth and supply chain realized productivity. These improvements were partially offset by increased inflation on input costs and higher total marketing investments were lower A&P was more than offset by trade investments previously mentioned. In our International segment, reported net sales were approximately $220 million for the up 4.2% versus the prior year. This reflects a 2.1% decline in volume which was offset by a 2.3% improvement and price mix at the international team continues to focus on value over volume. FX favorably impacted net sales in the second quarter by 4%. Adjusted operating profit was $21 million up 19.9% versus the prior year driven by increased pricing, favorable brand margin mix and favorable FX. In our Food Service segment net sales were approximately $295 million for the quarter up 4.1% versus the prior year. We estimate that the recent hurricanes benefited the net sales growth rate by approximately 10 percentage points. We continue to implement our value over volume strategy and food service with volume decreasing 7.1% as the companies exceed non-core and low performing business. Price mix increased 11.2% driven by favorable product in customer mix as well as pricing. Adjusted operating profit was $47 million up 48.4% versus the prior year with operating margins expanding 481 basis points versus the prior year.  The operating profit performance was driven by the sales increase from pricing and customer and product mix. Adjusted corporate expenses were $46 million for the quarter up 27% reflecting an increase in certain self-insurance costs and a reduction in income from transition service agreements. Total adjusted SG&A of $206 million in the second quarter was up 4.1% versus a year ago in line with our reported net sales growth. Moving to slide 26, this chart outlines the drivers of the 12% adjusted diluted EPS improvement in the second quarter versus a year ago. Adjusted gross profit dollars increased $5 million in the second quarter driving $0.01 of EPS improvement. Gross profit was favorably impacted by volume increases in the Grocery and Snacks and Refrigerated and Frozen segments along with favorable price mix in the Food Service and International segments. Gross profit was negatively impacted by elevated inflation of approximately 4% in the quarter driven by increases in animal proteins, oils, dairy and packaging along with increases in transportation and warehousing costs as a result of the hurricanes. Gross profit was also impacted by the increase in total marketing investment to expand distribution and generate consumer trial. These cost increases were partially offset by favorability and supply chain realized productivity for the second quarter. Favorable interest expense and an increase in equity income from Ardent Mills added $0.03 of EPS improvement which share repurchases adding $0.04. EPS was negatively impacted by $0.02 as the effective tax rate in the second quarter was 34.4% versus 32.4% a year ago. The tax rate increase primarily from higher deductions for stock option exercises in the prior year and an increase to our reserve for uncertain tax positions related to state taxes. Slide 27 summarizes selected balance sheet and cash flow information for the quarter. Net cash flow from operating activities of continuing operations was $383 million for the year-to-date period down from $461 million for the same period a year ago. This decrease was primarily from the timing of tax payments versus the prior year. Dividends paid are down as the prior year second quarter dividend occurred prior to the Lamb Weston spin off and was paid at the prior ConAgra Foods rate. We repurchased approximately 8 million shares of stock at a cost of approximately $280 million in the second quarter. Total share repurchases for the first half of fiscal 2018 amount to $580 million. We ended the second quarter with net debt of approximately $3.4 billion as planned up from $2.7 billion fiscal year end 2017. This increase supported our share repurchases and the $250 million acquisition of Angie's Boom Chicka Pop which closed in the second quarter. As we have stated previously, we remain committed to an investment grade rating for the business. As outlined in our earnings release, we continue to cooperate fully with the FTC as it conducts its review of the Wesson transaction. Slide 28 outlines our updated guidance for fiscal 2018. We expect organic net sales growth to be near the high end of our range which was previously communicated at minus 2%-to-flat. Reported net sales is expected to be 100 to 150 basis points higher than the organic net sales growth rate due to acquisitions and FX. We expect adjusted operating margin to be near the low end of our range of 15.9% to 16.3%. We now expect inflation to be 3.7% for the full year, up from 3.3% full-year estimate we provided in the first quarter. This higher inflation along with the incremental marketing investments we started this quarter will impact our gross margins in the second half. We remain on track for our fiscal 2020 long-term targets communicated at investor day, including a gross margin of 32% in fiscal year 2020. While our updated effective tax rate guidance is between 33.5% and 34.5%, we are in the process of assessing the extent of the positive impact from the new federal tax legislation. We expected adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations to be near the high end of our range, which is $1.84 to $1.89. We remain on track to repurchase approximately $1.1 billion worth of shares in fiscal 2018 subject to market and other conditions, including the absence of any synergistic acquisition. Our fiscal 2018 outlook includes the full-year estimated financial results of the Wesson business since the sale is still pending. In summary, our transformation is squarely on track. ConAgra Brands continues to make excellent progress. We continue to bend the trend on organic sales, and have made great progress upgrading our volume base. Gross profits and operating profits grew year-over-year, while we weathered elevated inflation and funded incremental marketing investments to support growth. We've made several modernizing acquisitions over the last year, and our balance sheet remains strong and gives us flexibility to pursue synergistic acquisition opportunities to drive shareowner value. And we are confirming our full-year organic net sales and EPS guidance near the high end of the range. Thank you. This concludes my remarks. Sean, Tom McGough, and I will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody, and happy holidays.
Sean Connolly: Morning.
Andrew Lazar: Two questions, one would just be are you planning on, it sounds like it, but continuing with the incremental trade spend above the net sales line that we saw in the second quarter through the back half of the year. And if so, I guess what gives you the comfort that you're seeing the kind of return on that spend that you expect and such that it's not generating volume that maybe isn't sustainable? And then I've got a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yes, good morning, Andrew. Yes, this is Sean. We will continue to invest above the line and below the line behind the brands in the second half. When we got off to a strong start in the year it gave us the opportunity to do that as well as anticipating a tax reform. And the simple logic for that is with all the work we've done and put into building our innovation pipeline when we get our new innovations in the marketplace, particularly in stores at the point of purchase, it is critical that we build awareness around these new benefits and around the new modernized look of these products. Internally we've got a phrase here a phrase here that we use that use called "confidential innovation". And what we mean by that is when we do all the work building out our innovation pipeline the last thing we want is to get it into the marketplace and have nobody see it. If that would be the case we'd call that confidential innovation. So we're trying to avoid that obviously. We're trying to create consumer awareness and let our package design and the food itself, the look of the food, the varieties, the modern flavors drive consumer pull. And we're highly confident that because of the quality of the food we're putting into products this year, in particular in frozen meals, that we will get strong repeat. And the early data that we're seeing on that bodes well. So, as we look at the return on these startup investments over time we expect them to be quite strong, but strategically we view it as vital to getting the right kind of uptick particularly given we really took a last year or year-and-a-half off when it came to new innovation.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then as M&A continues to be an active part of ConAgra's, particularly in snacks, I guess I wondered if you could comment on your view on maybe some of the multiples that we've seen some snack assets trade at more recently, and how that sort of fits into your desire obviously to continue to be disciplined but also try and use the balance sheet in an accretive way.
Sean Connolly: Yes, obviously M&A is an important part of our playbook going forward. And we've all seen high multiples in M&A in food in general for the last few years. Snacks is the flavor this week. We had condiments last quarter; we had other things before that. So it's been a high multiple environment. And in that environment we try to strike the right balance between our desire to be aggressive with M&A to help reshape our portfolio for better growth and better margins, but also to be disciplined. So we understand that there are higher multiples out there, but we still hold ourselves to pretty high standards in terms of being able to get an IRR on our deals that is above our weighted average to capital. So that's one of the ways we look at getting proper return on our M&A investments and we'll continue to strike the right balance between being aggressive and being disciplined going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just two follow-ups to Andrew's questions, first I guess as we think about gross margins going forward and the continued investments. As the investment shifts more to grocery and retail, that becomes a bigger part of the innovation, is that less expensive to sort of renovate and launch new products that it is in frozen. So even as we think about that into next year would it potentially be less of a drag on gross margins and require less of a gross investment than is the case in frozen food?
Sean Connolly: Well, we have different brands across our portfolio. The consumer domains that we've talked about before, we've got meals which tends to lean toward frozen, we've got enhancers, and we've got snacks. You're going to continue to see us do probably bolder innovation on the meals and snacks consumer domains. And what you'll see more in the grocery part of the store and enhancers looks more like renovation. So may not be as much on new slotting there. Maybe things like updating the look of our products. Probably some skew varieties, but a bit of a different mix. I think the bigger point here is that we look at marketing in total, meaning above-the-line marketing spend and below-the-line marketing spend. And when we use the phrase marketing behind our brands we're referring to investments that engage the consumer with our brands. And that could be everything from traditional TV and print ads, to distribution investments, to merchandizing, to sampling, to digital marketing, even customer loyalty programs. So you've got a wide array of activities here -- marketing activities that span above net sales and below net sales cost buckets. And as we move our activity mix it may toggle spend above the line and below the line, and we'll try to be transparent with you all around what those activities are and why we're doing them. When we're on ramp-up mode on things that are quite materially different from how the brands looked in the past, think frozen so far this year with all the work we've done, we really focus our energy disproportionately on the in-store environment and centre store because that's where we get the biggest engagement with consumers around these meaningfully revitalized brands in that startup mode. And that's why we're doing what we're doing right now because we believe it's going to get us the best long-term top line performance and the best ultimate returns.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow-up on M&A, just one of the themes I guess that's come across throughout the last six to 12 months is it just seems like the cost of business is going up. And maybe that's a function of what's happening in the retail environment. So that being the case, do you think that that's going to motivate more synergy type deals to happen? Seems like a lot of the acquisitions, the M&A that we've seen across food and beverages have really been growth deals, and not as many synergy type deals. But if the cost of business is going higher and it's becoming more complex, do you think that scale becomes more important, and maybe that's going to start motivating more synergy type opportunities to come up?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think in the last few years growth has been on average more elusive for the industry. And when you see those cycles emerge where growth is more elusive you tend to hear more talk around consolidation and harvesting synergies. But as a potential participant in some of those deals we want to focus on our shareholders and the return we get for our shareholders. And obviously synergies are great. But when you give away all your synergies in a deal to the seller it's not particularly useful to our shareholders. So we're going to always keep our shareholders in mind as we think about portfolio changes that ultimately position us for long-term strength and value creation.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. In your opening comments you talked about inflation rising faster than you thought. Are you going to have to raise your prices faster as a result, and do you expect a lag? Is that part of the guidance or not, I didn't quite catch that? And then the second thing, and this is just a question about your average pricing at retail still being high but your trade promotion also being higher. Given all the disputes with -- the very public disputes with retailers, is there anything that you see in the industry where the vendors are giving the retailers more money but it's not making its way wall the way to the consumer? Like we all see promotion being lower than it was a year ago and prices being higher than a year ago. But then all of our vendors are experiencing gross margin. So is it possible that the retailer is just getting some of that money and keeping it for themselves in some form or fashion?
Sean Connolly: Rob, let me tell you how I think about that. Let me start with the second half of your question first around trade investments. I think it's a very simple mental model that a lot of investors have that when we talk trade we're talking putting that money right into deep discounting and deals. Increasingly that is not really anywhere near the full story. It's more about joint business planning with customers around everything from merchandising, which usually has some level of discount to it, in our case nowhere near the depths that we had historically. But it also has to do with points of distribution. It has to do with quality of shelf space and facings. Is it eyelevel or is it down in the well, the ability to sample products in store, the ability to target consumers on their apps that are customer-specific. So trade and customer investment is much more holistic than just deep discounting deals, and features, and things that you've heard about historically. And certainly in our case that is true. Keep in mind we've invested a fair amount in improving our trade efficiency capabilities. So we've now got post-event analytic tools, we've got trade planning management tools. We are able to look at thousands upon thousands of trade events, find the ones that are low ROI, get rid of those, and find the ones that are positive ROI and do more of those because we get more bang for our buck. Some of that is the structure of the merchandizing, some of it is timing. So we are spending above the line, but it is what I would describe as a significantly higher quality investment in terms of engaging consumers in our brands than what it used to be at ConAgra, which was really about taking very outdated and old fashioned products and just moving them based on deep, deep discounting. And as you saw in the slides, our promoted levels are down overall, and our pricing is up and above our categories. Now with respect to pricing, just a couple of thoughts on pricing, as I pointed out before, we've built an integrated margin management team and improved our pricing capabilities dramatically versus what we had just a few years ago. And over the past few years we've taken more price than most. And we think about pricing three ways. There's number one, inflation justified pricing; number two, trade efficiency, and I just talked a little bit about that; and three, premium-priced innovation which over time will be positive mix. So clearly pricing is complex when you pivot from deflation to inflation you want to price as fast as you can. Sometimes there's a lag. And sometimes if the inflation appears transitory on certain commodities and the forward curves drop back down retailers can be more reluctant to take price because they don't want constant shelf price volatility. And then the last factor is that not every brand and every category are created equal in terms of elasticities of demand. So all of this is why we are principally committed to pricing when justified, but also why we focus on the center line of our profitability over time and not on quarterly volatility because there tends to be a fair amount of noise.
Dave Marberger: Yes, and I just want to add to that as it relates to gross margin the broader question first-half and then as we look forward. As we mentioned, inflation will be higher in the second-half. We will continue the marketing investments that Sean just talked about, and pricing where we've already taken it we've already taken it on several brands. It's important to understand the impact of food service in the second quarter and the benefit we got from that, and that not repeating in the second-half. And so when you look at that and also the volume in grocery/snacks that's going to negatively impact the third quarter. When you add all that up it's going to result in the second-half gross margins being in line with the first-half gross margins generally speaking. And that really drives ultimately our operating margin guidance that we gave.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. And I imagine, like your peers, the answer will be it's too early to say. But I wanted to ask a little bit about your thoughts on the benefits of tax. Is there anything you should be aware of in terms of major offsets to you guys in particular from a lower corporate rate, and any early thoughts you have on how much of a benefit you'll let flow to the bottom line versus spending back on wages, CapEx, and pricing? Just any general thoughts would be very appreciated.
Dave Marberger: Sure, Ken. Let me start, and then Sean can jump in. So I'll start with the tax rate, right. So if you look the last two years we've been about a 33% effective tax rate. Obviously with the corporate rate now dropping to 21% we'll clearly benefit from that. But there are other component provisions of the new bill that we need to understand, so things like the domestic manufacturing deduction, we benefited from that. Well, that's now gone, right. So that will be an impact to the rate. So we're still going through that process to understand how our effective tax rate will change, but we know we will benefit from it. Another just tactical thing as it relates to this fiscal year, since we are a May filer and the bill is effective January 1, our fiscal year '18 effective tax rate will be a blended rate. So that's another component where we have to go through and figure out the seven-month to 35%, five-month to 21%, how does that affect it. So that will be -- we'll be more clear on that in the third quarter. As it relates to investment clearly the incremental profit cash that will be generated is part of our ongoing evaluation of all our capital allocation assessment, right. So, ConAgra is a growth story. So we're always looking at investments to increase shareowner value. So whether it's CapEx, and obviously there's benefits now of more immediate deduction related to CapEx, total marketing which we've started to accelerate that investment in the second quarter, as we've just talked about, technology investments, human resources, even things like the pension plan and things that we could do around that. So we're constantly looking at those things, and we're in the process of doing that. So as we move forward we'll be more transparent on decisions we make around that, but we're making those evaluations as we always do with our capital.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. My second question is, I know you don't want to give specific quarterly guidance on certain items, but Dave, you were a minute ago, I think to Rob Moskow's question, you're giving some reason for not necessarily caution, but reason why guidance isn't necessarily conservative in the back half of the year. I just wanted to ask more particularly on the third quarter just to avoid any investor surprises. As we think about the reversal of the hurricane impact and some of the other -- the food service item that you mentioned, is it possible that EPS in the third quarter could be down year-on-year as a result of the reversal of these certain trends or is that not something that you think is necessarily likely at this point?
Dave Marberger: Yes, we're not going to give specific quarterly guidance on anything, particularly EPS or whatever else. What I will say is that as you look at inflation we've obviously taken our estimate up for the year. There are dynamics in the third quarter with inflation and with the volume that we shipped in the second quarter for Grocery and Snacks. Another dynamic is that, if you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we started to see inflation hitting us. So we will start to wrap on it in the fourth quarter. So that's why as you look at the second-half we wont see quite as much inflation as based on our estimates now in the fourth quarter as opposed to the third quarter. So there are the dynamics, but I'm not going to give specific EPS for Q3 or Q4 just given all the different dynamics.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just had a question for you on as I'm thinking about the timeline for new product innovation, kind of how that phases through the year. And then just to understand, I think you said that marketing was up, but I know that you indicated that A&P was down, meaning the promotion was up. Was that the missing link to -- marketing, and can you just quantify how much that was up for the quarter?
Sean Connolly: Yes, on innovation, Chris, we will continue to have innovation coming out in the back half of the year and we'll have startup support behind that. Some of it with some customers shows up as slotting, some of it just goes into debt net. But it is a diverse means of supporting the brands from actual physical distribution, as I mentioned, to quality of shelving, to in-store support. All of those things are the things that we're doing disproportionately. So what you saw in Q2 was some reduction of A&P that was then moved above the line, and then additional expense above the line in support of the brands in an in-store environment.
Dave Marberger: And just to add to that, because I can say that if you look at the $11 million reduction in A&P in the second quarter the amount of increase in trade of the line that supported distribution, including slotting, and all the investments to get additional distribution more than offset that $11 million. We don't give specific numbers on total trade, but that is clearly the case for the A&P being more than offset by the investment in distribution.
Sean Connolly: And one thing to keep in mind as well going forward, we talked about this a little bit last quarter is, we're coming off of a base period where we didn't really have a lot of, what I'll call, brand support in the base, startup support, innovation support because we pushed the pause button last year while we rebuilt the funnel. So as we get these investments into our base this year we won't see the magnitude of year-on-year changes going forward because we're getting back to more normal going innovation launch cadence.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just a quick question if I could follow-up on the input cost inflation, that's gone up about a hundred basis points from the start of the year, and for obvious reasons around the hurricane in particular. How much of that is hedged now? Like do you still see further risk to that or you have a good read on at least the second half of '18 on input cost inflation.
Dave Marberger: Chris, it really varies by commodity area. So certain commodities we can lock in, certain ones we can't. So proteins we don't have as much ability to do that. Obviously we're halfway through the year so in certain commodities we're pretty locked in. So I would say animal proteins would be the biggest area of still potential exposure given any volatility in the market.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great, thanks a lot. I want to follow on the innovation questions. So can you update us on where the company is as regards the goal that you laid out at the analyst day, I believe it was 15% of net sales from innovation? Where are you right now? And then can you tell us what the significant second-half innovations are, I assume you've already announced it to the trade, but I don't think you really mentioned it in the script? And then I do have a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. David, what you're referring to is a slide that we put up. It wasn't technically part of our guidance, but it was kind of a true north for us on innovation that we'd like to march towards over time. It's something we called renewal rate which is the percentage of annual sales that come from prior three-year innovations. And our point was that our company historically had been in the high single digits. Companies that are doing well and best in class are closer to 15%. So our aim over time is to really close that gap. It's not as if we need to get to 15% on a straight line march from where we started. And by the way, it's also something -- it's not the kind of metric you're going to look at on a quarterly basis, you've got to settle it in. But clearly, as you can imagine, with the slate of innovation that we've got hitting the marketplace now by the time we get to this year, we will see a pretty material uptick in that renewal rate. Tom, you want to comment on what's coming in the back half?
Tom McGough: Sure, David. There's really two things; one, we have an opportunity, two, and we are accelerating some new items on Healthy Choice Power Bowls. We've had a tremendous introduction and success on that line, and many retailers are picking in the next phase of products in the second half. Banquet Mega has been a really, really strong performer, and that's another area that we'll continue to build distribution through the balance of the year. And then as we get to the latter parts of the second half, our next wave of innovation will ship likely at the end of Q4 in some retailers. All this is really based on the end-market momentum that we have, the high incrementality that our innovation is driving within the category and retailers are leveraging our brands for their growth, and as a result, we're accelerating our new products in those areas in the second half.
Sean Connolly: Just one other building on Tom's comments David one other thing that we're always thinking about which is we've got to wrap this year slate next year and it's not lost on us that we will be wrapping next year a big slate and as a result, you should assume that we've been very aggressive in making sure that our innovation slate for next year is going to be as impressive as this year. I continue to talk about frozen and how I think we have years and years of runway on frozen, undoubtedly we're going to continue to have a big slate there, you'll hear us talk more about some of these things that CAG is coming up after the holidays but then snacking is a big area for us and some of the most innovative things we've got going on as a company are some of the acquisitions we've made. Duke's is clearly one of the most innovative brands in the very hot meat snack space and now with Angie's Boom Chicka Pop as the national leader of branded ready to eat popcorn that's if that's a business we can do a lot with going forward. So you'll hear more about what comes next when we're at some invest meetings in the new calendar year.
David Driscoll: Okay, that's really helpful. I think the message right there is this innovation is going to continue at a strong pace, my follow up is just on the hurricanes, so I believe that the two major hurricanes one was at the end of August, one was at the beginning of September. So can you just maybe walk me through a little bit here of why the pantry loading would impact December and January, i.e. next quarter fiscal third quarter shouldn't we have seen any kind of negative impacts in like October and November? I'm thinking that this stuff should have been contained but I feel like your comments have been telling us about 2Q benefits from hurricanes that will negatively impact Q3. So I'm really just trying to get a sense of the size and really a little bit of the rationale behind it?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think in our retail business, David, the dynamics we saw in the hurricane were very similar to the things that I've experienced throughout my long career in the world of food, which is when you have shelf stable goods that are either in meals or in snacks, you're tended to see a fair amount of stocking both warehouse stocking with customers and pantry stocking in and around the hurricanes. And in my experience there're almost always higher levels of stocking than there is immediate term consumption. So what we experienced, what we experienced last quarter to me was textbook with what I've experienced throughout my career. There is one particular nuance that's worth mentioning, which is specific to Chef Boyardee, just to provide a little bit more color on this and that is that our quarter two Chef saw some pretty significant impact on Chef we had previously negotiated much higher impact merchandising events in quarter two this year than last year with those key events timed around back to school. So in other words, we planned more trade support in the quarter. As it turns out, those major events that we planned upfront just happened to coincide timing wise with the hurricanes and the effect this had was to move a ton of volume but at compressed gross margins. So while inflation on his brand was up a good bit, the hurricane fueled sales spike came while the brand was on deal for back to school, so while we got far more takeaway than we originally expected, we also got a bit more margin compression on that business than we expected and higher absolute trade expenses and to your point as we mentioned earlier because a fair amount of that is sitting in could we believe is sitting in consumer pantries we expect to get some of that back in Q3 as consumers work through that inventory and that dynamic there is not different from what I've experienced before.
Brian Kearney: One more question, I think we've got.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, guys. Thank you for squeezing me. I really appreciate it and congratulations really been in the trend here and top line it's encouraging to see. We've covered a lot of ground , so just kind of follow off on a couple of the questions already asked, first on Rob Moscow's question about less on the trade spend side a bit more on retailers taking some margin. We're clearly seeing it selectively in soup right now; can you give us a little more clarity on whether you're seeing in any of your categories?
Sean Connolly: Yes, we are seeing it, but let me go back to what I said before on this, because I think it's a really important point and I think it's a different experience with ConAgra than maybe what you all see elsewhere in the industry which is on a lot of our brands we saw a retailer margin compression for years and the reason that happens because our brands were locked into very low price points usually a dollar or a $0.99 or a $1.99. So in other words, over decades ConAgra saw compressed margins and our retailer saw compressed margins and as you can imagine and I mention as before when we talked to retailers about our aggressive innovation slate, one of the reasons why they were very supportive of it and our goal to modernize brands was actually the opposite of what a lot of times we hear about, which is a desire to take prices lower in our case it was a desire to take prices higher. And as we did that build back in better retailer margins so case in point there is Healthy Choice Power Bowls. We still have a small sliver of Healthy Choices that are these classic meals that are sold to older boomers that business has gotten smaller as we kind of sunset that piece of it but we are replacing it with higher margin. Higher dollar in businesses like Healthy Choice simply and now Healthy Choice Power Bowls, which are not only higher price points but better margin structure for our retailers. So we are participating and rebuilding retailer margins but in our case we're doing in the context of modernized brands with higher absolute price points and higher absolute food quality.
Jason English: Thank you. That's really helpful and then one quick follow-up to I think Goldman's question on retention of tax benefits you made a comment about ramping trade spend both in the wake of your success both in the -- ahead of your innovation space, but also you referenced anticipation tax reform. Should I interrupt to mean that we should expect a bit more trade, a bit more promo in the wake of tax reform and other portfolio? And because you do you dabble a bit of private label on I'm curious your perspective there. In a post tax reform environment we already in the bid process it's been pretty aggressive would you expect the benefits to bid away more rapidly in private label and is there any risk that causes price gap issues and this isn't just a ConAgra question it's an industry wide question any perspective you could share be appreciated?
Sean Connolly: On that latter piece, Jason, I'm not any more concerned this quarter than I've been previous quarters about private label as I've mentioned before. Private label on average under indexes in our categories it's about a 70 index versus food on average and in key strategic categories like frozen it's significantly lower than that so I'm not anticipating any change, it's not built into our planning posture in terms of private label interaction getting to be more of a headwind. With respect to investing behind our business in trade but I wouldn't over think this is a simple way to think about it is we were in launch mode in the front half of this year and we knew, we have we want to support our brand because we're trying to build future cash flows here by reestablishing consumer loyalty and household penetration on our brands and when we saw the early traction on the business when we saw we got up to a fast start of the year and fueled in part by a high degree of confidence, we're going to get a tax return. We made the strategic decision to put more money behind our businesses because we had confidence in our brands and in our innovation and by and large we got the response that we were looking for and that's bit of a higher level of support as we continue to launch stuff through the back half of the year and then next year we will wrap some of these levels investments will be baked into our core, so I wouldn't anticipate another step up as we move into the out years I think we're going to kind of get it in our base here as we proceed. But at the end of the day the fact that we've got traction on these brands and our investments are working in terms of driving consumer trial, and we have confidence in the products themselves to drive repeat. This is all part of a positive flywheel in our view.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: So, we weren't able to get to everyone in the Q&A queue, but Investor Relations is around for the rest of the day for any follow-up discussions. So, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded, and will be archived online as detailed in our release. Thank you for interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-09-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director of IR Sean Connolly - President & CEO Dave Marberger - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Bernstein Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs David Driscoll - Citi Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ConAgra Brands First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Brian Kearney: Good morning, everyone. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. While we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, we refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. The reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures for regulation G compliance can be found in either of the earnings press release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our website at ConAgrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. We delivered strong results in Q1 and are pleased with our start to the year. Before I get into the details of the quarter, let me take a step back and provide our perspective on the overall environment and how we are approaching the opportunities that lie ahead. Roughly 2.5 years ago, we saw the need to take bold actions to address internal challenges that we faced as a company, as well as the rapidly changing dynamics in the market. We set out an aggressive plan to strengthen our foundation and build the necessary capabilities to enable us to drive growth into the future. As weve discussed, we took a number of actions on this front, including reenergizing our culture and organization, reducing our cost base, and rebuilding our growth capabilities to reshape ConAgra Brands into a focused, higher margin, more contemporary and ultimately higher performing company. Our goal was not only to maximize shareholder value, but also to do a better job for our consumers and our customers by way of stronger brands. It's unmistakable that today, ConAgra is better positioned to drive value creation. Becoming a pure play branded CPG company has enabled us to zero in on the critical elements necessary to improve performance. We've shifted our focus to value and a strategy based on renewed brand relevancy. We've been aggressive around SKU optimization, weve become more disciplined around our A&P support and we continue to strengthen our innovation capabilities, as reflected by the new products that we are currently bringing to market. We have a deep commitment to operating with a leaner approach, and as you have seen, our margins are far stronger. By relentlessly following the portfolio management principles we shared at our Investor Day, we've positioned the company for long-term value creation. Now, that said, it is not lost on us that the sentiment surrounding our industry is laced with a high level of pessimism, but I can tell you that at ConAgra, we remain optimistic. As we were 2.5 years ago, we are clear eyed about the changes and challenges we see in the marketplace, but we also see this dynamic as offering opportunity. Our optimism is grounded in our analysis of consumer behavior, which we believe provides a roadmap for what we need to do to drive growth. In fact, much of our plan is built around our view that if we study the growth pockets in our industry and then adapt our iconic brands so that they incorporate modern food benefits and attributes, we will deliver value to our consumers, our customers, and to our shareholders. It's hard work; but the endgame is clear. In order to grow, we have to modernize, innovate, and renovate our portfolio, and that is exactly what we are doing. Turning now to Slide 7, you can see the cadence we laid out for how our transformation would unfold. We are now in the middle innings of our journey and remain squarely on track. The last couple of years were about resetting our topline as we upgraded the quality of our revenue base. Now in fiscal '18, our goal is to further improve our topline trends as our innovation pipeline and new marketing programs take hold in the marketplace. Meanwhile, margin expansion will continue to be a core pursuit at ConAgra. While weve made tremendous progress, our work is not done. We still have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we will continue to chip away at margin opportunities and strengthen our innovation programs in order to improve our growth prospects. We got off to a strong start in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was up nearly 18% from the prior year and exceeded our expectations. We continued to make progress on our margin expansion agenda, despite the higher-than-expected inflation. I'll provide a bit more color in a moment about how we are bending the trend from a sales perspective, but were pleased with our progress. Our sales trends continue to improve, and that improvement is accelerating. We have continued to make progress in modernizing our portfolio through strong innovation, which is performing well and through recent acquisitions. As evidence of our conviction regarding our long-term plan and value-creation potential, we repurchased approximately nine million shares of common stock for $300 million during the first quarter. The bottom line is that we're encouraged about our first quarter performance, and we are reiterating our 2018 guidance. We remain unwavering in our focus on driving the centerline of our profitability up over time and we are committed to continue taking the right actions to position ourselves for the future. Turning to Slide 9; in the first quarter, we again delivered strong margin performance. In addition to the gross margin improvement I touched on a moment ago, you can see we also drove 110 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement compared to Q1 of last year. It's important to keep in mind that because we had minimal new innovation a year ago, we had atypically low slotting investments in our base period. In first quarter of this year, we re-committed to innovation and the associated infusion of slotting back into the P&L served as a transitory headwind to our margin expansion. The way we think about it, our unaffected gross margin expansion this quarter is plus 61 basis points, which excludes incremental slotting related to new innovation. Going forward, the incremental slotting related to new innovation will become part of the base and not have the same magnitude of impact as we continue to roll out new products. Overall, our strong margin performance continues to be enabled by the success of our value over volume strategy and the supply chain productivity work. Turning to the top line and our progress and continuing to bend the trend in our sales performance. 2.5 years ago, we set out to improve the quality of our revenue base by cutting back on excessive promotion, rationalizing a long tail of low performing SKUs, and renovating our brands to include the attributes that todays consumers demand. Our actions are reflected in the charts on slide 10. On the left-hand side of the slide, you can see our distribution performance, shown here as TPDs or total points of distribution, is beginning to improve. We expect these trends to shift to net gains in the back half of the year, as the pruning of low performance SKUs abates and new innovation continues to roll out. Importantly, we have continued to increase sales velocity, as we upgraded the quality of our TPDs. When we modernize our products and discontinue weak SKUs, you can see that we are reconditioning our shoppers to purchase updated products off the shelf at full margin, and the velocities are getting better every time we look at the data. As distribution increases throughout the year, this will drive continued improvement in base dollar sales. As you can see in the chart on the right, this improvement is already materializing. Looking now at organic net sales, our disciplined approach to resetting the top line continues to show progress, with Q1 delivering a 250-basis point increase versus fiscal 2017. Importantly, our branded domestic retail segments, where we are farthest along with our action, are performing even better. This improvement is coming off a healthier, less promotional base business, with a greater percentage of volume coming from loyal households at higher margins. What you can't see from this chart, is that as we moved through the quarter, trends accelerated. Our scanner data, however, does reveal this acceleration. Take a look at the last five weeks here on slide 12. On the left, you see total ConAgra domestic retail sales were down 1%, which reflects steady improvement as compared to the last 13 weeks, and the last 52 weeks. And keep in mind, this is a period where our new products are just shipping into the marketplace. Looking at the chart on the right, you see the top line improvement is particularly dramatic in our frozen single serve meal business, which we believe is the best proxy for the traction of our plan. As you know, our brand renovation work last year focused on frozen, given its scale and therefore represents the bulk of our new innovation this year. Early days but very promising. Overall, you can begin to get a sense for why we feel good about our growth algorithm, both this year and long term. One of the most compelling reasons for our optimism is the strong sell-in and early success of our new innovation slate. You see a sample of these exciting new innovations on this page, most of which are shipping in the first half of the year. The products are the result of our actions to refresh our iconic brands and are over-indexing to new, young, higher income consumers with bold, on-trend flavors. While we started rebuilding our innovation slate with our primary focus on our frozen business, you can expect to see us apply the same level of rigor and discipline across our portfolio as we go forward. In addition to modernizing our existing brands, we have added new on-trend brands to our portfolio. This includes Frontera, where we recently applied our expertise in frozen to extend the brand into single serve meals and Wicked Kitchen, which is a millennial focused brand weve built with wickedly bold flavors and highly innovative packaging. In our snacks business, the integration of tenacity foods is on track and Duke's and BIGS were strong contributors to the grocery and snack segment during the quarter. The encouraging performance of these brands illustrates the value of contemporizing our portfolio through both acquisitions and in-house development to extend into faster-growing, more premium segments. Now, I can imagine that with all of this new activity, some of you were probably thinking that was going to mean a significantly higher marketing expense in the quarter. Actually, that was not the case. As you can see from this chart, when you net slotting and A&P, our marketing spend in Q1 was roughly flat compared to year ago. Frankly, funding our new innovation slotting costs with reductions in A&P made sense. First, we have to build distribution and awareness, then we drive trial. Therefore, in Q1, we shifted our mix to more slotting, and we expect that mix to shift back to A&P and as our new products achieve full distribution, we expect total A&P spend to increase year over year. In the first quarter, this mix shift towards slotting meant accepting a gross margin and net sales headwind, which, of course, was a non-issue for operating profit and margin. As you probably saw, just last week, we announced the agreement to acquire Angie's Boom Chicka Pop, a leader in the fast growing better for you snacking segment, which complements our existing snack business. The $250 million transaction builds on our efforts to refresh our portfolio and accelerate growth through modernizing acquisitions. It also provides an important beachhead in the growing ready to eat popcorn category. The Angie's team has built a tremendous business, which is on track to generate approximately $100 million in net sales by the end of calendar year 2017, which is when we expect to close the transaction. The positive energy that the brand conveys, along with the bold flavors and whole grain goodness of the product are squarely on-trend with todays consumer tastes. Given these characteristics, we think the brand is highly extendible. As we look ahead, we will continue our two-pronged M&A strategy, focused on both smaller modernizing and larger synergistic transactions. As you have seen, we are committed to undertaking transactions that can be accretive to our margins, sales, and provide a good return. As we look at other M&A opportunities, including larger deals, that commitment won't change. Right now, we have the organizational interest, we have the capacity, and we have the balance sheet. We are always prospecting for something that fits, is actionable, and is reasonably valued. And as you know, we will also continue to look at opportunities to exit non-strategic brands in an efficient manner using our tax asset. I will wrap up with slide 18. In summary, we had a strong start to fiscal 2018, and are confident in our ability to build this momentum going forward. Looking ahead, executional excellence remains a key focus in everything that we do, as we are counting on our innovation to continue to perform as we move throughout the year. As we just discussed, we'll stay active in our pursuit of value enhancing M&A and we will be relentless about doing what is necessary to deliver our long-term algorithm. With that, I will hand it over to Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I want to review our basis of presentation. Lamb Weston and the related joint ventures were reclassified as discontinued operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. The commercial reporting segment only includes the historical results for the Spicetec and JM Swank businesses, which we divested in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. References to adjusted items, including organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. These items are reconciled to the closest GAAP measures and tables included in the earnings release and presentation deck. Please see the press release for additional information on our comparability items. Moving on to our results, you can see on Slide 20, that we continue to make strong progress improving our financial profile as we reshape our portfolio. Reported net sales for the first quarter were down 4.8%, and organic net sales were down 3%, reflecting sequential improvement against our fiscal 2017 organic net sales growth rate of minus 5.5%. As a reminder, starting in fiscal 2018, organic net sales excludes the impact of FX, divestitures, and acquisitions until the anniversary date of the transaction. Adjusted gross profit dollars were down 4% for the quarter. The decline was driven by lower volume, higher than anticipated inflation, the Spicetec and Swank divestitures, and increased slotting investment to support Q1 innovation. These were partially offset by improvements in price mix and supply chain realized productivity. Adjusted gross margin was 29.2% in the quarter, an increase of 26 basis points year-over-year. Improvements in price mix, realized productivity, and margin accretion from the divestitures offset the impacts of slotting, inflation, and FX. Inflation came in at 4.4% of total cost of goods sold for the quarter, driven mostly by increases in proteins, peanuts, and packaging. As you saw in the fiscal 2018 full year outlook section of our earnings release, we have updated our inflation estimate to 3.3% from 2.7%. We expect second quarter inflation to be in line with the first quarter, before it moderates in the second half to get to 3.3% for the full year. Adjusted SG&A decreased 9.6% or $19 million in the first quarter versus a year ago, driven primarily by the timing of IT projects and lower incentive compensation expense. SG&A as a percentage of net sales was 9.7%, which remains top tier in the industry. A&P expense decreased 15.2% or $10 million in the first quarter as spending moved to later quarters to support the new product innovation after distribution. The first quarter 2018 had incremental slotting investment to support distribution. Total A&P and slotting investment taken together were approximately flat for the first quarter 2018 versus the prior year. Adjusted operating profit was up 2.2% for the quarter, fueled by the drivers I just referenced. Adjusted operating margin continued its strong improvement, expanding 110 basis points to 16.5%, compared to the prior year. The first quarter had a higher adjusted operating margin than our full year fiscal 2018 outlook due to the timing of adjusted SG&A and A&P. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.46 for the quarter, which was up 18% and exceeded our expectations. I will discuss the drivers of this strong increase shortly. Slide 21 outlines the drivers of our first quarter net sales change versus a year ago. Organic net sales were down 3%, driven by volume declines in grocery and snacks, international, and food service. Partially offset by volume increases in refrigerated and frozen from new products. Price mix increased 2.3%, driven by trade efficiencies, pricing actions, and mixed benefits across all segments. As we mentioned in our fourth quarter fiscal 2017, we are implementing our value over volume strategy more aggressively in international and food service this year. The acquisition of the Frontera, Duke's, and BIGS brands in 2017 added about 170 basis points to the first quarter net sales growth rate, but notably the divestitures of Spicetec and Swank reduced growth approximately 370 basis points for quarter. As Sean just discussed, our planned strategic approach to bending the organic sales trend is on track. Slide 22 highlights our net sales and adjusted operating profit by reporting segment. Consistent with our value over volume strategy, every segment delivered adjusted operating margin improvement during the quarter. In our grocery and snacks segment, reported net sales were down 1.5%. The acquisitions of Frontera, Duke's, and BIGS added 3.6 percentage points to the reported net sales growth rate. Total organic net sales were down 5.1%, driven by a volume decline of 5.9%, partially offset by an 80-basis point increase in price mix. Grocery and snacks continued the planned actions to improve trade productivity and discontinue low performing SKUs. This was particularly evident in the first month of this quarter, where we opted not to repeat deep discount merchandising events on a handful of center store brands. Accordingly, the net sales decline in the segment abated materially as the quarter progressed, continuing into the second quarter. Adjusted operating profit was $183 million for the quarter, down 1.2%, but adjusted operating margins increased 7 basis points to 24.6%. In our refrigerated and frozen segment, reported net sales grew 1.8% and organic net sales grew 1.3% as the acquisition of Frontera added 50 basis points of growth in the quarter. Organic volume increased 1.4%, driven by new products with price mix flat as price and trade productivity increases were offset by 90 basis points of incremental slotting investment to support the new product launches. Brands that drove growth in the first quarter include iconic brands, Marie Calendar's and Healthy Choice and the new Frontera frozen business. Adjusted operating profit in refrigerated and frozen was $102 million for the quarter, up 4.9% due to increased sales, supply chain realized productivity gain, and A&P timing, partially offset by inflation and incremental slotting expense. Refrigerated and frozen adjusted operating margin was 16.6%, up 49 basis points versus Q1 a year ago. In our international segment, reported net sales were approximately $191 million for the quarter, down 2% versus the prior year. This reflects a 7.7% decline in volume, partially offset by a 4.1% improvement in price mix, as the international team continues to focus on value over volume. FX favorably impacted net sales in the first quarter by 1.6%. Adjusted operating profit was $19 million, up 29.1%, versus the prior year, and adjusted operating margin was 9.9%, up 238 basis points. The operating profit improvement was driven by favorable trade efficiency, pricing, and mix, partially offset by the negative impact of lower volume. In our food service segment, net sales were approximately $252 million for the quarter, down 6.1%. Volume was down 17.6%, but price mix was up 11.5%, as we applied our value over volume principles and exited the low performing and non-core businesses. Adjusted operating profit was $23 million, a decrease of 1.4% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 9.2% for the quarter, an increase of 44 basis points. Favorable price mix and SG&A savings partially offset the negative impacts of the volume declines. Adjusted corporate expenses were $29 million for the quarter, down 15%, reflecting the benefits of our SG&A reductions previously discussed. Moving to Slide 23, this chart outlines the drivers of the 18% adjusted diluted EPS improvement in the first quarter versus a year ago. As we expected, volume declines negatively impacted EPS as we continue our value over volume strategy. This was partially offset by the adjusted gross margin improvements. The tailwinds for gross margin in the quarter were trade efficiency, pricing and mix, and realized productivity. The headwinds for gross margin were inflation of 4.4%, slotting, and unfavorable FX. EPS also improved from lower SG&A and A&P expense, and increased equity earnings from our Ardent Mills joint venture due to favorable market conditions and continued improvements in operating efficiencies. For the remainder of fiscal 2017, we are not forecasting this level of year on year improvement for Ardent. Interest expense drove $0.03 of EPS improve due to our lower debt, and EPS improved $0.02 from our share repurchases. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 33.9%, which reduced EPS $0.02 in the quarter, due to a lower tax rate in the prior year, driven by stock compensation deductions. The impact of acquisitions and divestitures reduced EPS $0.01 for the quarter. Slide 24 summarizes selected balance sheet and cash flow information for the quarter. Net cash flow from operating activities of continuing operations was $142 million for the quarter, down from 208 million for the same period a year ago, due mostly to an increase in inventory from our acquisitions and the launch of new products, along with the timing of tax payments. We repurchased approximately 9 million shares of stock, at a cost of approximately $300 million in the first quarter. We ended Q1 with net debt of $3 billion as planned, up from $2.7 billion as of the end of fiscal 2017. We remain committed to an investment grade credit rating for the business. In late May, we announced the sale of our Wesson Oil business. As disclosed in this morning's release, we received a second request from the FTC in connection with their review of the transaction. We intend to cooperate fully with the FTC as it conducts its review. Also disclosed in today's release, we have recently entered into an agreement to acquire Angie's Boom Chicka Pop for $250 million, net of cash acquired and a working capital adjustment. We expect to close the acquisition of this business, which is on track to generate about $100 million in annual sales, by the end of calendar year 2017. On slide 25, we reiterate our fiscal 2018 financial outlook. We expect reported and organic net sales growth to be down 2% to flat. As mentioned earlier, organic net sales excludes the impact of FX, divestitures and acquisitions until the anniversary date of the transaction. We expect adjusted operating margin in the range of 15.9% to 16.3%. On the Q4 fiscal 2017 earnings call, we communicated that we expected 2.7% inflation rate for fiscal 2018. We now expect the full year inflation rate to be 3.3%, and we expect the impact to be weighted towards first half of the fiscal year. Also, we continue to expect cost savings from realized productivity to be weighted towards the second half of fiscal 2018 due to the timing of projects. We expect the effective tax rate to be 32.5% to 33.5%, and expect adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of $1.84 to $1.89. We expect to repurchase approximately $1.1 billion of shares in fiscal 2018, subject to market and other conditions, including the absence of any synergistic acquisitions. Our fiscal 2018 outlook includes the full year estimated financial results of the Wesson business, since the sale was still pending, but does not include the P&L impact of the pending Boom Chicka Pop acquisition. In summary, ConAgra Brands continues to make excellent progress. We continue to bend the trend on organic sales. We have made great progress upgrading our volume base. Gross margins and operating margins continue to grow despite increased inflationary pressures. Our balance sheet is strong and gives us the flexibility to pursue acquisition opportunities to drive shareowner value. Overall, we are on track and confirm our full year fiscal 2018 guidance. Thank you. This concludes my formal remarks. Sean, Tom McGough, and I will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. To provide equal opportunity to all parties, we ask that you limit your questions to one and a single follow-up. [Operator instructions] And our first question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Sean Connolly: Hey Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. First question would be in the refrigerated frozen space, obviously you noted positive year-over-year volume. And I'm just trying to get a sense of how you feel -- what you are thinking about the sustainability of that? And I guess the question is, do we -- should we expect that we trade volume down a little bit and pricing up a bit as trade spend ramps down as we go forward? Or would you anticipate that sort of positive volume track to continue to go through the fiscal year?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Andrew. Let me start that and, Tom, if I miss anything, you can round it out here. I think we're just getting started on frozen. You're seeing positive results from us overall, but I think that one slide I put up was pretty important, which shows we moved into positive territory, really on the back of improved velocities. We still have not yet turned the corner into positive territory in terms of total points of distribution. So, as I look forward and I think about maintaining positive velocities, but also linking that up with a move out of declining total points of distribution into positive net gains of total points of distribution, our results should get stronger. So, we're off to a bit of a better start than we expected. Frankly, we are just getting warmed up. If you [indiscernible] out of the quarter and you think about the frozen section in general, as I've been saying for several years now, the entire space is ready for massive innovation and overhaul and so I think what you're seeing is the early days of the opportunity that I see in this frozen space and we feel like we're leading the way.
Andrew Lazar: All right. Thanks for that. And then that kind of leads into the next question, which is the overall, I guess renaissance we're seeing in some of the growth that's being put up in the frozen space overall. It's true that you and the other players are obviously innovating in a bigger way. I'm trying to get a sense, do you think thats -- I don't want to say that that was easy, but, was all it took was the major players to sort of get on board with improving the quality of the food and all of that? And it really ultimately never had anything to do with the frozen states or the temperature state, if you will, and it was just about giving, making this more relevant or is part of this -- what was recession-related for a period of time, where individual frozen meals were out of favor for families looking to -- on a budget? I'm trying to again a sense of what is leading to this renaissance a bit and again, with an eye towards the sustainability of it.
Sean Connolly: Andrew, let me -- I think this is a really important point, because our view here is that a lot of what you saw in frozen was self-inflicted. I can take that even to broader food and big food to be specific. There's been, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a lot of pessimism out there. And I think our attitude is, look, these are dynamic times, no doubt. But, it seems to me that the notion that the sky is falling is a bit too much, isn't it? I mean, we view it as our job to navigate change in a way that sustains our competitiveness, continues to mine new opportunities and create value and we feel like we are doing that. The good news is we are two and a half years into this. So, were not just getting started. And the place we are farthest along is frozen. Now we have got to turn our attention and do similar things in other areas where we see growth opportunities within our portfolio, as an example, snacking where you see we have been active, particularly in M&A in the last year.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks very much. Two from me, if I can. And I apologize if I missed this first one, but there's a lot going on this morning. Is there anything unusual in terms of comparisons with last year, investments, et cetera, that we should be aware of in the second quarter in particular? I know you have given guidance on the first half and the timing and the cadence and all that. I just want to make sure were not missing anything as we model this out a little bit. Because I know that some people were maybe overlooking the last quarter of the slotting fees a little bit.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Ken, let me take that first and then, Sean, you can build on it. If you look at this quarter, Ken, and you look at our gross margin, there were a lot of moving pieces to this, right? So, if you look at our overall gross margin improvement, about 30 basis points, you had slotting, which was negative impact of about 35 basis points. You had FX, which actually negatively impacted gross margin about 20 basis points and then you had the favorable impact of divesting Spicetec and Swank, which was about 50 basis points positive. So, if you look at those three things, they kind of net out, right? And we have now finally wrapped on the divestiture. So, to your question, Q2, that will no longer be there. So now you are just down to in Q1, the price mix benefit on gross margin was about 130 basis points positive, but the net inflation costs was about 110 basis points of a headwind getting to our 26-basis points improvement. So, I look at that has since our inflation, we expect to be similar in Q2, that sort of relationship should move to Q2. We still will have some incremental slotting in the second quarter, because some of our products are in Q2 as well, with our banquet products. So, there will be some incremental slotting in the second quarter as well. So, that's why we talked about the first half, there being most of the incremental slotting. So, hopefully that was able to paint a picture, but that's how I see the second quarter kind of flowing out.
Ken Goldman: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then, Sean, coming out of Andrew Lazar's recent conference, I still refuse to call it anything other than back to school, Andrew, but, some people came away from their conversations with you feeling like maybe you were signaling a little bit that you are willing to take on a deal that's not necessarily accretive year one, or maybe it'll take some time to build accretion. Maybe preparing people for a bigger deal that might cost a little more than what they thought. Is that a fair takeaway? Were people coming out of that with the right attitude? Or maybe I wasn't there, obviously. Were people misreading some of the signals you were sending?
Sean Connolly: Well, what I can tell you, Ken is I don't think I said those things but it's -- there are obviously always different interpretations of what I say. So, let me try to clarify how I think about larger M&A. We think about it, number one, in terms of does it fit strategically? Does it help us become a company that delivers stronger returns for the long haul? And, obviously, we have to really sharpen our pencils in terms of what kind of synergies we can get, so we can understand the cadence of the returns that we can get. And then, ultimately, once weve done those things, it comes down to is the deal reasonably valued? And is the deal actionable? And when those things fall into place, we are prepared to move. And as you can see from our balance sheet, we have got the fire power to do something of some scale. That doesn't foreshadow specific-- any specific actions because obviously we don't have anything to report. But, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are always on the lookout for those key success criteria of ours aligning. And if we have something to report, you guys will be the first to find out.
Operator: And the next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi Alexia. Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, can I ask about the drivers of the margin expansion from here? It looks as though there was a bit of slowdown on the gross margin side, which I understand was largely to do with slotting, but it is a slowdown from what we saw in fiscal '17. Clearly the SG&A is still experiencing quite a bit of cost cutting in there as well. Can you just give us more of a qualitative description as things play out during fiscal 2018, how you expect the drivers of those margin trends to shape things? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Sure. Let me talk about gross margins holistically for our company, because I think it's an important part of our story. We were very clear a couple of years ago that we lagged the industry materially in gross margin, where the industry was roughly at 36. We set a 2020 goal of getting our company to 32. We are squarely on track to achieve that goal. We reiterated that guidance today. We have made tremendous progress in the last few years, putting 500 basis points or so of gross margin on there. Back at our Investor Day, we articulated that the year-on-year progress would slow down, and for obvious reasons, but I think going forward, we have no doubt we can continue to chip away at our gross margin performance. And when you think about the drivers of gross margin, to your question, as I have outlined previously, we actually pursue quite an array of drivers, everything from pricing, improved pricing capabilities, trade efficiency, productivity in our supply chain, channel mix, brand mix, all of these things, margin accretive innovation, all of these things are central pieces of our gross margin expansion agenda. So, these are all things we are working. The only other thing I will make the point of, again, is that there will be some volatility in gross margin expansion quarter to quarter, based on any number of factors. It could be that we have got more slotting in a particular quarter and less slotting in another quarter. It could be that we are in the early days of a shift from a deflationary environment into an inflationary environment. So, we experience inflation in cogs and havent yet gotten pricing into the marketplace. These are transitory dynamics. I don't get too caught up in those and it's why I talk about us being focused on moving the center line of our profitability north over time and trying to reduce that standard deviation around the center line by each year as we get better in terms of operating the company.
Alexia Howard: Great. And on the grocery and snacks business, the volume declines seemed to pick up again this quarter. They were a little better last time. It looks as though you are pulling back on ineffective promotional activity, which makes sense, but how do you walk the tightrope between the volume declines, the promotional activity, and profitability? Are you going to just keep current course and speed for the time being?
Sean Connolly: Yeah, let me talk about that. Dave made some important color commentary remarks in his comments earlier about this, which is that a lot of what you saw leading to that total grocery and snacks decline in the first quarter was really isolated to the first period. And we did literally have a handful of brands in the first period where a year ago we had very aggressive deep discounting that had been long negotiated in advance with customers. So, you may recall last year I mentioned that with some of these customer deals, you lock in up to 18 months out. So we had some of those remnant deals in there, in particular in period one, on a number of our grocery businesses we had those. So, keep in mind, big picture, we are farther along in grocery and refrigerated. We are working aggressively now in other parts of the portfolio. Grocery is one of those. So, it makes sense for us to get these deep discount deals out of the -- out of the cadence of how we run the railroad here. It creates the wrong consumer impression about our brands. So, you can see, in frozen, as weve done that, we are starting to recondition the shopper to think about our brands fundamentally differently, enhanced by more modern, more premium innovation. You may not see the same level of intensity in our grocery and snack business overall. You will see us pick our spots. But you will see us back away from some of these legacy practices still. And we did that in period one and we saw material improvements in trends after we got through period one, moving into Q2.
Operator: And the next question will be from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the questions. I just wanted to come back to the uptick in inflation guidance. For the full year, it's still within the range that you can deal with using productivity, but on some of the selected commodities you mentioned. Can you talk about the balance between offsetting that inflation through selective price increases along with positive mix and restaging? And to the extent you are having conversations with retailers about pricing in the current environment, how those are going?
Sean Connolly: Sure, Matt. Let me take that and, Dave, if I miss anything, please chime in. We are taking pricing in the current environment. We are experiencing inflation and, as you might imagine with a portfolio as diverse as ours, it does not apply equally to each and every brand. So, if you consider peanut butter as an example, that's a product where it's obvious to everybody that the key commodity input was inflationary. We took price. Frankly, we have seen others in the category take price and the customer is aware of that as well. So, we have been taking price. But our overall efforts to manage margin, as I just mentioned to Alexia, is more than price. It's all of those levers I just talked about. But we are taking price. We are very clear eyed with our customers about our need to do that. And frankly, our relationship with our customers, in my judgment, since I have been here anyway, has never been better, because our customers are keenly aware that the ConAgra portfolio has a vast number of choices that offer exceedingly good value. What our customers really wanted from us is to see these iconic brands to get into the modern era, to see better food quality, to see modern food attributes, and in many cases to see their own customer margins begin to grow again, because they have been compressed for so long as the company had so many brands that were locked into these exceedingly low-price points. So, we have been highly aligned with our customers and, frankly, now the conversation with our customers is all about innovation. And the question we keep hearing is what's next?
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Great. Thanks, Sean. And then just on a separate topic. I mean, none of us really know if or when or how tax reform is going to happen, but just from a -- I'm sure you are going through scenario planning related to outcomes that might occur over the next 12 to 18 months. And the big question is sort of if corporate tax rates do get lowered, how much of that do you consider taking through to the bottom line to free cash flow? How much of it gets reinvested in a more accelerated way in the P&L? I guess just any -- I know it's a bit speculative right now, but any thoughts you can share on that?
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Matt. So, obviously we have been looking at this. This week, the bipartisan proposal came out. But it's really important that we understand the details, right? More specifics around the corporate tax rate reduction, any limitations on certain deductions which would obviously impact us. But generally speaking, I think the legislation should benefit companies that have a higher percentage of their business in the U.S., which would be us. So, we're looking at it. In terms of if there is corporate tax reduction, and there's more cash, we bounce back to our capital allocation, right? In our balanced capital allocation, where -- what do we do with our money and we're looking at our debt. We are looking at share repurchase. We are looking at acquisitions and then investment in the organic business. So, that won't change. And we'll see how it all plays out.
Operator: Your next questions will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Mr. Moscow, your line is open. You may be muted on your side, sir. Hearing no response, we will move on to the next question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, guys. Thank you very much for the questions. Like others, Ive got two. First, coming back to the inflation backdrop, it's edged up higher on you and quick back of the envelope math suggests its, at these rates, it's about a 40-basis point headwind to full year operating margins. But youre holding operating margins. So, quick question, what are the offsets? How are you successfully offsetting that more onerous inflation outlook?
Sean Connolly: Well, Jason, here again there's a lot of moving pieces here, right? So, obviously inflation ticked up. But, Sean talked about it. The one element is all the different aspects of price mix, right? So, list price increases, trade efficiency, mix, margin accretive innovation and just accelerating that and continuing to look at how that will flow out for the remainder of the year. We did not give a specific guidance on gross margin in the year, but we did for operating margin. So that obviously, A&P and SG&A impacts that. If you look at SG&A for the first quarter, we were down about $19 million. About half of that decrease was timing and half were real decreases based on costs we had in the prior quarter. So, we continue to look at SG&A and manage that and eliminate unnecessary costs. And we feel good about the progress there. So, when you take everything together with the pricing and how that flows out, the realized productivity that the supply chain is continuing to deliver, which is on track, and then our focus on SG&A. We still feel comfortable with the operating margin guidance.
Jason English: That's helpful. Thank you. And then the second question comes back to the grocery and snacking business. First, congratulations on refrigerated and frozen and how you successfully bent the trend there. It's encouraging to see. Is it fair to draw some parallels between the initiatives that you have effectively deployed there and the initiatives that are coming on grocery and snacks? And if so, can you give us some color in terms of what any we may stand in, in grocery and stacks, relative to frozen. And really what I'm trying to get at is, A reason to believe you can do the same with groceries and snacks, and B; some sense of what a reasonable timing expectation to see that trend really bend on the forward.
Sean Connolly: Great question, Jason. Let me tackle that. I think the overarching thing is we don't have to do exactly the same thing in every segment that we have. Were managing a total portfolio as a single cohort and really pushing growth where it makes sense to push growth. So, if you go back to our investor day and we talked about our portfolio segmentation model, weve got clear growers, weve got businesses that can move into adjacencies, weve got iconic brands that can be reinvigorated, and we have a lot of businesses that we call reliable contributors in the portfolio. Overall, big picture, we see lots more opportunity from here. We are innovating on our growth brands in growing categories. They skew disproportionately to frozen and refrigerated relative to, say, center store grocery. But we are also investing to bolster reliable contributors. Because reliable contributors contribute cash. Our growth brands which are in all parts of our portfolio use more of that cash and offer more top line. So, this is a fly wheel type operation that we have got moving in the right direction and we think we can accelerate it further from here. There are growth pockets, clearly, within grocery and snacks, some in grocery, some in, clearly, obviously in our snacks business. But there are also plenty of reliable contributors in that grocery business that are very high margin, high cash flow, and we just have not really renovated them yet and modernized them. So, thats -- We will do that. Those businesses, some of them may not -- Chef Boyardee is an example -- we may not look at Chef as needing to become a growth engine, but it does need to reliably contribute because it's big. It's in tens of millions of households, its high margin-high cash flow, and it provides a lot of fuel for growth both in other parts of grocery and snacks and in frozen.
Operator: And your next questions will be from David Driscoll of Citi research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a little bit more about frozen. Sean, you called it out as the piece that you really think that people should be focusing on as kind of, maybe, the early proof, in terms of your tea leaf plans and evidence and proof that things are turning. Can you just talk a little bit more about what's going well with the innovation that's hit the market? And I say sometimes I think about it between core brands that are seeing innovation, and then flat out new brands that you are introducing to the market. And I think there's different risk profiles with these. And then just a second related point to this, you showed five-week data that was up 6.7%, and is this the type of growth that you have expected going forward or does it get even better as the advertising kicks in?
Sean Connolly: Yeah, sure, David. Let me try to tackle that. Frozen is -- we talked earlier-- its an opportunity and it's an opportunity and for all the reasons we discussed. And in the early success that we are seeing, I think it's a function of the fact that these products are really good. They are clean label. They are on trend. They taste fantastic. They are in unique packaging. So, many of you got the chance to see some of this stuff at Cagney and its very impressive innovation. But I think one of the things I'm most encouraged by in the very early data we see is the incrementality that we are seeing in some of our customers' data in terms of new purchases into the frozen section, new shoppers into the frozen section. To me, that's the big opportunity here because if you look at millennials as an example, who historically didnt shop the frozen section. Well, think about it, millennials are living paycheck to paycheck. Perhaps one of the biggest single areas of waste in millennial budgets are the food that parishes in their refrigerator because they have been accustomed to buying refrigerated. We can deliver the equal quality product at better prices, but frozen so its not in a state where its going to perish and it won't lead to a wasted household balance sheet. So, that's a big opportunity and I think that's one of the key metrics that I want to see more of, along with the fact that we are taking legacy icon brands like Healthy Choice and were completely changing the way they show up, so that they suddenly have strong appeal, not to Boomers but to Millennials. So, that's part of keeping brands, legacy brands fresh for the long run. In terms of the balance between iconic legacy brand and start-up brands, as you can tell, by our portfolio, we have both and we think they both play a role. But in terms of what pays the bills, it's icon brands that have modern food attributes, that's where you drive velocity. And that frozen section in a customers operation is a true meritocracy business. And you have to ultimately drive velocity in order to perform and were seeing that with the icon brands that weve renovated. Going forward, yes, trends could strengthen from here. Weve got -- obviously we are in the trial phase now. So as new products hit the marketplace, we will go from a trial phase to a repeat phase but we are also on a situation where we still are down in terms of net total points of distribution. So as that goes from negative territory to positive territory, that should only help. So, we are not guiding by segment or even by sub segment with frozen single serve meals, but obviously this is going in the right direction.
David Driscoll: Thanks for the comments.
Operator: The next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So, I guess, my question is just around the sort of retailer appetite for promotional intensity and -- and even private label. We just hear that theme a lot from investors and, Sean, I guess my question is; as you have gone through the process of eliminating some of the really deep promotions and some of the highly promoted volume, have retailers reached out to try to just promote a different brand or, as you are pulling back on those promotions, are they also sort of looking to pull back on the promotional intensity in some of these categories?
Sean Connolly: Well, I -- we have received that question a number of times and I think overall, we have not been pressured to lower our prices or dial up the intensity of our promotion, and maybe that's in part because we already have so many brands that offer a tremendous value. I think your point is right, that retailers and manufacturers alike are hungry for improved growth, and the real question is; how do you get there? Now, the default position, and a lot of people I talked to, as well, it must be lower prices but when you actually look at the data, at least within the branded space, a lot of times -- most times, it is not the lowest priced stuff that is actually growing. It's the more premium, more innovative up to date stuff that's growing, and that's really what we are doing with our portfolio. But I think bigger overall point here is that the thing that is going to spur growth, in our mind, is innovation, which is consistent with our belief that the consumer's calculus on what drives value, and their value assessment is much more comprehensive than price alone. And the conversations we have with respect to our portfolio, with our retailers, really align with that.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thank you. And if I could sneak one more in, just related to the inflation going up a little bit. Are we now -- how much of your commodity cost exposure is locked in for the year or is there potential that it could move one way or another some more as we move through the balance of the fiscal year? Thank you.
David Marberger: Yeah, we dont -- that really varies by commodity. The area with the animal proteins where we have been impacted, that really doesn't lend itself to locking in as much. So, obviously, we buy forward, but -- so that's really where we were hit the most along with some of the packaging and Sean mentioned the peanuts. So, we feel we have the best estimate right now, based on all the information we have and we feel good with the estimate at this time. So, Sean, anything to add?
Sean Connolly: No. I think you got it.
Operator: The next question comes will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, this is actually [Luby] filling in for Akshay. I wanted to just clarify your comments on your sales growth expectations. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect to see net gains in the back half of the year. Is that correct? I wasn't sure if you were referring to the overall portfolio. And will you have fully lapped all of the SKU reductions by the second half? That's my first question.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Luby, the net gain comment was with respect to total points of distribution. So, as you think about -- and when I think about the positive net gains versus negative net gains, it's just a net of the stuff we pulled out versus the stuff we have put in. Is it net it positive territory or negative territory. So, obviously last year, we did all takeaways out of the marketplace with SKU rationalization. In Q1, weve had more takeaways than weve had infusion in. And thats going to shift as you see some of our SKU rationalization work abate and you see the new products hit the marketplace. So, youll see those total distribution points move more towards the positive territory as we move through the second quarter and the second half.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful, thanks. And then I just wanted to ask a question on the Angie's acquisition. So, I think you mentioned $100 million in annual net sales. On our math, we are getting to something in the region of $7 million in EBITDA, which seems pretty low. So, I guess, first question, is that sort of in the right ballpark? And if so, can you maybe talk about why the margins in that business might be as low as they are, and what, if anything, you guys can do to increase those? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Well, we haven't given any profitability numbers on the business. So, I'm not sure where got. But what I can tell you is, this is an awesome brand. We can do a lot with it and we are highly confident that we will get a terrific return on our investment.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. And thanks for getting me back in. Sorry for the technical problem before.
Sean Connolly: Hey, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi. When I look at your Nielsen data in the past four weeks, it's in positive territory, and it gets better and better. You have provided slides just on the base sales and obviously that looks better too. But can I look at this past four-week number and assume that this is the new normal, that from an overall perspective, that you can stay positive here? I think your multiple would benefit greatly if we got comfort that this is not just a one-month kind of trend, but kind of like where you are at.
Sean Connolly: Well, clearly, it's moving in the right direction and every month is going to be different. It depends upon -- we still do have a lot of trade spend. We still do have a lot of merchandising. So, it depends upon where our activities line up vis a vis our competitive activities. But, it's moving in the right direction. One thing that I probably should mention, as we are getting to the end of the call is some people may think that hurricanes played a big role in our P&L in the quarter. That's actually not the case. The hurricanes are really more of a Q2 concept but -- and it will impact certain brands in the week before a hurricane, and what we call the preparation stage. But net/net impact on our portfolio is not that significant because, if you think about it, you might build up in the preparation phase but then you've got -- you've got, perhaps pantry inventory that's got to burn down. Furthermore, to the degree you ever have extended power outages and things like that, as you might imagine, that's not exactly helpful to frozen and refrigerated businesses. So, you have these puts and takes, is, I think, my overall point. And there might be weekly volatility in there, but in our experience, it's not a significant net impact, really not an impact at all to speak of in Q1. And we'll see how Q2 plays out.
Robert Moskow: Just in general then, should we expect, because of that trade spend, that the reported retail sales trends are a little bit stronger than your -- than your internal kind of net sales reporting because of that slotting kind of difference?
Sean Connolly: Not really, Rob. We historically tracked -- We don't have a lot of seasonal businesses, we dont have a lot of early shipments. Our consumption, on average, tracks pretty close to our shipments. So, there's a little bit of volatility in there. But, I think the big point youre making which I would agree with is we are seeing our plan work. And it's not surprising to me that we had this same situation when I was at Sara Lee and Hillshire and saw similar types of traction. We are beginning to see it here. Obviously, weve got a larger portfolio here, so weve got more work to do in terms of touching different brands, and that takes time. This is not an overnight exercise, but there's just tremendous encouragement, I think, here on the team in terms of the traction that we're seeing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Brian Kearney for his closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Thank you. As a reminder, this conference has been recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our release. As always, Investor Relations is available for discussion. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your line.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-06-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Kearney - Director of Investor Relations Sean Connolly - President and Chief Executive Officer  Dave Marberger - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citi Research Ken Goldman - JP Morgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Bernstein Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConAgra Brands' Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney, ConAgras Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir. 
Brian Kearney: Good morning everyone. Im Brian Kearney, ConAgras Director of Investor Relations. Johan Nystedt has taken on a new and very important role as the Chief Risk Officer, while also keeping his existing Treasurer role. In order to focus on his role of evaluating and managing enterprise wide risk, Johan will be transitioning his Investor Relations duties to me. I thank Johan for his leadership, as we have transitioned from ConAgra Foods to ConAgra Brands. That said, during todays remarks, we will making some forward-looking statement, and while we're making these statements in good faith and are confident in our company's directions, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, we'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either their earnings press release, or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our website at conagrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Remarkably, it was almost two years ago to the day that I hosted my first call as ConAgras CEO. As you may recall, the company had its hands full at the time and I shared my initial assessment of what we needed to do. I told you that I saw a tremendous opportunity at the company, but that unlocking it meant we had to move quickly and take bold actions on a number of fronts. Well today, two years later, I think its clear this is a new era and we are a new company. Yes, ConAgra is about 100 years old, but for the first time in our history we are a focused pure play branded CPG Company. Becoming a pure play has enabled us to sharpen our focus on the critical elements necessary to improve performance. Weve moved from an emphasis on unit volume to a focus on value and from a reliance on trade discounting to a strategy based on renewed brand relevancy. Weve moved from a tendency towards SKU proliferation to being clear-eyed about SKU optimization. Our A&P support and innovation programs are far more disciplined. We have aggressively addressed our cost structure and weve become leaner and as youve seen our margins are far stronger. Overall, by relentlessly following the portfolio management principles we shared at our Investor Day, weve clearly positioned the company for better long term value creation.  In deed weve moved quickly and taken aggressive action over the past two years. Weve reshaped our company and our portfolio, exiting private brands, as well as non-core businesses like Spicetec and JM Swank. Soon we expect to add Wesson to that list. We flawlessly executed the Lamb Weston spin, we've also added on trend brands through modernizing acquisitions like Blake's, Frontera, Duke's and BIGS. At the same time, weve overhauled our culture, growth capabilities and margins behind a new management team and an energized new corporate headquarters. This went hand-in-hand with aggressive actions to reduce costs, upgrade the quality of our revenue base, and jumpstart innovation across the company. Clearly, weve been busy, but our work is not finished. As I told you two years ago, we are committed to moving with agility, but transforming ConAgra is a multi-year effort, not a flip of the switch. At our inaugural ConAgra Brands Investor Day, I described the cadence of our work this way. As we have just discussed, for the last two fiscal years we focused on resetting our top line and cost structure. Now that weve undone some legacy practices that inflated our volume base and have rebuilt our innovation capabilities we are positioned to improve growth trend sequentially. In fiscal 2018, we will continue our progress to bend the top line trend. We expect to further accelerate growth in the future as our innovation pipeline and new marketing programs take hold in the marketplace. Meanwhile, margin expansion has been and always will be a way of life at ConAgra Brands and Ill recap our progress here in a minute. But while weve made tremendous progress, our work is not done.  We still have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we will continue to chip away at our margin opportunities and strengthen our innovation programs in order to improve our growth prospects. Of course, we will also continue to reshape our portfolio, not just by strengthening the brands we own, but by bringing in new assets and potentially divesting assets that no longer fit as we are in the process of doing with Wesson. Now turning to our performance summary on Slide 10. We concluded our second full year of transformation with solid results that were in line with our expectations for both the fourth quarter and the full-year. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales for the quarter were down 3.6%, reflecting continued improvement in topline trends as we upgrade the quality of our volume base. The volume declines associated with our rebase abated sequentially this year as expected. For fiscal year 2017, comparable net sales were down 5%. Adjusted gross margin increased 130 basis points to 29% in the quarter, driven by supply chain realized productivity, improved pricing and the benefit of having divested lower margin businesses. For fiscal 2017, adjusted gross margin increased 180 basis points to 30.2%. It is worth noting that we estimate that Spicetec and JM Swank, which we divested in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, reduced the adjusted gross margin by approximately 20 basis points in the year. In terms of our bottom line, adjusted diluted EPS of $0.37 for the quarter was up nearly 16% from the prior year. For fiscal 2017, adjusted dilutive EPS increased 34% to $1.74. Our fiscal 2017 story was one of margin improvement and Slide 11 highlights the strong progress we continue to make. In addition to the gross margin improvement I touched on a moment ago, on the right side of the slide, you can see we also drove 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement, compared to Q4 of last year, and 310 basis points year-over-year. As our margin improvement demonstrates, our SG&A, cost reduction, and trade efficiency programs are squarely on track. We have changed our promotional practices to adjust pricing, while investing in improved quality, updated packaging, and higher ROI A&P support. Weve also been disciplined in examining the value every SKU delivers to our brands, so that we can eliminate laggards and remove unnecessary complexity and cost. And the value of our supply chain productivity programs is clearly coming through. Finally, the divestiture of lower margin businesses also contributed to improving our gross margin profile. Overall, our actions have led to stronger and more consistent bottom line performance and we remain focused on continuing to drive the center line of our profitability north over time. Clearly, there will be some standard deviation from quarter-to-quarter, but we are taking the long view. Looking ahead, we see no major structural issues that would prevent us from delivering our long term targets, as we continue to chip away at our margin opportunity. While weve been relentless on cost reduction and improving efficiencies in order to build a strong foundation on the bottom line, we know we can't cut our way to prosperity, we've got to grow, but weve got to do it the right way, which is all about profitable volume growth and a more modern -looking portfolio. As we highlighted in the past, the left chart on Slide 13 demonstrates the impact of our efforts to drive out lower ROI incremental sales. Incremental volume sales have declined, as we anticipated, which is squarely on track with our strategy. The chart on the right shows a steady increase in base sales velocity trends demonstrating that our efforts to build a stronger foundation are working. Simply put, our brands, while leaner are presenting better and therefore turning better in a non-promoted context. Overall, our disciplined approach to resetting the top line is continuing to bend the trend. As you can see by the sequential improvement shown on Slide 14, we remain focused on execution and continual progress. Fiscal 2017 was a heavy lift as we've put in the work to thoughtfully and methodically upgrade our revenue base.  As we enter fiscal 2018, we are working from a much stronger base. There is a healthier business emerging, one that is less promotional with a greater percentage of volume coming from loyal households and at a higher margin. This allows us to invest in renovation and innovation and ultimately leads to sustainable growth. A great example of how we are leveraging innovation and renovation to modernize brands is our work on healthy choice. As you will recall from Investor Day, we have segmented our portfolio into four distinct quadrants each with unique opportunities and challenges. Healthy choice falls in our reinvigorate growth quadrant. Our former CEO, Mike Harper conceived of Healthy Choice in the 1980s when he was seeking healthier alternatives following a heart attack. Initially Healthy Choice offered meals with lower sodium, fat, and cholesterol for heart health. Healthy Choice still does that job well today, but consumer perceptions of health and wellness have evolved to more than just heart health. Today, consumers are looking for ingredients they can pronounce, natural sources of protein, and meals that are easy to prepare.  We saw an opportunity to innovate and differentiate the Healthy Choice brand to respond to these consumer needs by entering premium segments adding modern product attributes, upgrading product quality, and developing contemporary, ethnic cuisines. Leading this transformation has been the Healthy Choice cafe steamers platform, which today makes up over 80% of the brand's net sales. Cafe steamers deliver higher quality modern product attributes in a patented tray in tray package. When you prepare these meals in the microwave, the sauce actually steams the ingredient, which unlocks the flavors, textures, and colors of our restaurant inspired recipes. The launch of simply steamers in 2015 further elevated the brand offering 100% natural proteins and nothing artificial. Some of our simply steamers are made with organic ingredients and offer new bold emerging international flavors and recipes. The Healthy Choice transformation demonstrates that a legacy brand can attract younger households. In just the last 26 weeks of fiscal 2017, brand volume from millennials is up 17%. IRI total dollars sales are up 2.2%, despite a 21% reduction in incremental sales, which is consistent with our focus on value over volume. Base dollars sales are even stronger, up 9% over the latest 26 weeks, and 12% over the latest 13 weeks with base velocities up 11% and up 4% over the latest 26 and latest 13 weeks respectively. And perhaps my favorite part of this case study is the margin story. Overall, our Healthy Choice frozen business has grown margins by more than 900 basis points since fiscal 2014 as we began to price the value and removed unprofitable promotions. And there is even more opportunity on Healthy Choice. We are taking the next step in migrating this brand up-market through the introduction of our new Power Bowls line. Power Bowls reflect our food philosophy that every ingredient matters. Every Power Bowel is a nutrient dense composition of purposeful ingredients like whole grains, greens, lean protein, fruits and vegetables served in a plant-based Fiber Bowl available in four bowl new flavors, adobo chicken, Korean beef, chicken sausage and barley and Cuban pork, customers have responded very positively to this new lineup since the national launch on June 1. While still early days Power Bowls are on track to reach a very healthy ACV by the end of calendar year 2017. Healthy Choice is a terrific proxy for how we plan to reinvigorate even more of our brands. On Slide 18, you see a snapshot of the exciting slate of innovative products across our portfolio that will be hitting the shelves this year. Obviously, our industry is hungry for improved growth. Thats not up for debate, but what I do here being debated is what exactly is going to drive that growth with some of the more recent speculation pointing to discount pricing. We believe the answer to this question goes well beyond low prices, in fact our analysis shows that the relationship in our categories between discount pricing and branded sales trends is not one size fits all. To the contrary, in many categories the better branded performers are often more premium priced products that have been innovated to build in modern food attributes like clean label, natural ingredients, and ethnic flavors. My main points here are that we believe the key to spurring growth is innovation such as what you see on this page. Also, that the consumers calculus on what drives value is much more comprehensive than price alone. Now turning to Slide 19, as we move into fiscal 2018 and beyond, the portfolio management principles we outlined at our Investor Day will continue to guide our actions. As we discussed earlier, weve done a lot of heavy lifting to rebase our revenue, which sets a stronger foundation for continued improvement in our top line trends. Our innovation progress is clearly accelerating and we expect new products to continue to hit the market throughout fiscal 2018. Execution excellence remains a focus in everything we do, and we will continue to chip away at the margin opportunity, while we deliver profitable growth. Finally, we expect to find additional opportunities to reshape our portfolio. Clearly this includes continuing to enhance our current portfolio through a disciplined approach to M&A, but it may also include exiting brands that no longer fit and are more highly valued by others in an efficient manner and leveraging our tax asset. We still have work to do, but we are on track as we execute against our plan. We are confident in the strategy we have in motion is the right one to sustain improved consistency in our performance and profitability, while delivering long-term shareholder value. Slide 20 outlines our fiscal 2018 outlook, which Dave will discuss in further detail in a few minutes, but at a high level you can see that for fiscal 2018, the first full year included in the long-term algorithm we outlined at Investor Day, we are projecting organic net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign exchange to be down 2% to flat. We anticipate that the organic sales improvement we expect to see in the grocery and snacks and refrigerated and frozen segments could be offset by the introduction of our value over volume strategy in our international and food service businesses in fiscal 2018. I also want to highlight that we expect adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations to come in at $1.84 to $1.89. Finally, with improved profitability and a strong cash flow, we anticipate repurchasing $1.1 billion of shares in fiscal 2018. Again, it won't be a straight line, but we remain committed to a long-term growth algorithm. As a reminder, this algorithm excludes any assumptions about M&A activity. Clearly, this doesn't mean M&A isnt part of our strategy, it just means that we didn't include any related assumptions into our outlook. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to thank our talented and dedicated ConAgra Brands employees who in fiscal 2017 continue to embrace change and continue to execute our strategy, while doing a tremendous job of serving our customers. With that, over to you Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you Sean and good morning everyone. Before I start, I want to review a few points on our basis of presentation and the related joint ventures have been reclassified as discontinued operations since the second quarter of fiscal 2017. The commercial reporting segment has no current operating results. Since the second quarter, it has only included the historical results with the Spicetec and JM Swank businesses, which we divested in the first quarter.  References to adjusted items refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. These items are reconciled to the closest GAAP measures in tables that are included in the earnings release and presentation deck. Moving on to our results, as you can see on Slide 22, we continue to make strong progress improving our financial profile as we reshape our portfolio. Reported net sales for the fourth quarter were down 9.3%, and net sales excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange were down 3.6%, reflecting sequential improvement against our first half and third quarter net sales growth rates. For the full-year, net sales excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange were down 5% in-line with our estimates.  Adjusted gross profit dollars were down 5.1% for the fourth quarter. The sale of Spicetec and Swank drove 3 percentage points of this decline. The remaining decline was from lower volume and unfavorable FX, partially offset by the gross margin rate improvement. Adjusted gross margin was 29% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 130 basis points. Approximately 70 basis points of improvement came from divesting the lower margin Spicetec and Swank businesses.  The remaining increase came from supply chain realized productivity gains and improvements in pricing and trade efficiency, the benefits of which were more than offset by the negative impacts of increased inflation. For the full-year, adjusted gross margin was 30.2%, an increase of 180 basis points. Inclusion of the lower margins Spicetec and Swank businesses for the first quarter 2017 negatively impacted full-year adjusted gross margin by 20 basis points. Sean discussed the fiscal 2017 key margin drivers supporting our 180 basis point improvement in gross margin noting trade promotion efficiency and pricing SKU rationalization, supply chain realized productivity offsetting inflation, and divesting lower margin businesses, partially offset by unfavorable FX. Moving on, adjusted operating profit was down 2.3% for the fourth quarter. Strong SG&A performance, which I will discuss in more detail shortly, was not enough to fully offset 4 percentage points of decline related to the Spicetec and Swank divestitures. Adjusted operating profit for the full-year was up 12.4%, which includes 4.4 percentage points of decline from the divestitures. Importantly, adjusted operating margin continued its strong improvement versus the prior year and exceeded our estimates for the year. Fourth quarter adjusted operating margin was 13.6%, up 100 basis points. Full-year adjusted operating margin was 15.8%, up 310 basis points. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.37 for the fourth quarter, up 15.6%. Fourth quarter EPS benefited from significant SG&A reductions, lower interest expense, favorable performance in Ardent Mills and increased share repurchase, partially offset by lower profit from volume declines and the divestitures. For the full year, adjusted diluted EPS was $1.74, up 33.8%. This was above our original EPS guidance and the increase was driven by the same factors just mentioned for the fourth quarter. I will discuss full-year EPS in more detail shortly. Slide 23 shows the drivers of our fourth quarter and full-year net sales change versus last year. Net sales, excluding divestitures and FX were down 3.6% for the fourth quarter and were down 5% for the year. Both the fourth quarter and full year of net sales performance were driven by volume declines, partially offset by improvements in price mix in line with our value over volume strategy.  The acquisition of the Duke's and BIGS brands in the fourth quarter added about 40 basis points to the Q4 growth rate and 10 basis points to the full-year growth rate. The fourth quarter net sales performance shows continued improvement in the rate of growth versus the first half and third quarter of 2017. Our planned strategic approach to bending the sales trend is working. Our new culture of lean is also yielding benefits. Slide 24 highlights our continued strong SG&A performance. Note that this chart represents adjusted SG&A, excluding A&P expense. A&P is included as part of SG&A on the face of the financial statements. Adjusted SG&A was $211 million in the fourth quarter, down 12.7% versus a year ago. Adjusted SG&A for the full-year was $803 million, down 21% or $214 million, exceeding our $200 million SG&A reduction commitment. We finished 2017 with an SG&A rate of 10.3% of net sales, which is among the most efficient SG&A rates in the industry. We are pleased with the great progress we have made and about the continuous improvement mindset that has taken hold across all areas of our company. Efficiency is not a program at ConAgra; it is part of the culture. Slide 25 summarizes A&P spending for the fourth quarter and full year. A&P spending was up 11.8% for the fourth quarter versus the prior year as we increased our investment spending to support brand saliency in advance of the new product initiatives Sean discussed. For the full-year 2017, A&P spending as a percentage of net sales was 4.2%, up from 4% in 2016. Although we significantly improved our margins in EPS performance in 2017, this did not come at the expense of brand investment. Slide 26 highlights our net sales and adjusted operating profit by reporting segment. Overall, the value over volume strategy executed in 2017 delivered largely as expected. We experienced volume declines across the portfolio as planned, but every segment delivered solid margin improvement during the year. Our portfolio is now better positioned as we move into fiscal 2018. In our grocery and snack segment net sales were $3.2 billion for the year, down 5%. 5.3% decline in volume, and 50 basis points of negative mix were partially offset by 80 basis points of favorable price and trade productivity. Adjusted operating profit was $779 million for the year, an increase of 12.1%; and adjusted operating margin was 24.3%, an increase of 370 basis points. This segments increase in adjusted operating profit reflects continued progress on gross profit expansion and reduced SG&A costs, despite lower sales volume. In our refrigerated and frozen segment, net sales were $2.7 billion for fiscal year 2017, down 7.5%. An 8.6% decline in volume was partially offset by favorable price mix of 110 basis points. Adjusted operating profit was $452 million for the year, up 2.4%. Adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2017 was 17%, up 165 basis points. The adjusted operating profit performance reflects gross margin expansion from net pricing and trade efficiency, supply chain realized productivity gains, and SG&A savings, partially offset by volume declines. As a reminder, adjusted operating profit in this segment benefited in 2016 as our egg beater product supply was not impacted by the Avian flu issue, creating a sales opportunity in 2016. Wrapping this dynamic in 2017 negatively impacted the change in adjusted operating profit by approximately 5 percentage points. In our international segment, net sales were approximately $800 million for 2017, down 3.6%. This reflects a 2.5% decline in volume and 3.5% negative impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by 2.4 percentage point improvement in price mix as the international team begins to focus on value over volume. Adjusted operating profit was $68 million in 2017, flat to prior to year. And adjusted operating margin was 8.3%, up 30 basis points. The operating profit improvement was driven by favorable pricing and lower SG&A expenses offsetting the negative impacts of volume declines and FX. In our foodservice segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion for the year, down 2.4% as we applied our value over volume principles and exited a non-core food service snack business. Adjusted operating profit was $107 million for fiscal 2017, a 9.3% increase. Adjusted operating margin was 9.9% for 2017, an increase of 105 basis points. Adjusted operating profit increased due to favorable SG&A expense, and adjusted operating margins improved due to existing the low margin business. As mentioned earlier, there were no sales or adjusted operating profits in the commercial segment for the second quarter onward given the Spicetec and JM Swank divestitures in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted corporate expenses were $177 million for 2017, down 29%, reflecting the benefits of our SG&A cost savings efforts. The ConAgra Brands operating segment finished fiscal 2017 as a much stronger profitable portfolio of businesses with a robust innovation pipeline for fiscal 2018 and beyond. Moving to Slide 27 this chart outlines the drivers of adjusted diluted EPS improvement from $1.30 in 2016 to $1.74 in 2017, a 33.8% increase. As we expected, the full-year EPS impact of the 6% volume decline was mostly offset by the adjusted gross margin rate improvement of 180 basis points. We attained approximately 50 basis points of improvement for the year by divesting the lower margin Spicetec and JM Swank businesses in the quarter first quarter. The remaining gross margin improvement came from supply chain realized productivity gains and pricing and trade productivity, partially offset by inflation, unfavorable margin mix, and unfavorable FX. As I just discussed, we exceeded the $200 million SG&A reduction target, which delivered $0.29 of EPS growth in 2017. EPS improvement was also driven by $2.5 billion debt reduction during 2017 resulting in $100 million of reduced interest expense. EPS also benefited from lower weighted average shares outstanding as we repurchased approximately 25 million shares during 2017.  The adjusted effective tax rate for 2017 was 31.8%. This rate was favorable to our estimates, due to tax benefits generated upon the exercise of employee stock compensation awards. The sale of Spicetec and JM Swank reduced EPS by approximately $0.06 for the year. Slide 28 summarizes select balance sheet and cash flow information for 2017 versus 2016. Net cash flow from operating activities of continuing operations was $1.1 billion for full-year 2017 versus $626 million for the same period a year ago, an increase of 82%. This significant increase was driven by higher income from operations, lower interest expense, and a reduction in the company's restructuring and tax payments, partially offset by a $150 million pension contribution made in the fourth quarter. The cash flow improvement was also driven by very strong working capital improvement in the areas of inventory, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. Our team places a strong focus on managing working capital as a source of cash, and total trade working capital declined $263 million or 27% in fiscal year 2017. This reflects a reduction in cash conversion of approximately 12 days in fiscal 2017, truly outstanding performance. We had capital expenditures of $242 million for 2017, versus $278 million in 2016. We are in-line with our targets for capital spending of 3% to 4% of net sales. We pay dividends of $450 million in 2017, down slightly from 2016, due to the impact of the Lamb Weston spinoff. During 2017, we repurchased approximately $25 million shares of stock at a cost of approximately $1 billion. As disclosed in our earnings release, the board has authorized an additional $1 billion in share repurchases giving us a total authorization as of today of approximately $1.3 billion. We ended fiscal 2017 with $3 billion of total debt and approximately $250 million of cash on hand. This results in net debt of approximately $2.7 billion as of year-end, down from $4.6 billion in net debt at year-end 2016. As we have stated, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating for the business. I would also like to note the following items. Equity method investment earnings were $71 million for 2017, up $5 million versus the prior year, due to the improved performance by Ardent Mills. For 2017, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales by $29 million versus the prior year, and negatively impacted operating profit by $10 million. In late May, we announce the sale of Wesson oil business. Upon the expected completion of this transaction, we will have used approximately 38% of our tax capital loss carryforward. Our fourth quarter comparability items are detailed in the earnings release. Among our fourth quarter comparability items is a $0.21 of EPS benefit, due to our expected sale of Wesson and utilization of the tax loss carryforward. We will provide more information on the Wesson transaction after it closes. The remaining items affecting EPS comparability for the fourth quarter, which we exclude from our adjusted financial measures are as follows: $0.02 per diluted share of net expenses related to restructuring plans, $0.05 per diluted share of net expense related to an impairment charge for the Wesson oil production facility that is not expected to be included in the sale, $0.16 per diluted share of net expense related to goodwill and tangible asset impairment charges related to our Chef Boyardee brand and to a lesser extent our Canadian and Mexican businesses, and lastly, offsetting $0.01 per diluted share items, a $0.01 benefit from a legal settlement, and $0.01 expense related to hedging derivative losses. On Slide 29, we summarize our fiscal 2018 financial outlook and reiterate our three-year fiscal 2020 financial algorithm, which uses fiscal year 2017s final results as the base year. Our fiscal 2018 financial outlook supports our three-year financial algorithm. We expect reported net sales growth to be down 2% to flat showing improvement to the rate of our 2017 net sales decline. We expect fiscal year 2018 organic net sales growth to also be down 2% to flat. Organic net sales growth excludes the impacts of FX and acquisitions and divestitures until the anniversary day of the transactions. Our three-year fiscal 2020 outlook expects a net sales CAGR of plus 1% to 2%. The fiscal year 2018 outlook moves the company closer to the three-year sales growth CAGR. We expect adjusted operating margin in the range of 15.9% to 16.3% for fiscal 2018 as we continue to strengthen our portfolio and invest in product innovation. Our three year fiscal 2020 outlook expects adjusted operating margin of 16.5% in fiscal year 2020. We expect the effective tax rate to be 32.5 to 33.5% in fiscal 2018, and we expect adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of $1.84 to $1.89. We expect to repurchase approximately $1.1 billion of shares in fiscal 2018 subject to market and other conditions. The fiscal 2020 algorithm expects an EPS CAGR of plus 10%. We establish this CAGR when the fiscal 2017 EPS outlook had $1.70 at the high end of the range. Even factoring in our EPS overdelivery of $1.74 in 2017, the 2018 EPS guidance moves the company towards the three year EPS CAGR outlook. We expect to maintain a dividend payout ratio of 45% to 50% in each year through fiscal year 2020. Our 2018 outlook includes the estimated financial results of the Wesson business, since the sale was still pending. We will update our 2018 guidance when the transaction closes. I also want to comment on the quarterly flow of the 2018 outlook. We expect net sales and EPS performance for fiscal 2018 to be weighted towards the second half of the fiscal year. We expect net sales growth to improve each quarter as new products build distribution with customers and trial with consumers. Also, cost savings from realized productivity is weighted towards the second half, due to the timing of projects. In summary, ConAgra Brands continues to make excellent progress executing its strategic plan as evidenced by the strong fiscal year 2017 financial results. We have made great progress upgrading our volume base. Gross margins and operating margins are expanding and our $200 million SG&A cost reduction program has over delivered. Our balance sheet is strong and gives us the flexibility to evaluate acquisition opportunities to drive shareowner value. And our fiscal year 2020 financial outlook continues to support margin and earnings growth over the next three years, resulting in strong total shareowner returns over that time. Thank you. This concludes my formal remarks. Sean, Tom McGough, and I will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Q - Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Andrew
Dave Marberger: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: As I recall, I think back at your Investor Day, I think it was Supply Chain Head, Dave Biegger, he had mentioned that M&A as potentially an incremental benefit in terms of a much more significant I guess supply chain unlock, and therefore the potential for additional margin opportunity, and I guess volumes in the industry as a whole in ConAgra maybe taking a bit more time to come around. I guess for ConAgra, does larger M&A became more of a necessity to sort of hit your current margin goals given negative fixed cost leverage and such?
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew our long-term algorithm does not make an assumption in terms of any kind of scale deals, so the long-term numbers that we reaffirm today are basically us running our base play. The point Dave was making at our Investor Day is that we have our top notch supply chain team that has been extremely active in the industry reducing the number of plants by 30% in the past six years or so, achieving realized productivity of 2.8% on average year-in your-out, which translates if you use to the measure of gross productivity through significantly higher number, as well as base plans to further increase realized productivity 15% and 20% by 2020, as well as commenting to get $400 million of working capital. So all of those things are assumed in our long term algorithm and get us to our long-term algorithm. The point he was making on M&A is to the degree we all have conversations about bigger transformations within our supply chain. There are other concepts out there and that last slide that shared in that presentation - that are really conceptual in nature, which are things like joint ventures, consolidation of supply chain networks, and things like that. Those concepts always offer incremental opportunity, but what Dave was pointing out, those are things that we are always open to and we will always contemplate, but they are not assumed as required in order for us to get to our long-term algorithm.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks for that, and then when do you anticipate that the change or decline that we have seen in distribution points should trough, I guess such that the velocity improvements that you site in the slides can start to really show through in terms of volume growth, because I think you did expand the work youve done.
Sean Connolly: Yes, you have seen this year, it has been a fundamental reset of top line and a big part of that and it varies by business, bank was a good example of where we have done a lot of SKU rationalization including in this past quarter in Q4, but you have seen trends abate there. So, as we start to wrap those you're going to see those change and obviously we are quite pleased and excited about our top line prospects this year calling for a minus 2 to flat, which is a trend bend on our topline of 300 basis points to 500 basis points, which is probably some of the stronger bend in the industry. And that obviously reflects wrapping this - the heavy lifting we have done this past year, but also the confidence we have in our innovation programs, and our plans to rebuild TPDs, total points of distribution in higher quality read this year. So you will see that and I think as you think about our topline you should think about it as just like youve seen recently building momentum as we proceed through front half to back half quarter-to-quarter so to speak.
Operator: The next question will come from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi, David. 
Dave Marberger: Good morning
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a few things here about new products, in your Investor Day you laid out the 2020 goal of 15% of net sales to come from new products, can you talk about this slate of F-18 new products, how it fits into that goal, how impactful you think these new products can be? And then can you share just what is the philosophy on the gross margin impact from new products? Do you have, kind of mandatory rules that the teams have to live by on the gross margin benefits or accretion that comes from new products?
Sean Connolly: Yes absolutely. Let me hit those David. First of all the metrics David, we call it in renewal rate, which is percent of annual net sales that come from prior three-year innovations and historically we were I think in the high-single digits range. Our goal is to get that to about 15%, not in a low quality way because weve got experience with SKU proliferation in the past, but in a higher quality way and we're making good progress this year just with the innovations like you have seen, but keep in mind when it comes to innovation we effectively, not only did we rebase our topline this past year, we basically pushed pause on all innovation, so we could rebuild the pipe in a higher quality way, which is the stuff you see launching this year. So we will get better at that as we go and we will do it informed by our portfolio segmentation and our improved insights and analytics capabilities, but when we do evaluate future innovations, we do challenge our teams to always pursue margin accretive innovation. Now sometimes in the early days of an innovation you will see a little bit of a lower gross margin, if we choose for example to go to a co-packer because in those cases, we want to prove out our thinking before we invest our own capital or if we buy a higher growth business that was run by an entrepreneur that has lower gross margins. In their early days, we know once we can get it in our system we can raise those margins over time. Weve experienced some of that in this past quarter with Thanasi and Frontera as an example, but you can see from our past couple of years of behavior we are somewhat obsessed with the notion of margin expansion around here and certainly margin accretive innovation is part of that game plan.
David Driscoll: And then just one follow-up on cost savings, did you say or can you say, what is the expected savings or the normal productivity savings expected in fiscal 2018?
Sean Connolly: Yes David. We think of that specific level of detail, what I will tell you is that, the productivity programs that we discussed at Investor Day and the 3.3% of realized productivity is on track. What were seeing and it was really showed up in our Q4 results a bit, is the increase in inflation. So as you remember we had an assumption of 2.3% of inflation over the three-year horizon for our algorithm, and Q4 our inflation was around 2.7% and right now we are looking at that as more of the run rate for 2018. So on track with productivity, we are continuing to look even harder at opportunities there and pricing opportunities, but we are seeing more inflation, which impacts next year.
Operator: And the next question will be from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks very much. Sean you highlighted at the beginning of your talk about margin growth still being a big part of the story, but if you look at the midpoint of your EBITDA margin guidance for 2018 its 16.1%, regarding the 16.5% by 2020 thats only 20 basis points of growth per year over 2019 and 2020, I realized two and this point to Andrew's point volumes arent helping right, but it still seems like a fairly low bar for a company thats early in its transformation, so I guess Im just curious why is 16.5% not a bit conservative in your long-term outlook?
Sean Connolly: Well we only gave the long term outlook just 6 or 7 months ago at our Investor Day Ken and obviously we have over delivered a little bit on the business since we gave our outlook. So were not in a position to change that outlook now, we are reaffirming it, we are - as I pointed out many times, our margin expansion story, we did harvest a lot of the low hanging fruit in the first couple of years, and the language I used to describe where we go from here is that we will continue to keep chipping away at it, and we will do that successfully. With respect to margins and frankly with respect to our profitability overall, I always make the point that what we focus on is the centerline of our profitability moving North over time. And the reason for that is as you know in any given quarter, in any given year there might be other dynamics that can impact gross margin, in the short-term one way or another. Last thing you want to do when you are leading a transformation like were leading is let those short-term dynamics take you off of your strategic game plan. So in the case of this year we've obviously got significantly more inflation in our outlook than we had last year. That will be a factor, but the good news there is that principally we always plan to price to inflation and we will look to do that again. Dave you want to add something to that?
Dave Marberger: Yes just to build on that, another dynamic Ken is that with SG&A, as I commented. We were improved $214 million for the year, right? So that exceeded our target. Some of that was some one-time benefit and some headcount-related stuff that will come back for next year. So, we accelerated that savings, so some of that savings is going to kind of come back next year in terms of some moderate increases in SG&A. So thats just the dynamics of the timing between 2017 and going forward.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then from my follow-up, you were just talking about passing on some inflation. General Mills said this week that when it comes to taking price it isn't really having many problems that it is the retailers that are investing in price, but certainly taking Mills as increases, but Smucker few weeks ago sort of said the opposite, Im just curious in your view where does ConAgra currently fall in this spectrum, have you had any more difficulty than usual taking pricing, have any of your major customers been more challenging to negotiate with, just trying to get a general sense of your view of the industry right now?
Sean Connolly: Yes Ken, I think this is a really important point and you heard in my comments earlier that it is obvious that retailers and manufacturers are like - are hungry for improved growth, and we believe that the key to that growth is innovation and we also believe that the consumers calculus on value is a lot more than price alone. And in fact now that we are in an inflationary environment as we thought we would be, we do plan to price inflation as we can and thats what I expect we will do going forward and as we do that there are really three things I would want you to keep in mind. One is, our customers understand fully what ConAgra is doing in terms of transforming our brands and our portfolio and they are very supportive of our work to upgrade and contemporize these brands and acknowledge that consumers evaluate a lot more than price point in their value calculus. So our customers are supportive. Frankly, our customers probably historically have compressed their own margins on our businesses too much and they are happy to see our prices and our quality and innovation move north. So thats a positive and we have, I think as good a customer relationship right now as thats certainly we have seen since I have been here. The second thing is, as we think about pricing, in every one of our segments we have brands that offer terrific value price points. So, if we have to take price they will still be a terrific value relative to alternatives specifically because of the brand renovation work that weve been doing.  And then the other point is, I think the point I made, which is when the environment shifts from noninflationary inflationary sometimes you see some growth gross margin volatility in the short term and that is why we focus on the centerline not sure term deviation. So, yes I think pricing to inflation will continue to be a central part of our game plan and thats what we intend to do going forward. In fact, in some of our categories, I think some peanut butter, weve already done that here in the recent months.
Operator: The next question will be from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Could you talk a little bit more about how your promotion efficiency and innovation pipelines are different as you head into fiscal 2018 than a year ago? And in particular you talk about the 3 to 5 point improvement in revenue, I am wondering how much of that is roughly bucketed between these different things, including the SKU reductions? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yeah David, I think if you go back a year, maybe two years, three years certainly, we have moved from being one of the most promotional companies in the food industry to now I think we are probably in the bottom two or three. So our promotional intensity has changed dramatically. We still do a lot of promotion, but it is higher quality promotion, we have better systems in place, we track and examine every single event. Obviously, we are still young at doing that, but we are getting better at that every day, and that is, importantly it is retraining the consumer to buy our products in a non-merchandized condition based on the attractiveness of the benefits they see on the shelf. And that is a critically important notion over time. But certainly that 300 to 500 basis improvement that we are counting on this year is tied heavily to us getting our new innovation into the marketplace. We will continue to weed out items that are either margin dilutive or dont help our brands, but we hope to have net gains and thats what we expect as we launch these new innovations so it will be clearly a net positive. Dave, do you want to add something?
Dave Marberger: Just to add one thing. Our trade productivity target of 100 million in savings through the end of 2017 were about two-thirds of the way through that. So we still expect the benefit as we move forward. We finished fiscal 2017 in the grocery business of about 80 basis points of improvement in pricing, and about 110 basis points of improvement for frozen. So that will still be part of the calculus to grow, but as Sean said, the new products launching and the volume as a big part of it as well.
David Palmer: And just following up on that, when it comes to promotions and the efficiency of them, there is a type of promotion efficiency you can get by having better spend on the dollar. So at some point, particularly as you get your innovation pipeline ramped up are you getting a pipeline and better insights about how you can change the constructs of you promotions such that you can better bank for the buck and better net revenue impact in fiscal 2018?
Sean Connolly: Yes, David that is a center piece of what we are doing and we have invested as we have mentioned before in a number of IT tools, post event analytic tools, trade planning and optimization tools that led us look at all kinds of events by ROI literally at the store level or vent level and its in the simplest notion what you do is you identify the inefficient ones, you do fewer of those, you identify the ones that are much more efficient and you do more of those and it is basically a mix concept, it is a mix improvement and it is delivering improved overall effectiveness and efficiency.
Operator: The next question will be from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey guys, thank you for squeezing me in.
Sean Connolly: Hi Jason.
Dave Marberger: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Congrats on a pretty solid year all around, particularly in a tough environment. Looking forward, I think you shared some color, I am afraid I missed some of the details, so I was hoping you could remind me what you said in terms of expectations for growth by segment. I thought I heard you say, international food service you are going to apply your value to volume approach there, so we should expect some weakness, but did you say that grocery and Refrigerated & Frozen could perhaps return to growth this year?
Sean Connolly: Jason you did hear me correctly. While we dont guide at a segment level, you can gather from my comments that we are expecting meaningful improvement in our US retail businesses overall and that does reflect the upgraded volume base and robust innovation slate. So at a company level though, our sales guidance of minus 2 to flat does imply that 300 to 500 basis point improvement which while a significant trend band is something that we are confident we can deliver and something that we will ride our US Retail Business as hard in order to deliver.
Jason English: Thank you for that clarification. Then one other question on the buy back, first house-keeping, how you do plan to fund it? Anything you can say in terms of cadence of how you expect to stagger at the buy back and then what if anything, does this mean in terms of you ambitions for sizeable M&A if instead you are kind of deploying a lot of capital, a lot more than we expected into share repo this year.
Sean Connolly: Ill tell you what, Jason let me take the M&A question and then Dave you can comment a little bit on our buyback and cadence and things like that. With respect to M&A, obviously weve been very vocal about our belief that acquisitions will contribute be they smaller modernizing deals like Frontera or Dukes or larger more synergistic deals, and as you know we will approach any deals we look at with strategic and financial discipline. If something fits strategically it is actionable and offers a compelling return, we will have fire power and organizational capacity to act. So if a larger synergistic opportunity came out we have the ability to push pause on our buyback program and pursue that deal and our conclusion would be that that is a better way to drive value for our shareholders in that hypothetical scenario. Dave, any specifics on the buyback?
Dave Marberger: Yes, as it relates to the buyback, if you go back to Investor Day Jason, I was very clear about, you know this is our target for buyback assuming no synergistic acquisition, so based on our balanced capital allocation approach if we were to enter in to a large synergistic acquisition that assumption could change. So thats just important to know. In terms of the funding of it, as you saw this year, our cash flow from operations was about $1.1 billion. We anticipate that next year will be in line with that so most of it would be funded from our cash flow operations with a little increase in our debt. So, thats generally - we dont comment on the cadence.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. A couple of questions on the modeling, if I could please, The share repurchase of $1.1 billion, lets say it all got done, what do you think you would do to your net diluted share count, like how much of it is to offset options and some stuff like that? And then if I look at the range of sales guidance, you know negative 2 to 0 and then compare that to the op margin range, is the assumption here that if you were down at negative 2 that your margin would be higher because you would be working towards a specific operating income kind of number, and if so what is that operating income number look like, but by my modeling it kind of implies like of flattish year for operating income for the company? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, so good question. Obviously, we have given a range here, so there is a lot of different outcomes that we could have, just to start with your share count question, assuming we would do to pull buyback, clearly we would have more share dilution and just what we need for management compensation, so you can make an assumption on that and were the weighted average shares would be. In terms of the mix between EPS growth and where we would be from operating profit, as you look we gave a range on our operating margin for next year. And the reason for that is because when you look at the new products being launched and the investment behind that in terms of A&P, we do intend to increase our A&P and we talked about this at Investor Day kind of given where our A&P is at 4.2%, compared to some of the peer companies there is room to grow there. So, we would anticipate some investment increase in investment there, but we want to reserve the right as the year goes on and we look at the new products and the execution what those opportunities would be. So that is clearly part of the dynamic, which would obviously affect operating profit increased during the year depending on what level we would go with our A&P. From an SG&A perspective, as I mention we expect some moderate increase given the acceleration of benefit this year, but we finished this year of 10.3% and we clearly don't anticipate getting back the 10.8% that we talked about at Investor Day. So thats the dynamic obviously from a modeling perspective, you get to look at a lot of different scenarios, but generally thats how we think about it.
Robert Moskow: Thats helpful. Ill pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question will be from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two questions, I could start first with those follow-up just to understand the, you have all the innovation coming in this year, or your incremental innovation coming in, do you still have some of that tale of SKU rationalization thats occurring as well and, just to sort of understand, is innovation back-half loaded and SKUs - rationalization more front end loaded, just to understand kind of the cadence of how sales growth improves during the year?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think, while we don't give quarterly guidance clearly we expect the topline that we're going to deliver to build sequentially as we proceed. With respect to kind of the weeding and feeding process as I will call it, we will continue to do SKU rationalization, recall that, the final 20% of our volume historically accounted for the vast majority of our SKUs and we went a long way towards beginning to rationalize some of that last year, but some of that will continue and is certainly continuing now, but we will - we expect to offset that and grow the business through the introduction of the new higher velocity, higher margin items, and those will really flow in as we move through Q1 and in Q2 and build that distribution through the end of the calendar year. So, I can't give you the exact month-to-month kind of net-net in terms of the weeding and feeding Chris, but thats directionally how to think about it.
Chris Growe: And then maybe quantify that degree of the ongoing sort of SKU rationalization, is that something we should expect going forward, is there larger than usual amount this year?
Sean Connolly: I think we will - as category managers we have always got to do it and you are always going to renovate or at least you should, your brands and your portfolio, so that will be an ongoing peace, but on a going state it is nowhere near the likes of which we have done in this last year, which is really take a significant step forward. It will move into a more normalization rate as we move through this year.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Okay thank you. Sean this is just a very general question for you, any incremental color just basically on the M&A environment in general, I think would be helpful for everyone. You know it really, I feel like over the past few years weve seen descent consolidation obviously within the space, you know over the - I mean, really, year-to-date this year, we're seeing the incremental volume pressure within the industry where a lot of the company is kind of expecting to drive incremental growth through innovation, later in the year. They were hearing all about the pressures and with the retail landscape, were seeing some potential increased consolidation on the retail side. So, I was just curious when you speak to your ability, your firepower willingness to do deals, lets say do you foresee more assets actually coming to market by giving you more options to potentially acquire or at this point, does there seem to be somewhat fine line pipeline?
Sean Connolly: Well it changes every day when you open the newspaper Rob, and certainly if there were an action ability meter out there, the newspaper reporters would have that action, it would make sound like there are more things coming to the market this year than it has been available. My attitude is, I believe it when I see it, but we are always looking and we always cast to widen that and we are very positive about the role that acquisitions can help in our value creation agenda. At the same time, it is our responsibility and shareholders to keep a level head and make sure that what we look at not only fit strategically, but that we are financially disciplined, and we have been, we will continue to be and we will continue to be on the lookout for deals that make good strategic sense and make good financial sense and hopefully there will be some increased action ability moving forward, but we are always ready should that materialize.
Rob Dickerson: Okay great, Ill pass it on.
Operator: The next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone and thanks for the question.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. Can I ask about the main drivers of margin expansion this year, it seems like that you have done a lot of heavy lifting on SKU rationalization and so on, so I'm just curious about what are the big levers there and then the follow-up question and Im not sure you have commented on this yet, but is there likely to be any significant dilutions from the divestments of the Wesson later in the year? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Dave Marberger: Yes Alexia, I will start with the second question first. We are not going to comment at all on any numbers related to Wesson until the deal would actually close. So when that happens we will give more information on that. Regarding your first question, if you look for the year from a gross margin perspective, we were up 180 basis points and thats just as a reminder coming off at 2016 where we were up 260 basis points. So, we have gone from 26.5% gross margins to 30.2% in two years. When you look at 2017 of the 180 basis points improvement, about 50 basis points of that was related to the divestiture of Spicetec and Swank because that is very low margin mid-teens business. In addition to that we still are hitting our realized productivity targets that we talked about at Investor Day, so we are getting great productivity from our supply chain. Inflation was relatively benign in the first half of the year, but we have seen it click up particularly in the fourth quarter as I mentioned earlier, around 2.7%, but all in all weve still had nice improvement in gross margin for the year despite that headwind.
Operator: The next question will be from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, thanks so much for the question. I wanted to - I think last week we hit an all-time low for the BB High Yield Index, you made a comment, I think it was Mark, made a comment about - commented on investment grade rating, so question or follow-up I had, sorry, I think it was Dave rather. Too many conference calls. In your record EBITDA interest coverage this quarter and set up for that next quarter, what drives and trading the stock at the minute trading at something like 16 times what you are guiding for 2020 just on that 10% GPS CAGR, what drives that commitment and to the investment grading, what doesn't make this a kind of unprecedented opportunity to take advantage of that with the affordability that kind of low interest rate gives you and maybe event to term out? And as a follow up if the right deal were to materialize, say if one that would give you a number one market share and a category thats important to you, would you consider being flexible on that or whats your sense of how high debt-to-EBITDA that this company you can handle in your opinion? Thank you.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, so will take the second question first, we dont comment on or speculate about M&A, so obviously we evaluated everything as Sean said, we cast a wide net, and then we evaluate everything based on its strategic merit and then all the financial metrics associated with it. To your first question, clearly we are seeing very attractive markets. The cost of borrowing is very low. We believe and remain committed to investment grade, because it really gives us flexibility to borrow, it keeps our borrowing cost even lower and it gives us access to the commercial paper markets, which are very important for us, very low cost of financing and gives us a lot of flexibility. So, thats what weve committed to and we can continue to make that comment in this environment where we have very low rates all around.
Operator: The next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to follow up on portfolio repositioning and the capital loss carry-forward. I think you mentioned the - using 37% or 38% of it so far, can you explain the math there, because I think you have sold two businesses for a total of, I dont know $700 million, $800 million and so I am not understanding the math of how you get to that much usage of the capital loss carry-forward, maybe Im not understanding it and then more broadly for Sean, I mean, how do you think of value creation when youre divesting assets? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Akshay, let me take the first one. So our capital loss carry-forward was about $4 billion, we are down to about $2.5 billion and there were several kinds of pieces of that. The Spicetec and Swank divestitures we benefitted. There were some parts of the Lamb Weston spin where we utilized it. And then with the Wesson divestiture, even though we havent closed from an accounting perspective as you saw on our release, you account for that now because it is probable that you would use it. Because as you may know, even though it is an asset on our balance sheet we fully reserve for that asset and then we use it, we get the tax benefit that goes through the P&L. So, clearly we have a track of using them as we said, weve utilized 38% to date. So, we feel good about that progress.
Dave Marberger: And Akshay with respect to your second question, when I think about ConAgra and maximizing value I think holistically about reshaping the portfolio. And reshaping the portfolio really consists of three things: One is, strengthening the businesses we already own, and undoing a lot of legacy stuff that weve talked about making them stronger margin for the future. Two is adding new assets to the portfolio that fit strategically with what we do that enhance our growth profile, potentially enhance our margin profile. And third would be surgically letting go of businesses that dont fit what we are doing strategically or are a chronic drag on our top line or a chronic drag on our margin structure or assets that somebody else values more materially than we do. So all those three things in together really comprise the recipe for how were going to maximize value here at ConAgra.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Brian Kearney for his closing remarks.
Brian Kearney: Thank you. As a reminder this conference is being recorded and will be archived online as detailed in our news release. As always, we are available for discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Brands.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-03-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean Connolly - President & CEO Darren Serrao - Chief Growth Officer Dave Marberger - CFO Johan Nystedt - VP Treasury & IR
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Goldman - JP Morgan David Driscoll - Citi Alexia Howard - Bernstein Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs Robert Connor - Credit Suisse Lubi Kutua - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning and welcome to today's Q3 FY '17 ConAgra Brands' Earnings Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Candice Griven, and I will be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode. However, our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your hosts from ConAgra Brands for today's program; Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; Darren Serrao, Chief Growth Officer; Dave Marberger, Chief Financial Officer; and Johan Nystedt, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Nystedt.
Johan Nystedt: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company's directions, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, we'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our Web site at conagrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Johan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. On today's call, I will cover a few highlights from the quarter and touch on the overall progress we are making against our strategic plan. You will also have the opportunity to hear from Darren Serrao, our Chief Growth Officer, who will provide an update on our new innovation pipeline. And finally, our CFO, David Marberger will get into the details of the quarter and our fiscal '17 outlook before we take your questions. In the third quarter, we continued to make good progress reshaping our portfolio, capabilities and culture. This resulted in a solid Q3 performance and sets us up for improved competitiveness for the long term. Importantly, we continued to make strides in improving our margins this quarter, our intense focus on cost control, alongside other important margin levers like pricing, productivity and trade efficiency contributed to our results. Equally important with our progress on innovation, we effectively sold into customers a robust new product slate for fiscal '18, which Darren will speak to in a few minutes. Our team has delivered three solid quarters so far this year and we are now in position to update our full year guidance. We expect EPS to be at or slightly above the high end of our previous range and sales to be at or slightly below the low end of our previous range. Our EPS expectations reflect the beneficial timing of certain costs while our top line expectations reflect the soft near-term macro environment our industry is facing. You previously heard me discuss the importance of our portfolio management principles and how they continue to guide our actions. Specifically, we have moved from a focus on volume at any cost to a focus on value creation from our reliance on trade-driven push tools to a reliance on stronger brands and in turn consumer pull. We're also working to eliminate lower-performing lower-value SKUs that act as a headwind to margins and brand equity building. Additionally, we are implementing a disciplined approach to A&P and innovation which is now more consistent and tied to ROI. We continue to be aggressive at executing LEAN -- not as a project, but as a way of life and a permanent part of our culture. This relentless focus on cost and efficiency is the foundation of our efforts to drive consistently stronger margins and provide the fuel for profitable growth going forward. Complementing our organic efforts is a disciplined approach to M&A. As you saw last week, the next additions to our stable of brands will be Duke's, smoked meat snacks and BIGS seeds. If you aren't familiar with them, Duke's is a fast-growing on-trend premium meat snack brand; BIGS is a line of premium seed snacks and partners with some of America's best-known brands to bring big bowl flavor to seeds. We expect Duke's and BIGS will be terrific closed-in additions to our portfolio because they extend our existing meat snacks and seeds capabilities into faster growing more premium segments. We expect to close this acquisition this summer. Turning to the third quarter performance highlights on Slide 7, excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales were down 4.8% reflecting the beginning of our anticipated improvement and top line trends. Adjusted gross margin increased 180 basis points to 31.6%. This was driven by supply chain productivity, improved pricing, input cost favorability and the divestitures of lower margin businesses. We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $0.48 for the quarter, up 37.1% from the prior year's quarter. This was driven by lower SG&A expenses, lower interest expense and improved profitability in the Ardent Mills joint venture. It's worth-noting that these benefits were partially offset by volume declines and the impact of the divestitures of the Spicetec flavors and seasonings, as well as J.M. Swank businesses in the first quarter. Slide 8 highlights the strong progress we're continuing to make on margin improvement. As compared to Q3 of last year, we have driven 180 basis points of adjusted gross margin improvement behind our pricing and trade promotion discipline and strong supply chain productivity, as well as some input cost favorability and the impact of divestitures. On the right side of the slide, you can see our adjusted operating margin improvements which grew by 300 basis points compared to Q3 of last year. Moving to Slide 9, I am pleased to report that our trade efficiency and SG&A cost reduction programs are squarely on track. On SG&A, we have made enormous progress and Dave will talk more about this in a few minutes. We have meaningfully changed our promotional practices to adjust pricing while investing in improved quality, updated packaging and A&P support. We've also been using a disciplined process to examine the value every SKU delivers to our brand, so that we can eliminate laggards and remove unnecessary complexity and cost. And the value of our supply chain productivity programs is clearly coming through. Overall, our actions have led to stronger and more consistent bottom line performance. But as we've told you previously, we know there is more we can do. We remain focused on continuing to drive the center line of our profitability north over time. Looking ahead, we see no major structural issues that would prevent us from delivering our long term targets and we will continue to chip away at our margin opportunity. While we have been relentless on cost reduction and improving efficiencies in order to build a strong foundation on the bottom line, we know that we can't cut our way to prosperity. We've got to grow, but we've got to grow the right way, which is all about profitable volume growth in a more modern-looking portfolio, relative to where we were. To illustrate the point on value over volume, the left-hand side of Slide 10 shows how we've been willing to walk away from lower ROI promotional activities and thus our incremental volume sales have declined as we anticipated. I would like to note that we began to reduce our alliance on promotions during the middle of last year, so we're in the process of lapping these results. The chart on the right show the steady increase in base sales velocity trends demonstrating that our efforts are working to build a stronger foundation to build from going forward. Simply put, our brands, while leaner, are presenting better and therefore turning better in a non-promoted context. This will continue to progress from here. Overall, our disciplined approach to the top line is beginning to bend the trend. As you can see on Slide 11, our next sales results have begun to improve which we expected. Clearly, the near-term macro environment has softened industry-wide, which has been a bit more of a headwind to our progress than we anticipated, but not in a way that alters our game plan. We remain focused on execution and continual progress. Our process of upgrading the revenue base will give us a strong point from which to grow. That growth will be aided by an exciting innovation slate that Darren will cover now. Darren, over to you.
Darren Serrao: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Although the food sector has been under pressure as growth rates have slowed, we remain convinced that the aggregate performance of the food industry does not reflect the underlying growth opportunities. A more granular view as seen in this graphic reveals significant and accessible pockets where substantially higher growth can be realized. We have taken a series of actions across our portfolio in order to reach these opportunity areas including the creation of the demand-based innovation and M&A program. These efforts that helped us build a revitalized and extensive innovation pipeline which we expect to begin shipping into the market beginning this summer. Before I get into the innovation, I'd like to spend the moment on our portfolio segmentation because it guides much of what we do, including resource allocation from A&P, to M&A, to innovation. You'll recall that this work assesses the relative potential of the categories and brands by considering category momentum on one access and brand momentum on the other. Together, the two accesses provide four distinct quadrants of performance, each with their own unique challenges and opportunities. As you'll see, our innovation pipeline aligns well to the overall segmentation priorities. However, you'll even see some innovation in the reliable contributor's quadrant reflecting an opportunity to continue to modernize strategically important brands that have been previously neglected. We have successfully leveraged innovation to modernize and extend the Healthy Choice brand upmarket, segmenting our business across the good, better, best continuum, not only moves existing consumers to more premium offerings, but introduced these younger consumers to the brand through these more contemporary products. You can see the shift occurring from the classic dinner's business, to cafe steamers, and from cafe steamers to simply steamers. In fiscal '18, we will take the next step in migrating this brand upmarket through the introduction of new range of products that we're calling Power Bowls. These new Power Bowls reflect more contemporary food values and packed more ingredient diversity and density into each meal. We've combined antibiotic-free [indiscernible] proteins, ancient grains, vegetables and dark leafy greens with pulses and seeds in a variety of delicious and bold flavors -- all of which is served up in a bowl made from plant-based fibers. Our customers have responded very positively to this new line up and we're looking forward to the launch this summer. Although banquet resides in the reliable contributor quadrant, we're continuing to modernize and premiumize it to improve its brand relevance, category competitiveness and performance at shelf. This work began last year with a broad-based restage of the brand. You'll recall that that restage significantly enhanced the taste and quality of banquet meals while enabling higher price realization and margins. In fiscal '18, we will restage the mega meals line and introduce a new range of mega bowls to create a premium tier of contemporary protein-packed meals. Mega meals are larger than the classic banquet meals with substantially more protein and mega bowls adds contemporary fast casual restaurant-style options like buffalo chicken, mac n' cheese and chicken fajita bowls. Although we continue to modernize and premiumize banquet, we continue to maintain banquet's role as a value meal within the category. The recent acquisition of Frontera Foods gives us a strong brand within the high growth territory of gourmet Mexican cuisine. The business founded by Chef Rick Bayless has been experiencing strong growth over the past three years and is firmly rooted in salsas and sauces. However, starting this summer, we expect to begin shipping two new extensions of the Frontera brand into the frozen meals category. As shown here, we've worked with Rick to create these authentic gourmet Mexican meals in both single-served bowls and multi-served skillet. While I don't have time today to review all the innovation that we escalated for fiscal '18, I want to be clear. We believe in our brands, in our discipline in demand-centric innovation program and in our ability to drive profitable growth across the portfolio. We're just getting started so there's a lot more on the works for the years ahead. Thank you and I will turn it back to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Darren. Turning to Slide 18, as we move through the remainder of fiscal 2017 and beyond, we will continue to execute against our portfolio management principles. As we discussed earlier, we're now lapping last year's pricing actions and expect to see further improvement in our top line trends while we continue to expand our margins. Our innovation progress is also accelerating and we expect to see our new products begin to hit the market in early fiscal 2018. Again, we will continue to chip away at the gross margin opportunity while we deliver profitable growth. Finally, we will continue to look for opportunities to reshape our portfolio. This could include exiting brands in an efficient manner and using our tax asset. We expect it will also include continuing to enhance our current portfolio to a disciplined approach to M&A. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are pleased with the progress we're making. We're confident that the strategy we have in motion is the right one to drive improved consistency in our performance and profitability while delivering long term value for our shareholders. Now before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to thank our talented and dedicated ConAgra Brands employees who continue to embrace change and execute our strategy while doing a tremendous job at serving our customers. With that, Dave, over to you.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I want to note some key points related to our basis of presentation. Lamb Weston and the related joint ventures have been reclassified as discontinued operations starting in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. The commercial reporting segment for the third quarter and ongoing will have no current operating results. It will only include the historical results, the Spicetec and J.M. Swank businesses we divested in the first quarter of 2017. References to adjusted items refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability and a reconcile to the closest GAAP measure and tables that are included in the earnings release and presentation deck. The Spicetec and J.M. Swank businesses are included in the historical results and are not called out as items impacting comparability. As you can see on Slide 19, reported net sales for the third quarter were down 9.9% compared to a year ago. Net sales excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange were own 4.8% for the third quarter, which is an improvement from the first half of 2017, which was down 5.8% versus the prior year as Sean just mentioned. Adjusted gross profit dollars were down 4.4% versus the third quarter a year ago. Of the 4.4% decline, 2.6 percentage points were from the profit that left the business with the sales of Spicetec and J.M. Swank in the first quarter of 2017. The remaining decline was from lower volume and unfavorable FX, partially offset by the gross margin rate improvement. Adjusted gross margin was 31.6% in the third quarter, an increase of 180 basis points compared to a year ago. Approximately 80 basis points of this improvement came from divesting the lower margins Spicetec and J.M. Swank businesses. The remaining increase came from supply chain input cost reductions and productivity gains and improvements in pricing and trade efficiency. These gross margin gains were partially offset by unfavorable sales mix and unfavorable FX due to the weakening of the Mexican peso. Adjusted operating profit increased 9.3% due to the large reduction in SG&A, which more than offset the gross profit dollar decline. I will discuss the SG&A in more detail shortly. Importantly, adjusted operating margin was 16.8% for the third quarter, up 300 basis points from the third quarter a year ago. This is the third consecutive quarter of adjusted operating margin improvement of plus 300 basis points versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS was $0.48 for the third quarter, up 37.1% from the prior year due to significant SG&A reductions, lower interest expense due to the significant reduction in debt and an increase in equity earnings driven by favorable third quarter performance in the Ardent Mills joint venture. Slide 20 shows the drivers of our third quarter net sales change versus a year ago. Net sales excluding divestitures and FX were down 4.8%. Volume declines contributed 5.5 points of the decrease, partially offset by a 70 basis point improvement in price mix. As highlighted on Slide 21 and as Sean mentioned, we continue to improve both our gross margins and operating margins. Both Q3 and year-to-date third quarter have delivered improved margins driven by our relentless focus on SG&A, supply chain input cost reductions and operating productivity. We are also driving favorable pricing and trade productivity to supplement our improvement. I will discuss our outlook for both adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating margins shortly. Slide 22 highlights our continued strong SG&A performance. These results began with the restructuring we started in fiscal year 2016 and continue because of our growing culture of LIN everyday everywhere. Note that this chart represents adjusted SG&A excluding ANP expense. ANP is included as part of SG&A on the phase of the financial statements. Adjusted SG&A was $202 million in the third quarter, down 21% versus a year ago. SG&A was down $183 million or 24% year-to-date. In the third quarter, we continue to benefit from timing on certain SG&A expenses, which are mostly related to open headcount, along with some nonrecurring favorability in the area outside the services. The SG&A reductions are on-track to deliver the total targeted savings of $200 million by the end of fiscal year 2017 and we are very pleased with our overall performance as we are realizing our cost-savings goals a bit faster than we planned. Moving to Slide 23, this chart outlines the drivers of adjusted EPS improvement from $0.35 in the third quarter a year ago, to $0.48 this quarter, a 37% increase. As we expected, the EPS impact of the 5.5% volume decline was mostly offset by the adjusted gross margin rate improvement of 180 basis points. As I mentioned previously, we obtained approximately 80 basis points of improvement by divesting the lower margins by Spicetec and J.M. Swank businesses. The remaining gross margin improvement came from supply chain input cost reductions and productivity gains. Pricing and trade productivity partially offset by unfavorable sales mix and unfavorable FX. As I just discussed, SG&A reductions are on track and contributed $0.07 of earnings per share improvement this quarter. EPS improvement was also driven by lower interest expense in the third quarter of approximately $31 million versus the prior year driven by a $2.5 billion reduction in debt from the end of fiscal year 2016 to the end of the third quarter 2017. EPS also benefited from lower weighted average shares outstanding due to the repurchase of approximately $15 million of our shares through the end of the third quarter. The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 31.5%. This tax rate was favorable to our estimates primarily from tax benefits generated upon the exercise of employee stock compensation awards. Slide 24 highlights our net sales and adjusted operating profit by reporting segment. In our grocery and snack segment, net sales were $850 million for the quarter, down 5%, reflecting a 5% decline in volume. Twice and trade productivity contributed 50 basis points of net sales improvement, but this was offset by unfavorable sales mix. Adjusted operating profit was $212 million for the third quarter, an increase of 8%. The increase in adjusted operating profit reflects continued progress on gross margin expansion and reduced SG&A cost, partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. In our refrigerated and frozen segment, net sales were $666 million for the quarter, down 6% reflecting a 6% decline in volume. Twice and trade productivity contributed 90 basis points of net sales improvement. This was offset by price reductions in our pass through brands and unfavorable sales mix. Adjusted operating profit was $128 million for the third quarter, up 5% versus the prior year period. The increase reflects continued progress on SG&A cost and gross margin expansion efforts that were partially offset by volume declines and the impact of benefits in the third quarter a year ago from higher Avian flu related volume and sales for egg beaters. Our egg beater product supply was not impacted by the Avian flu outbreak last year, creating a sales opportunity. The negative impact on the change at adjusted operating profit in the third quarter this year versus the prior year from the decline in egg beaters was approximately 5 percentage points. In our international segment, net sales were $205 million for the quarter, down 3%. This reflects a 4% decline in volume, a 3% improvement in price mix and a negative 2% impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted segment operating profit was $18 million for the third quarter, up 7% driven primarily by favorable pricing and lower SG&A expenses. In our food service segment, net sales were $260 million for the quarter, down 3% as a result of exiting a non-core food service snack business. Adjusted operating profit was $28 million in the third quarter, which was flat versus a year ago. As mentioned earlier, there were no sales or adjusted operating profits in the commercial segment this quarter given the Spicetec and J.M. Swank divestitures in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted corporate expenses were $53 million for the third quarter, down 23% versus a year ago, reflecting the benefits from our cost savings efforts. Slide 25 summarizes select cash flow and balance sheet information for the third quarter fiscal year 2017 versus the year ago period and versus 2016 year end. We ended the third quarter with $3 billion of total debt and approximately $700 million of cash on hand. This results in net debt of approximately $2.3 billion with no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Year-to-date through the third quarter, total debt was reduced by approximately $2.5 billion. As we have stated in the past, we remained committed to an investment-grade credit rating for the business. Net cash flow from continuing operations was $804 million year-to-date third quarter versus $274 million for the same period a year ago. This significant increase was driven by an increase in income from operations, benefits from the timing of tax payments, and very strong working capital improvement in the areas of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, given our strong focus on managing working capital as a source of cash. We had capital expenditures of $159 million through the third quarter of this year versus $171 million in the comparable period a year ago. We are in-line with our internal targets for capital spending. IN Q3, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share to shareholders of record as of October 31, 2016. This record date was before the spinoff of Lamb Westin. As previously announced, the board of directors approved its first dividend since the completion of the spinoff at the quarterly rate of $0.20 per share. During the third quarter, we purchased approximately $11 million shares of stock at the cost of approximately $425 million. Year-to-date third quarter, we repurchased approximately 50 million shares of stock at a cost of $595 million. At the third Q3 run rate for our share repurchase activity; we would expect to reach our previously announced fiscal 2017 target of repurchasing $1 billion of company stock in the fourth quarter. In addition, I would like to note the following items. Advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $91 million, down 3% versus the prior year. Advertising and promotion is a percentage of net sales was approximately 4.6% for the third quarter, up from 4.3% a year ago. Equity method investment earnings were $22 million for the current quarter, up $13 million versus the prior year, due to the improved performance of the company's Ardent Mills joint venture. Net interest expense was $46 million in the third quarter versus $76 million a year ago, a decrease of 40% due to the significant pay down of debt through the third quarter of 2017. For the third quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales by $4 million and operating profit by $300,000 versus the year ago quarter. I will now summarize the items affecting EPS comparability for the third quarter, which we exclude from our adjusted financial measures. We incurred restructuring expenses totaling $14 million or $0.02 of EPS. We executed a pension settlement approximating $14 million or $0.02 of EPS. We retired high interest senior debt resulting in expensive $33 million or $0.05 of EPS and finally we recognized the tax benefit related to foreign tax incentives in our Ardent Mills joint venture. You can see more detail in this morning's release. Slide 26 summarizes our full year fiscal 2017 financial outlook, which have been updated from the initial outlook we provided at Investor Day in October. As we communicated as Investor Day, that outlook was based upon a pro forma fiscal year 2016 P&L base which excluded the Lamb Westin and J.M. Swank and Spicetec results, and it also excluded any estimated impacts from FX. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be at or slightly above high end of the $1.65 to $1.70 range we previously shared. Net sales excluding the impacts of divestitures and foreign exchange are expected to be at or slightly below the low end of the range of down 4% to 5%. Adjusted gross margin is expected to be within the previously provided range of 30.4% to 30.6%, and adjusted operating margin is expected to be slightly above the previously provided range of 15.3% to 15.5%. So in summary, ConAgra Brands continues to make progress executing our strategic plan. We are upgrading our volume base. Gross margins are expanding and our SG&A cost reduction program is progressing well. Our balance sheet is strong and gives us the flexibility to evaluate acquisition opportunities to drive share owner value. And our updated outlook for fiscal year 2017 continues to support the progress we have made year-to-date. Thank you. This concludes my formal remarks. Sean, Darren Serrao, Tom McGough and I will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Sean Connolly: All right. For those of you who are still on the line, we just learned we've been having some technical difficulties and some of our audience has not been able to hear. We are going to go ahead and proceed with Q&A, hoping that the folks who are in the queue for Q&A can get their questions through and we'll stay the course here and see if we can get this done. Let's open it up to Q&A, Operator.
Operator: Thank you. Now we'd like to get to an important part of today's call, taking your questions. [Operator Instructions] It looks like our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Darren Serrao: Hey, Andrew.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess just two things. First, it's obviously good to see the base velocity accelerating as you've pointed out for a couple of quarters, but obviously, ConAgra is still losing overall distribution points -- much of which I know was by choice -- even though you've begun to lap these actions. I guess is it that you're finding a greater amount of ineffective SKUs than you initially thought so that you're still reducing it? I'm really trying to get a better sense of I guess how much more we have to go on distribution points until we start to see the velocity begin to show through more fully in the top line? Is this also as implications obviously for how we think about organic sales in fiscal '18?
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, let me tackle that. We're not going to get into fiscal '18 this quarter. We'll tackle that next quarter, but on TPDs, as we've talked before, a lot of this is exactly what we've been planning to do. Let's put the volume in its proper perspective. We are fundamentally rewiring a 100-year-old company here for higher margins better growth prospect, and that wasn't going to be done without unwinding some legacy practices. If you think about what we've done so far this year, we've materially reduced our reliance on promotion, we've raised prices, we pruned low value skews as you pointed out and we essentially pushed pause on launching new items so we could begin the heavy-lifting of rebuilding our innovation pipeline based on new analytics and Darren showed you some of that work today, which will hit the shelves next year. The upshot of all of this is that our top line is pretty close to what we anticipated with perhaps a bit more challenging recent environment across the industry, tied to some of the transitory dynamics that have been discussed. But the bottom line is we are making very good progress overall in this company for better margins and stronger brands going forward and we will continue to look for progressive improvement on the top line.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then on SG&A, I think it has been a couple of quarters now where you've been looking for the spending to kick in the coming quarter and it's gotten pushed off and I think some of that as you mentioned was open headcount and things like that. Is that spending that then, you do expect to kick in during 4Q or hit 2018, or we're now at a structurally lower point from a relative SG&A standpoint.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew. We do have some plumbings. We have opened headcount and we will continue to fill those. We will see an uptake as we get into Q4 and into F'18. But having said that, we feel very good about how quickly we were able to cut the cost and that we're going to hit our target earlier than we expected, but there will be some increase into Q4 as we fill some of the headcount.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move now with Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. Just to follow up on Andrew's question. I appreciate that there will be some incremental spending in 4Q in the SG&A line. But if you look at the implied margin for the fourth quarter, it's not really much above I guess by my math, you'll be 13.5% or so. It's really up less than 100 basis points year-on-year. But to your point, the operating margins up over 400 basis points due to the first three quarters. Are there any other headwinds we should be aware of as we think of the fourth quarter? Are you spending a lot behind the new product launches? I know not everything has been totally restated, just feels a little bit conservative to me and just trying to get a better sense of maybe why that is?
Sean Connolly: Ken, we've got some spend in the fourth quarter and this is part of you've got to see it's going to split across fiscal years, but some of our new item introduction costs do hit right around the end of the fiscal year, beginning of the new fiscal year. So that's one of the variables that we were dealing with right now. It's why we gave the guidance the way we gave it on the top line. It didn't try to tread the needle any more closely. But this will be our typical going forward new item timing, where we'll talk about our upcoming innovations in Q3, we will shoot to get some of that out the door and incur some of the startup cost in Q4. But some of that also typically would be lead across fiscal years. So that's where you don't want to get overly precise, but that is our launch window.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then Sean, you may have talked about this. I missed the first maybe 15 minutes or so of the presentation because of the technical difficulties, but like many of you as food companies, your shipments came in ahead of Nielsen and there has been a lot of speculation about maybe why this is happening. I was just curious for your take within ConAgra. What are you seeing? Are there any non-measured channels maybe picking up steam in the less few months? Just trying to get a better understanding of where that gap is coming from.
Sean Connolly: There has clearly been a shift to non-measured channels, Ken, but I wouldn't put it all on the last few months. Obviously this is a hot topic in our industry right now around the recent softening of consumption. The way I think about what we've seen recently is that it's largely driven by transitory dynamics, like for example, the tax refund timing notion that has been widely discussed and even the warmer winter, we're not particularly exercised about those transitory drivers. What we are focused on is this simple notion that's old as the hills and that is the fact that consumer behaviors in case are perpetually changing with the obvious implication being that if we want to be a high performing branded company, we need to evolve with them and that's what we're doing. We have conducted an analysis as to what's going on with our consumer. We see clear shifts toward things like healthier, more convenient meals, things like more snacking and more shopping to your point and unmeasured channels; as well as things like more multi-cultural consumers. We're tracking all this. We're also interestingly seeing that the foods that are growing are premium-priced relative to those that are declining, meaning interestingly, quality is an important consideration in the consumer calculus around value, not just price. So these findings, whether it's non-measured channels or other things, it's informing our innovation and go to market agenda. The way I think about it is in terms of the macro issues you're seeing; these are not what some might call [indiscernible] times. These are times that companies like ours need to be externally focused on innovation and that's what we're doing.
Operator: We'll move now to David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning.
Dave Marberger: Hey, David.
David Driscoll: Great. Glad you can hear me. I had that same difficulties the others had. I'd like to ask two questions. The first one, it will pick up the thread from Andrew and asking about the revenues, but I just wanted to be specific to the fourth quarter. I think the implying numbers here or something like minus 3 to minus 3.5 year-to-date revenues are down about 6. Can you just call out the factors in Q4 that you expect to occur, such that the sales declines moderate in accordance with how you've given the guidance?
Sean Connolly: Yes. You may have missed it in the presentation, David. I apologize for the technical difficulties. What you saw in Q3 was the beginning of a trend-bend on the top line. We expect that to continue. We may have some above-the-line sliding expenses in Q4 tied to new items, but we're beginning to see the trend bend and we just anticipate that's going to continue as we get some of our new items in the marketplace as we wrap more of some of the stuff in the year-ago period. That's what we expect and that's what's implied on our guidance. Dave?
Dave Marberger: Yes. It's Dave. Just to clarify your point, you're right. The guidance implies that for the fourth quarter, sales will be down 3.5% to get the down 5% for the year. As we said down 5% or slightly below, that's where there could be a little bit of difference there. But as Sean said, we're going to continue to bend the trend, but that's how you get to the number.
David Driscoll: And then specifically in terms of the new products -- because there's a lot coming -- the pipeline fill for these new products will occur in the first fiscal quarter of next year, or will you catch some of it in the fourth quarter?
Sean Connolly: I think bulk of it will be next year, David.
David Driscoll: Last question for me as input cost. Clearly, it's been very favorable for you. Can you just -- and apologies if you did quantify it -- but can you quantify fiscal '17 input cost where it's coming in and can you just give us any thoughts just looking forward? Again, what I'm really getting after here is input. You call it out as one of your top factors. Just want to get a sense from you on what longevity can input cost have for the company?
Dave Marberger: David, so as we've said at the Investor Day for fiscal year '17, we expected our inflation to be about 1% for the year. That is what we're seeing. If you look at the gross margin improvement this quarter, up 180 basis points or 110 if you exclude the divestiture. A good percentage of that was driven by overall supply chain productivity which includes input costs reduction. We feel really good about this year. We're in the process of putting together fiscal year '18, so next quarter; we'll give more specific guidance as it relates to next year. But for this year, that 1% is what we're seeing and that's a big part of what's helping drive the [indiscernible] ability in gross margin.
Operator: We'll hear now from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Can I ask about the promotional spending? It seems as though you started off this process really trying to clear out some of the ineffective promotional spending and obviously, SKU reductions as well. We're hearing from others that retailers at the beginning of this year are kind of asking for sharper priced points, more reinvestment back in promotion. Are you seeing any of that and are you seeing retailers push the private label side of things a little harder this year? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Thanks, Alexia. On the private label piece, first of all, obviously, that is a category-by-category dynamic. Fortunately in our categories on average, we don't have huge private label development so it tend to be less of a factor for us. In terms of the promotional environment, clearly we have cut back materially on our promotional activities, but you got to put it in perspective. That's relative to an excessively promotional posture as a company. We still do plenty of promoting; we still have a large trade budget. It's just more efficient and it's more practical than it was historically. So to the degree that we need to be competitive in our categories on promotion -- we are -- we're just not out over our SKU as much as we were historically. It's not been an abandon in any way, shape or form of promotion. Promotion plays a role and it obviously plays a different role on different categories, but it's been more of a right-sizing of the way we promote particularly around depth of promotion and at some brands, it's a frequency issue as well. There are still plenty of promotion out there. There are customers who continue to have more of a promotional strategy than perhaps others. That tends to be on average [indiscernible] a little bit, but it's still out there and some of those are regional dynamics.
Alexia Howard: Great. Just as a follow up, you mentioned an interest in pursuing acquisition opportunities and I think you've said this for some time now. How rich is the environment in terms of the opportunities out there? Can you just remind us of what the key criteria are financially for those?
Sean Connolly: Clearly, M&A will be a part of our playbook. Whether it's small or modernizing acquisitions like Frontera, or Duke's, or larger synergistic acquisitions. As we weigh these moves, we will be disciplined strategically and financially. In terms of the environment and when we might make an acquisition, it really depends upon the situation, but certainly, if a value-creating opportunity were to emerge, we've got the balance sheet and the organizational capacity to act.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll move now to Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much. I appreciate the question. A simple question. I don't expect you to give us gross margin by segment, but if you could give us some flavor for how, the means by which you're coping with the volume deleverage in refrigerated, and frozen, and grocery, just those segments particularly with 5% or 6% volume declines -- and yet you're beating at the profit line, how much of that is coping with that with manufacturing productivity and how much of that is on the SG&A side because I'm trying to figure what inning you are in this journey. Maybe if you could tell us how that's working right now, it might give us a better sense. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Jon, both the SG&A programs that we've been working and our productivity programs and the supply chain have been critical to us, being able to expand our margins and being able to offset absorption issues. But one of the benefits we've had a company which may be a bit different from what you see elsewhere in the industry is we plan for this volume reductions. We plan for pull back and promotion, we plan for SKU rationalization. So our supply chain team in particular has been out way ahead of this from day one, looking for ways to take out cost so that we could offset the deleveraging associated with walking away from this low-quality volume that was embedded in our base. I tip my hat to them because they have done nothing short of an extraordinary job. So we're putting a pretty significant dent in this overall effort this fiscal year and I think we are doing what as I've said before, it may not be pretty optically, but if you're ConAgra and you want to get to what we're all trying to get to which is a higher margin stronger growth profile company, you have to go through these moves. You can't get there without taking this course and our supply chain team has done an outstanding job in helping us navigate it this year.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move now to Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you. Just come back, I guess on Q4 in SG&A and the incremental spend. I guess in line with Andrew and Ken's questions, just in terms of how much incremental you would expect to spend given you said it's toward the very end of the fiscal year. Is this a year-over-year increase on advertising of $20 million or $30 million? Is this a substantial step up or not that much? Again, it's really just trying to reiterate a wider questioning around how much we really should expect this or how much incremental spend should we expect to see in Q4 given the margin guidance? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Rob, maybe what would be most helpful is just to describe what we're going through. As we reset this company, redesigned their organization and we also moved geographies, we created some vacancies and then fully recognizing that we are building new capabilities around insights, innovation, integrated margin management, et cetera, and that we would need to bring in some folks who are exquisitely skilled in these areas that we call differentiating capabilities. We are very particular in terms of who we bring on to our team. We are very patient to get the right people on the bus and we have operated that way this year, which is why we have lived with some of these vacancies, but we continue to hire people and continue to bring new people in. That's going to continue in Q4. It's a directional thing. It's more of a small migration than I would say -- any kind of use the word rebate -- so I wouldn't think in that regard at all.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then as we think about '18, it seems like you're obviously by the end of this fiscal year that you're then at a point or you've been more comfortable with overhead is. I think the original guidance over the next few years was that SG&A's percentage of sales would essentially be flat, so obviously it's more of the top line operating leverage and gross margins toward off of '17. That flattish SG&A as the percentage of sales for '18 that [indiscernible] completely rational.
Dave Marberger: Rob, we'll get into more granularity on our next call for '18. We did at Investor Day say that SG&A as a percentage of sales would be flat over the three-year horizon. It's 10.8%, so we're obviously more favorable to that year-to-date as a percentage of net sales. So as we close the fourth quarter and then look forward, we'll give you more detail on that '18, but generally, that's the way we're looking at it, yes.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow up on balance sheet, M&A, buy back. I know you virtually said $1 billion ASR for the year, I'm assuming that's on track or you're on track to complete that to Q4 would be the balance of what's left. That's one; and two, just leverage now was trailing 12 months is about four quarters is about 1.5x net debt. As we think forward into acquisitions, I know you want them to be value-added ROIC creative, etcetera. But should we be thinking more of what we've seen so far? Like a number of smaller growth year acquisitions to help you leverage your current capacity and supply chain? Or you're potentially open to whatever great value, big or small?
Dave Marberger: Well, let me take the first part of that and I could pass it to Sean. As it relates to the share repurchase -- it is not an ASR, by the way, its open-market -- so year-to-date, we've repurchased about 50 million shares of stock at about $600 million. With the run rate that we've seen for Q3, we'd expect to reach our previously announced part of the billion dollars for the fiscal '17 in the fourth quarter. That's where we are and you can see the details in the earnings release. Sean?
Sean Connolly: On your M&A question, Rob, at Investor Day, we talked about two kinds of acquisitions we're open to modernizing acquisitions which are still more on trend brands like some of what you've seen us do. We also talked about larger synergistic acquisitions that would have more financial impact near term. I don't want to apply in any way that our strategy deals one way or the other and that is a string of pearl strategy and you said it's not. We're open to both and either side of that ledger makes sense for us and whether or not there's actionability in a way that makes sense financially for us. So we've got to be in a position of readiness or either kinds of deals and I feel like we are should the right opportunities emerge. In the most recent case with Pinacci [ph] Foods, it happened to be a modernizing acquisition.
Operator: We'll move now to Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks. One more on the M&A environment. I guess for Sean and Dave, both. On the larger synergistic deals, just curious, does the uncertainty around corporate tax reform in the effect that it's dragging on here present any significant hurdles as you've potentially try and have discussions about that size of transaction in a disciplined way?
Dave Marberger: Hey, Matt. When we look at acquisitions, we start with the strategic rational. So if you're talking about a synergistic acquisition, we're going to go through our acquisition criteria to make sure it makes sense strategically and then obviously all the financial metrics makes sense. Like every other company, we are all looking at what's on the table right now in terms of potential tax reform. Obviously there's nothing solid-right. So all you can do is scenario-plan, but that is clearly not driving what we're thinking about for acquisitions. It starts with strategy and financial hurdles and then we just look at scenarios and how it could impact acquisitions as we move forward.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Great, thanks, Dave. I'm not sure if you can give any sort of guidance or additional color here, but just on the performance of Ardent Mills in the near term outlook there, Q3 was pretty significantly improved over anything we've seen for the past 12-15 months. Should we take that as a sign that the worst of the issues that you're facing in the milling industry are now in the past? Or will there continue to be some volatility there over the next few quarters?
Dave Marberger: I think despite nature, there is some volatility in that industry, but if you look at Ardent Mills for the third quarter, we had a very solid third quarter -- the volumes increased, they took advantage of market opportunities to build share and they're recognizing operating efficiency with the plans which a year ago they were actually investing in their infrastructure. So we're seeing some of that pay off. So, pleased with the progress they're making for sure.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: We'll move now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Like many, I missed some of the prepared remarks and perhaps I missed this, but top line, I know there's been a bit of a drag from some of your past few categories and allowing the overall mixed benefits of your innovation and then net price benefits, the trade spend shine through fully. Is it safe to assume that that was still a drag this quarter? If so, can you give a sense of maybe how big it's been and what the floor looks like? When we can expect maybe some of that pressure from our optics and top line to abate?
Sean Connolly: Let me start, Jason, with as you look at the quarter, overall, we had that 70 basis points of priced mix benefit as a company, really coming from our international business and price increases that we took there in the last quarter. If you look at both grocery and snacks and refrigerated frozen and you peel the onion back, we did have price realization benefits in both of those segments. So we had 50 basis points of price benefit in grocery and snacks in 90 basis points from refrigerated-frozen. We did have some offsets related to mix and that really just comes down to that certain items had a higher average net sales per unit than the average. That's really a timing thing for the third quarter. We feel really good about the progress we're making in both our pricing and our trade efficiency and we are seeing that this quarter may have, too, a little bit by the mix, but that's a timing thing.
Jason English: Okay, that's helpful. And then higher order. First, you guys deserve some kudos, congratulations, for navigating this transition so well from a bottom line perspective. It's been impressive to see the EBIT growth continue in the phase to some of the top line transitions. I think a lot of the questions have gotten around the idea of sort of what's next. You're running pretty hard on productivity, you're delivering quite well, you're delivering fast from expected, but the top line turns are probably going to take a little bit longer to get there and I guess during that some of us have is that maybe we enter a bit of a pause period where the top line is not quite there and the productivity well is dripping out a little bit less. It's hard without being able to talk about guidance, but can you give us a sense, sort of higher level of whether or not you think those are reasonable concerns, or whether as you look at the productivity, you still think you have ample fuel to navigate through this transition?
Sean Connolly: Jason, I feel really good about where we are. We'll obviously get into specific guidance next time, but just principally, if you think about it, when you reset your top line for a higher quality foundation, it ought to be just that. It ought to be a higher quality foundation from which you can build. And then when you initiate a new innovation program like the one that we've really mobilized and some of you got to see it [indiscernible] and you layer it on top of that stronger foundation where you've taken out a lot of the things that were holding you back previously, I think it sets you up for success. That's why we at our Investor Day gave the long term top line algorithm that we did. We believe that what we're doing this fiscal year is essential in terms of creating a foundation off of which to build and what we're doing in Darren's area with the growth center of excellence is an important investment so we can actually lay those bricks on top of that stronger foundation. Our supply chain team has been doing an outstanding job of delivering productivity for years now and as Dave Biegger pointed out at our Investor Day, we anticipate additional benefits in realized productivity going forward as part of our program. You put all that together and I think ConAgra remains a very compelling investment for our investors and we've got a very solid shareholder value creation potential here.
Operator: And we'll now hear from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Connor: Good morning. Thank you for the question. This is Robert Connor on for Rob Moskow. Just a quick clarifying question. You talked a lot about the innovation rolling out in the first quarter 2018. Are you actually expecting your advertising budget to increase for 2018?
Sean Connolly: Well, we're not giving guidance for 2018 today, but I have spoken on market many times about how I think about our A&P spend. These are the some other companies I work for. Our A&P budget, I think it's very robust. It's competitive and we've been in the mid fours. It's not the kind of A&P rate that in my mind require some kind of A&P rebate. Now what we have been doing on A&P though is trying to get more effective and efficient within our existing expense. Darren's team has a very aggressive program to ship more of our A&P budget from non-working dollars to working dollars. That is happening very effectively and then within the working dollars, we are changing the way we use A&P. Not only are we very disciplined in which brands we apply it to, but we're much more digital, social today than traditional TV. The mix of marketing tools that we use is different, it's more effective. The net of all of this is I feel like our overall A&P level is about right while it continues to get more effective.
Robert Connor: Thanks.
Operator: We'll now move to Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Lubi Kutua: Good morning. This is actually Lubi on for Akshay and I apologize if you've already addressed this, but I did have some of those same technical issues that some people are experiencing. But just wanted to ask a question on sales. When do you expect to fully lap the portfolio repositioning efforts that you guys are doing and how soon do you think we might be given to see positive sales growth for the total company [indiscernible]. Just related to that, if you can talk a little bit about what the drivers of that potential sales growth might be, whether it's primarily innovation-driven or something else? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Lubi, we're not going to give guidance in terms of sales next year or by quarter. But what I do want to point out -- I've said this before -- is that as you think about a big part of what we've been doing is walking away from deep discount promotions. Promotional activities are long LEAD time planning items with customers. So there's not one given quarter where we lap it and it's over. It varies by customer. Some customers have their event flocked in out farther into the future than others. So we'll continue to tight rate-off of these types of superhot deals and that will go on for a while until we get it out of our base. But obviously, a lot of the heavier lifting in that regard will be behind us as we exit this year. We still have certain customers and certain regions on certain SKUs, who even this past year have done deeper discount deals and we'll navigate our way out of those over time. That's kind of a principle point around how this thing unfolds. In terms of the building blocks to aid and improve top line, one, is to get some of the weaker businesses out of our base to create a more stable foundation; and two, is to begin to really reengage the consumer to shop our brand off of the shelf based on the merits of the brands, not based on the depth of the discount on deal. You're seeing that begin to happen already. As you look at the velocities on base that we're seeing today, they are higher and what that really is indicating is that we are succeeding in reconditioning our consumer, the shopper, to re-experience our brand in a whole price non-merchandized condition and when you then layer on top of that new marketing and new innovation, we think that's the right way to run a branded portfolio.
Lubi Kutua: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then if I could ask a question on guidance. I think you've mentioned that your revised outlook, there are some timing, there are some benefit related to timing of certain cost. Can you elaborate a little bit on what exactly those costs are and what's causing the timing issue? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes. That was related to our SG&A and as we mentioned, that our SG&A is very favorable and that has been planned, but we've had some additional favorability, primarily from open headcount. We're filling a lot of positions and we're in the process of doing that. So as we continue to fill them, more those cost will come in Q4 and into next year. That's really what we're referring to there.
Lubi Kutua: Okay, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Nystedt, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Johan Nystedt: Well, thank you and apologies again for the technical difficulties we had. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. As always available... [Call ends abruptly]

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-12-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Johan Nystedt - VP, Treasury & Investor Relations Sean Connolly - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Marberger - Chief Financial Officer Tomas McGough - President of ConAgra Brands Dave Biegger - EVP and Chief Supply Chain
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Weill Cornell - Citigroup David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Bernstein Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs Lubi Kutua - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to todays ConAgra Brands Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Gerry, and I will be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. At this time, Id like to introduce your host from ConAgra Brands for todays program; Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; Dave Marberger, Chief Financial Officer; and Johan Nystedt, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Nystedt.
Johan Nystedt: Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Companys directions, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our estimated results, perhaps materially, Ill refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found on our Web site at conagrabrands.com/investor-relations. Now, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Johan. Good morning, everyone, happy holidays. And thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2017 conference call. Were excited to be with you this morning for our first call as ConAgra Brands, with the spin-off of Lamb Weston successfully behind us we have embarked on a new era as a branded pure-play CPG company. Weve made a lot of progress to get to this point. But more importantly, were confident that we have a lot of run-way to deliver significant improvement and profitability in the years to come. On todays call, Im going to take few minutes to provide some context around where we are and our expectations going forward. Ill also touch on the progress were making against our strategic plans. Ill cover a few highlights from the quarter and Dave will get into the details before we take your questions. For those of you who are able to join us at our Investor Day in October, you will recall that I left you with six key takeaways about the business and our plans for the future. First, we have clearly moved to beyond our roots as an ad company, and later a global conglomerate. ConAgra Brands today is a much different organization. And as we discussed with you in October, the differences arent just structural. Our culture has fundamentally evolved. The team has developed the focus and discipline required to succeed. Hand-in-hand with these cultural changes, the revenue management capabilities weve developed and the deep commitment to cost and complexity reduction efforts now embedded in our organization. We expect these efforts will fuel additional margin expansion overtime, which in-turn will fuel improved growth and cash flow. Its also worth repeating that were in a unique position to reshape our portfolio in an efficient manner. We have a strong balance sheet, and an attractive tax asset. Overtime, we can leverage both in a disciplined manner to drive additional growth and maximize value. We have driven a lot of change in our organization, and we wont stand still. But as Ive said before, as we continue to implement changes, we will do so in an orderly, thoughtful, and patient manner. We will continue to move with urgency, but our efforts will require time and investments. Moving to slide seven, our actions will continue to be guided by the five portfolio management principles that I introduced on our Q1 call, and that Tom and Darren described in detail at our Investor Day. We will stay focused on; number one, upgrading the volume base; two, refreshing our core; and three, the clear roles weve assigned to the brands within our portfolio via our rigorous portfolio segmentation process. We will also; four, ramp-up innovation and disciplined M&A; and five, effectively back our winners with proper A&P and trade investment. Make no mistake, we intent to grow. But we will do so in a manner that is profitable and drive shareholder value. Our PMPs will continue to guide us in that regard. Weve already made significant progress in shifting our approach to managing the portfolio. The segmentation we described at Investor Day, shown here on slide eight, reflects the renewed focus we have brought to our brands. We have grouped each brand into one of four categories. We invigorate, accelerate growth, reliable contributors and then grow core and extend. This framework guides our investment priorities, particularly around A&P and innovation. And as we discussed at our Investor Day, it provides the lens for our SKU optimization efforts, which is really a broad based initiative, focused on eliminating a long-tail of SKUs that add-up to a small amount of volume and weak margins. This effort is important to driving improved overall profitability, and has been recognized and commended by our customers, particularly our early efforts on brands like Chef Boyardee and Healthy Choice. Moving to slide nine, we are clear-eyed that our success will require us to break a number of bad habits, and we are making meaningful progress. We are moving from a focus on volume at any cost to a focus on value creation. From a reliance on trade driven push tools to a reliance on stronger brands, stronger innovation, and consumer pull. As I just mentioned, were shifting away from SKU proliferation to optimizing our SKUs with a focus on sustainable returns. And were continuing to make strides in our approach to A&P, which is now more focused, consistent, and tied to ROIs. Our focus on the fundamentals is translating into results. As you can see on slide 10, it was another quarter of progress. We continued to execute our strategy of building a higher quality revenue base, consistent with portfolio management principle number one. The headline on net sales is 11.5% decline. But I want to call your attention to the next line where we note the 5.5% of estimated impact of divestitures and foreign exchange. Our net sales were down as a result of the actions were taking to optimize our portfolio, and drive our value-over-volume strategy to upgrade our revenue base. Adjusted operating profit was up 11.6%, driven by strong gross margin expansion, improved mix, more efficient pricing and trade, and continued SG&A savings. This resulted in a 350 basis-point increase in adjusted operating margins to 17%. We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $0.49 for the quarter, up 26% from the prior years quarter, driven by operating income growth and lower interest expense. Its worth noting that our bottom line reflects core operating performance that was slightly ahead of our expectations, offset by weaker than expected performance from our Ardent Mills JV. Ardent has been negatively impacted by a broader set of market dynamics in the milling industry. To illustrate the point on value over volume, slide 11 shows some of the information that Tom McGough first shared at our Investor Day. The chart on the left shows that weve been willing to walk away from lower ROI promotional activities and thus, our incremental volume sales have significantly declined as planned. We began to reduce our reliance on promotions during the second quarter and third quarter last year, so we will soon be lapping these results. The chart on the right shows a steady increase in base sales velocity trends, which illustrates that our efforts are working to build a stronger foundation as core consumers are staying with our brands. Looking ahead at our margins, looking at our margins, we are clearly making progress. Versus last years Q2, we have driven 250 basis-points of gross margin improvement, behind our pricing and trade promotion discipline, supply chain productivity, as well as some input costs favorability. While our second quarter has traditionally delivered a higher margin, we are confident that we will be able to sustain the improvement and hit our gross margin guidance for the year. On the right side of the slide, you can see our operating margin improvements. Helping this number is the fact that our SG&A optimization efforts have come in quicker than we anticipated. In the back half of the year, we will continue our efforts to invest new capabilities at our brands and thus, we expect operating margins to fall in line with our guidance. While were pleased with our margin results to-date, we know there is more we can do from here. Our game-plan is to grow the center line of our profitability over time. We understand that there is a standard deviation from quarter-to-quarter, but were taking a longer term view. Were focused on the center line, and we continue to see room to grow. Our gross margin progress reflects our ability to quickly capture some of the low-hanging fruit we identified early on. Looking ahead, there are no major structural issues preventing us from delivering further improvement, so we will continue to chip-away that opportunity. Another opportunity were focused on is successfully expanding into on-trend categories. The Frontera acquisition is a great example. It opens up an opportunity to capitalize on the rapid growth in Gourmet Mexican Cuisine. It has been a pleasure working with Rick Bayless, and the integration process is moving forward according to plan. Turning to slide 15, as we move forward to the remainder of fiscal 2017 and beyond, we will continue to execute against our portfolio management principals. In the second half of fiscal 2017, well be lapping last years pricing actions and expect to see corresponding improvement in our top-line trend as we continue to expand our margins. Our innovation progress is also accelerating, and we expect to see our new products hit the market in early fiscal 2018. And as I just said, we will continue to chip-away at the gross margin opportunity, while we deliver profitable growth. And finally, we will look to continue to reshape our portfolio. This may include exiting brands in an efficient matter, using our tax assets. It will also include augmenting our current portfolio through a disciplined approach to M&A. We still have a lot of work to do, but were pleased with the progress were making. We are confident that the plans we have in motion are the right ones to drive improved consistency and profitability at ConAgra, and long-term value for our shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to thank our talented, dedicated ConAgra Brands employees, who continued to do a tremendous job, serving our customers and executing our strategy. Im grateful for all you do, and wish all of you a happy holiday season. Now, over to you, Dave.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone and happy holidays. Slide 17 outlines a few key points related to our basis of presentation. Lamb Weston and related joint ventures are now reclassified as discontinued operations. The commercial reporting segment for the second quarter and ongoing will have no current operating results. It will only include the historical results for Spicetec and J. M. Swank. Please note that references to adjusted items refer to measures that exclude items impacting comparability, and reconcile to the growth closest GAAP measure and tables that are included in the earnings release and in the presentation deck. The Spicetec and J. M. Swank businesses, which were divested in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 are included in the historical results, and are not called out as items impacting comparability. Moving to slide 18, reported net sales for the second quarter were down 11.5% compared to a year ago. Adjusted gross profit dollars were down 3.6% versus the second quarter a year ago; as gross margin improvement was more than offset by volume declines on favorable FX, and the sale of the Spicetec and J. M. Swank businesses. Adjusted gross margin was 31.1% in the second quarter, an increase of 250 basis-points compared to a year ago. This increase was driven by supply-chain costs reductions and productivity gains, and improvements in pricing and trade efficiency. Adjusted operating profit increased 11.6% due to the large reduction in SG&A, which offset the gross profit dollar decline. I will discuss SG&A in more detail shortly. Importantly, adjusted operating margin was 17% for the second quarter, up 350 basis-points from the second quarter a year ago due to the gross margin improvements and SG&A reductions. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.49 for the second quarter, up 26% from the prior year due to significant SG&A reductions and lower interest expense. Slide 19 shows the drivers of our second quarter net sales change versus a year ago; total net sales were down 11.5%; divestitures and FX negatively impacted net sales by 5.5%; volume declines contributed 7% of the decrease, partially offset by a 1% improvement in price mix and trade productivity. Slide 20 highlights our continued strong SG&A performance, resulting from the restructuring we started in fiscal year 2016. Note that this chart represents adjusted SG&A, excluding A&P expense. A&P is included as part of SG&A on the face of the financial statements. Adjusted SG&A was down 21% in the second quarter versus a year ago. And for the first half of fiscal year 2017, adjusted SG&A was down $129 million or 25%. SG&A, as a percentage of net sales, was 9.5% for the second quarter and was 9.8% for the first half of fiscal year 2017. In the second quarter, we continued to benefit from timing on certain SG&A expenses, which we expect to hit in the second half of fiscal year 2017; having said that, we are pleased with our first-half SG&A performance, as we are realizing our cost savings goals a bit faster than we planned. Moving to slide 21, this chart outlines the drivers of EPS improvement from $0.39 in the second quarter year ago to $0.49 this quarter, which is a 26% increase. As we expected, the EPS impact of the volume decline was offset by the gross margin expansion from supply chain cost reductions and productivity gains, as well as pricing and trade efficiency improvements. The supply chain gains represented approximately two-thirds of the gross margin increase, while pricing and trade represented one-third. Negative FX from the weakening of the Mexican peso and the divestiture of Spicetech and J. M. Swank were more than offset by the EPS benefit of SG&A cost reductions and interest expense declines due to lower debt. Slide 22 highlights the net sales and adjusted operating profit by reporting segment. In our grocery and snacks segments, net sales were $854 million for the quarter, down 6%, reflecting a 7% decline in volume and a 1% improvement in price mix. Adjusted operating profit $was 222 million in the quarter, an increase of 18%. The increase in adjusted operating profit reflects continued progress on gross margin expansion, reduced SG&A costs, and lower A&P spending, partially offset by the impact of lower sales volumes. In our refrigerated and frozen segment, net sales were $740 million for the quarter, down 10.5%, reflecting an 11.4% decline in volume and a 1% improvement in price mix. Adjusted segment operating profit was $120 million in the second quarter, down 7.5%. The decrease reflects continued progress on margin expansion efforts that were more than offset by volume declines and the impact of benefits in the prior years quarter from avian flu related higher volume and sales for Egg Beaters. Our Egg Beaters products supply was not impacted as a result of the avian flu outbreak, creating the sales opportunity in the prior year quarter. In our international segment, net sales were $211 million for the quarter, down 4.5%. This reflects a 2.5% decline in volume, a 2% improvement in price mix, and a negative 4% impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted segment operating profit was $18 million in the second quarter, down 17%, driven primarily by the negative impact of the weakening Mexican peso. Reported segment operating profit includes a $44 million pre-tax impairment charge to goodwill due to the impact of the weakening peso on our business in Mexico. In our Food Service segment, net sales were $283 million for the quarter, down 1%. Adjusted operating profit was $32 million in the second quarter, an increase of 56% versus a year ago. The net sales results reflect a decrease in sales from exiting a non-core food service snack business. The adjusted segment operating profit increase was primarily due to a one-time inventory write-down cost incurred in the year ago quarter for the business we exited. As mentioned earlier, there were no sales or adjusted operating profits in the commercial segment this quarter, given the Spicetec and J. M. Swank divestitures and the reclassification of the Lamb Weston business to discontinued operations. Slide 23 summarizes select cash flow and balance sheet information for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 versus the year ago period. We ended the second quarter with $3.5 billion of total debt and approximately $1.4 billion of cash on hand. This results a net debt of approximately $2 billion with no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. In the first half, total debt was reduced by approximately $2 billion. As we have stated in the past, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating for the business. We had capital expenditures of $118 million for the first half for the 2017 versus $110 million in the comparable year period. As previously announced, the Board of Directors approved its first dividend since the completion of the spin-off of the Lamb Weston business on November 9, 2016. A quarterly dividend payment of $0.20 per share will be paid on March 01, 2017 to stockholders of record, as of the close of business on January 30, 2017. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares of stock at a cost of approximately $85 million. Approximately 300,000 of these shares were repurchased before the spin-off. In addition, I want to note the following items related to corporate or total Company performance. Equity method investment earnings were $17 million for the quarter, down 2% versus the prior year due to the Companys Ardent Mills joint venture performing below expectations due to market conditions. Adjusted corporate expenses were $36 million for the second quarter versus $54 million a year ago, reflecting the benefits from our cost savings efforts. Advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $97 million, down 9%. Advertising and promotion, as a percentage of net sales, was approximately 4.7% for the second quarter, up from 4.5% a year ago. Net interest expense was $54 million in the second quarter versus $79 million a year ago due to the pay-down of debt during the past 12 months. For the second quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales by $9 million, and operating profit by $6 million versus the year ago quarter. Lastly, the second quarter effective tax rate was 32.4%. The effective tax rate was slightly lower than planned due to reduce tax expense related to stock compensation expense. I will now briefly summarize the items impacting comparability this quarter; approximately $0.03 per diluted share of net expense or $20 million pre-tax related to restructuring plans; approximately $0.09 per diluted share of net expense or $61 million pre-tax related to extinguishment of debt, primarily related to the Lamb Weston spin-off; approximately $0.09 per diluted share of net expense or $44 million pre-tax related to an impairment of goodwill in the Mexican business; and approximately $0.02 per diluted share of net expense related to tax items associated with the Spicetec and J. M. Swank divestitures. Slide 24 summarizes our full-year of fiscal 2017 financial outlook, which is the same outlook we provided at Investor Day in October. As we communicated at Investor Day, this outlook was based upon a pro forma fiscal year 2016 P&L base, which excluded the Lamb Weston and J. M. Swank, and Spicetec results. Lamb Weston is now included in discontinued operations, and is excluded from the ConAgra Brands historical information. However, J. M. Swank and Spicetec are not accounted for as discontinued operations. So those results are included in the historical financial information for ConAgra Brands. As quick noted on this chart, if you include the J. M. Swank and Spicetec net sales this fiscal year 2017 net sales outlook is minus 8.5% to minus 9.5%. To be clear, this is not a change in our outlook. We just wanted to provide you with the additional detail of the fiscal year 2017 outlook with Spicetec and J. M. Swank included. So, in summary, ConAgra Brands continues to make progress upgrading our volume base. Gross margins are expanding, and our SG&A cost reduction program is progressing well. Our balance sheet is strong and gives us the flexibility to evaluate various opportunities to drive shareowner value. And our outlook for fiscal year 2017 remains unchanged as we start the second half. Thank you. This concludes my formal remarks. Sean, Tom McGough and I, will be happy to take your questions. I will now pass it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Operator: Thank you. Now, wed like to get to an important part of todays call, taking your questions. The question-and-answer session will be concluded by the telephone [Operator Instructions]. And it looks like our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Sean, I know that in past conference calls, I think youve talked about how something around six brands or so were accounting for 80% or so of the volume decline. And to the best of our ability in tracking some of the recent scanner data, or more recent scanner data by brand, it just seems like the volume declines have broadened out maybe to a much broader set of brands across the portfolio, even some of those that are in the accelerating growth sort of quadrant. So I just want to get a sense of, is that something that you see in your data? And if so what brings that about, and is it consistent with the expectation obviously that volume trends look start to improve in the back half of the fiscal year?
Sean Connolly: Andrew let me start that, and Tom if I miss any granular detail here, feel free to chime-in. What were seeing is pretty much exactly what we expect to see. Our actions are, in fact, broad based and largely around promotion and pricing. But I think big picture, clearly, were out to transform this Company, unlock value, and for some time now, weve been very proactive in communicating that we need to change some of our legacy practices, and walk away from some of the low margin volumes that those practices had embedded in our base. And were doing that and it is working. And big picture, were focused on unlocking margin potential. And for that to happen, it is a mandate that we change our practices across our brands and upgrade our volume base, and ramp-up an improved brand building and innovation capability. So thats what were doing. And I do like what I see, and in the back half, you will see trends improve. In fact, as the most recent takeaway data shows, thats already beginning to happen. But I do want to remind everybody that this is not a slip of a switch, this is a process and were going to manage it overtime. But its definitely going to benefit shareholders. In terms of any other particulars, Tom, youre still very largely concentrated, you want to add any color to that?
Thomas McGough: Just a couple of things, as you highlighted, we are taking very focused and disciplined approach to price the brands that were underpriced, over-promoted. And it also includes proactively optimizing our SKU mix. What you see is that were upgrading our volume base, one that is plus promotionally driven, higher margin. And as you highlighted in your chart, the fundamental base sales velocity performance is improving on the portfolio. So, when you look at Q2, in particular, there is a couple of things that are somewhat unique. First, Egg Beaters is -- our foot in the refrigerated segment includes Egg Beaters. In the year ago period, there was a sales benefit associated with the avian flu impact, where our supply was relatively unaffected from that. The second thing thats unique is Q2 of last year was a significant promotional period for us on our premium yield brands, Healthy Choice, Marie Callender, Bertolli. That is part of our trade promotion productivity, is to optimize that spending, and well begin to lap those as we move into the second half of our fiscal year. And then the third component would be supply issues. At the beginning of the quarter, we still had some residual impact from PF chains. Recall that it showed-up in lower merchandizing at the beginning of the quarter. And then at the end of the quarter, there was an industry issue on Reddi-wip -- industry issue on nitrous oxide this impacted Reddi-wip. So, overall -- so were fundamentally on track, building and upgrading our volume base.
Andrew Lazar: So thank you for that color. And then just as a follow-up would be, the EBIT decline in refrigerated and frozen, even excluding the benefit last year are from Egg Beaters and avian flu was still lower year-over-year. So, Im just trying to make sure, I understand how that lower EBIT would be consistent obviously with the plan around upgrading volume and the expectation that brings about better margin and profitability. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Ill defer back to Andrews question.
Sean Connolly: We finish the point on Andrew. Andrew, the actions we are taking in Refrigerated & Frozen that youve got some weird things in there like the windfall benefit we had last year on Egg Beaters and things like that that didnt repeat this year, but we are discontinuing significant both activities and SKUs that have some profitability associated with it. But frankly, its fundamentally not up to our margin standards. And we are going to continue to do that, thats all part of resetting our volume base and create the right foundation build up in the future. Dave?
Dave Marberger: And just add one thing at this the impact of ready what there were some costs that did effect operating, adjusted operating profit as well. So, we factor in both the Egg Beaters and the cost from Reddi-wip, youre pretty about flat in terms of operating profit on the sales decline. 
Johan Nystedt: All right. Matt, over to you.
Matthew Grainger: All right. Thanks. Happy holidays, everyone. Thanks for the question. From a supply chain perspective, you've highlighted some of the gross margin favorability being driven by productivity favorable input costs. Im just curious relative to the algorithm you laid out at the Investor Day with 3% plus realized productivity, 2% inflation. How those benchmarks compared to where we are in the first half of this year? And then, on the realized productivity, how far or long are you in the process of being able to achieve those new bench marks consistently? Are we already there or we working toward it?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I would say we are -- the supply chain team continues to do a great job. Theyve got, as Dave Biegger pointed out on Investor Day, a very strong track record and theyre not satisfied with that, they think they can do more and its not -- we are not going to get there overnight. But we are well on our way. Id say we are spot on with where we expect to be, any other color Dave?
Dave Biegger: Yes. So, as I mentioned about two thirds of the gross margin improvement was driven by supply chain, we did guide, I think our long-term guidance on inflation was 2.3%, its less -- it's around 1% for fiscal year 2017. So, as Sean said, we are on track with the realized productivity. We are benefitting from a pretty benign inflation, environment currently, although at Investor Day, we expected higher inflation in the half year. So, we are on track.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thanks. And just one more question, Sean, in terms of the promotional environment, youre obviously still very focused on moving path some of last years less productive activity. But in the few other categories like frozen meals, weve seen some evidence of more competitive promotion in recent months. Just curious for you observations there whether youre running into anything that would make it more challenging to follow through on what youve intended to do without seeing a little bit more pronounced competitive impact?
Sean Connolly: No, I think youre always going to see some differences regionally, youll see some differences by customers in terms of behaviors and whether or not they are trying to go to more than every day low price or a high low environment. I would say overall, guys; since I've been here it's been fairly rational. We'll have to continue to monitor, are there spikes or pockets of irrationality. And we will defend our business as we need to because we need to continue to make sure that our market share is a competitive. But on average, Id say, its been pretty reasonable and we just monitor this very carefully and take the actions we need to take.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from David Driscoll.
Weill Cornell: Good morning. This is Weill Cornell in with the few questions for David. First one is just looking at kind of where youre at so far this year, nice feature relative to the consensus in the first two quarters. Why hasn't the maybe the top end of guidance gone up for the full year, and if I could really hone in here, Im looking at an operating margin of 17% in the second quarter realized there is some seasonality here. But, the guidance kind of implied an operating margin of 14.5 over the balance of the year. So, it seems like trough while some what we're running at. And just kind of wanted to know, what are the factors that play into these numbers?
Sean Connolly: Yes, let me give you my true senses on that and Dave can way into. Clearly, I am very pleased with our margin progress. We have harvested some low-hanging fruits. Were in a benign inflationary environment, and were benefiting from some timing and SG&A is, our transition increased from short-term vacancies. And as Dave pointed out, we need to sustain these margins in the back half and then our top-line trends to hit our guidance. And Im very confident, well do just that. But two months post Lamb spent, it's still early days. So, were standing by our previous guidance and staying very focused on continuing to execute well.
Weill Cornell: Okay. And lastly, Im sorry.
Dave Marberger: No, I think you've covered it, right.
Weill Cornell: Okay, great. And then lastly just one on kind of some of the advertising and consumer promotion spending, I think you said there might have been a shift in that in the quarter. So just wondering kind of back half what this A&P spending look like. Is it flattish with upward or is it down and kind of whats the full year outlook for A&P spending?
Sean Connolly: Let me give you how I think about A&P. Our A&P was down in the quarter, but take a look at the absolute rate. I think were about 4.7%, that is a very healthy level of A&P in my book. So, I feel good about that and weve continued to find inefficiency in our previous A&P spent and just like in place also in our portfolio, if we can get inefficiency out we do it. We also like to line up our A&P with when we have important in market activities. So, as you can imagine with our new innovations coming out in early Q1 of next year, were going to have some momentum that weve got to build going into that. So, youll see a good A&P investment from us in the back half without getting into granular detail there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe: I have two questions, if I could. Somewhat a little bit on Cornell's question there on A&P. I guess related to that there has been some SG&A related spending is been kind of deferred to the second half of the year. Is that A&P or there is more than just A&P in that? And maybe related to that in the first quarter, like you've mentioned maybe something around $30 million of SG&A that kind of push through the back half and that still a good number that would apply to the back half of the year?
Sean Connolly: Let me give you a little insight on that. So, the SG&A that we talked about that I went through exclude A&P. So, when you see SG&A on face of the financial statements A&P is in that, but were talking about separately here. So, in the first half, we were favorable on SG&A. We have open positions that were continuing to feel. Were building our capabilities here, and so if we make progress in the second half there that will clearly increase our SG&A percentage. And then, there is some important projects internally that are really backend weighted. So when you look at, were going to be closer to the target for SG&A that we talked about at Investor Day at 10.8% of sales. So, thats kind of how we look at, if the second half related to SG&A excluding A&P. I think Sean covered the A&P piece of that we look at the second half.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thats great, thank you. And then just a quick question for you on mix improvement and just understand if you have positive price mix. Is that mostly related to lower promotional spending and more efficient spending? And is mix really benefitting the top line at this point or is that more associated with innovation in the future?
Thomas McGough: Chris, this is Tom McGough. Our pricing is really a combination of couple of things. One, we were taking pricing where weve done product upgrades whether thats been Banquet or introducing more value added, Healthy Choice simply steamers. A large component of the pricing benefit has been on trade promotion productivity, primarily on our premium meals businesses as well as many other brands within grocery. And as you look at our resources, we do apply those on our segmentation on those accelerated businesses that tend to be stronger in terms of profitability.
Sean Connolly: Chris, this is Sean here. One other bit of perspective that I think is helpful for people to because sometimes I get the question why not more mix impact for margin accretive innovation faster, why not more gross margin faster? As we innovate particularly when we go into adjacencies as you look at our segmentation, in some case before, and so we built the success model in the marketplace and having empirical evidence that the new innovation is going to work, we may go to a co-packer, and then we do that because we dont commit capital upfront. Then once weve got the evidence that its a successful innovation, weve repatriated. We'll invest the capital, we'll bring in house. So at sometimes you got a bit of a gross margin headwind on kind of breakthrough new innovations in the early days until you prove it you. But that is weakening the right way to having done this for a long time to manage innovation because you dont always hit them all out of the park, you have some hits and you have some misses, and you want to be judicious on capital investment in support of new innovation.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will hear from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Thanks, good morning. Just looking at our own Nielsen data for ConAgro, it looks like in the last four or five months that both base non-promoted sales have contributed to the sales declines in addition to that incremental, and thats probably one of the reasons that base deteriorating is why that the overall volume decline is accelerated. You have that one slide, I think at Slide 11 where you show base velocity is actually accelerating, and I am trying to reconcile those two things and perhaps there is a point there about loss of distribution or SKU cutbacks that can sort of explain the base trends and what youre trying to do?
Sean Connolly: David, Sean here. At Investor Day, we talked a bit about the mastering complexity project that we are working, and weve also talked about unwinding some legacy practices. One of those legacy practices is SKU proliferations. So, guys correct me if I am wrong here, but I think the quote I had at Investor Day was something like the last 20% of our volume account for roughly 70% of our SKUs, something like that. So, we have a lot of complexity and a lot of scheme proliferation thats not adding up to a lot of volume, and as you might imagine on shelf, it doesnt add up to a lot of productivity. So, we dont want to have working capital of items like that sitting around our warehouses, weve got to clean that up and weve been very proactively doing that and you see that in some of the distribution trends, but when you do that as you can imagine, what remains is higher velocity stuff. So, you see a going opposite effect usually of improvement of velocity and thats weve been looking for and thats pretty much exactly what we are seeing.
David Palmer: And do you think that velocity is a leading indicator for those base trends and other words, do you see an end to these SKU rationalization drag as such that we are going to see base trends start to improve sequentially from here?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I mean youve got a mix of things going on is what I call base drivers. I think when you take out the SKU thats a negative base driver. When you increase price thats a negative base driver, but conversely, when you have effective A&P and effective innovation thats positive base driver. So, this is a process for us kind of continuing to upgrade this volume base, a lot of what we are doing at certain brands will be through this year. There are other brands as we talk about at Investor Day with respect to mastering complexity that we won't even get to the next year. So, I think the picture the way to think about is instead of getting overly exercise around the optics of the top line trend, setback and think about whether or not there is real value associated with that volume to begin with. Because if there is not value associated with it, there is not margin associated with it, frankly all its giving us, is optics and thats not what we are in business for, we are in value creation.
Operator: Thank you so much. And we will move on to Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Hi, thanks. This might be just another way of asking the same question, but when you get into fiscal 18 and 19, Sean, I think a lot of this will modeling positive sales for those two years, but you know the environment is weaker than anybody though and youre taking some pretty aggressive actions to upgrade your volume. So there is a model still work to get to double-digit EPS growth, if say sales are down in 18 and thats really the question. Can you still get there even if its down?
Sean Connolly: Yes, the sales guidance we gave was really a CAGR that take us through 2020. And so, I wouldnt -- I dont think we havent really thought about it as a straight line, as you all know this is a -- we have a big portfolio. We got to attack these things in chunks and we are making tremendous progress doing it. So, we feel really good about our algorithm. We feel good about the EPS guidance. There will be different drivers each year depending upon how far we are in the program. But we feel great about the guidance including at EPS, I guess as how I put it.
Operator: Thank you so much. And our next question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Let me ask about the percentage of sales from these products. You talked a lot about innovation taking in at the beginning of fiscal 18. Where are you now in terms of percentage of sales the new products either institutes in the last year or three year, however you measure that? And where you hope to get to overtime and how quickly can you get there without that innovation?
Sean Connolly: Historically, weve been at call it 9% level, roughly in that ballpark. Weve made some progress against that. We put a couple of few points on top of that we call it renewal rate. We want to get to 15, but as you might imagine, rebuilding the innovation pipeline takes a longer than say taking out costs. So one of the reasons why we got just so aggressive on costs in the early days of this transformation is, were grounded in a clear eyed recognition that rebuilding innovation pipe does take longer. So, its been important to us to get it some of these low-hanging fruit cost opportunities early on while we repopulate the innovation. And we already doing it as I said, weve moved from 9 to call it 12, and it will continue to ramp up from here. Importantly, its also got to be, it's proverbial fewer, bigger, better idea. But for us, thats particularly important given our track record of proliferating so many key little SKUs, and were working in that because we want shelf efficiency for every item we could out there for our customers.
Alexia Howard: Great, and there is a follow-up, you talk in the prepared remarks about portfolio changes kind of alluding to the possibility of divestment, so using the tax assets and then maybe exhibitions as well. How aggressively are you feeling also those type of opportunities at presence and what are the criteria because using on either side of the scale to sales to think about what divestment maybe what to go offset? Thank you. Ill now pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Good question. The backdrop to always that of course is that we are a portfolio of reshape story that means we need the strength in the businesses we have. We also need to bring in businesses that will be complementary, and we have the unique ability to efficiently divesting, if we conclude that they dont say or theyre more valuable to somebody else. So, this is an important part of our value maximization strategy, its leveraging our balance sheet properly and as a strategic leveraging our capital loss carry forwards. So were always in a position of readiness, should we see something that we can say confidently makes good strategic sense and makes good financial sense. And that just really principally how we look at it, I dont think in detail to getting share beyond that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of housekeeping items. I guess first is interest expense this quarter is about 54 million. Is that a good run rate, we should think about going forward or is there anything sort of unusual noise on the interest expense line this quarter?
Dave Marberger: Bryan, no, because we pay down debt during the quarter, the run rate is actually lower in the second half. So you should look at where we are with debt, where we end of the quarter as sort of the base to use.
Bryan Spillane: In terms of where the debt at the end of the quarter at the base use?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Thats right.
Bryan Spillane: And what rate should we be using?
Dave Marberger: It used 5%, 5.5%.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then second question in terms of share repurchases, I think its a 170 million year-to-date and you were targeting I think 1 billion for 2017. So is that still the expectation that we should be using going forward?
Dave Marberger: Yes. Let me just clarify that a little bit because looking at the numbers that may not be clear. At Investor Day, we announced plans to purchase of $1 billion worth of shares, and under a new $1.25 billion authority that we initiated after the spin-off was completed in November. So, when you look at the second quarter, there is only about half a month where were actually repurchasing under that authority. So that was about $70 million. So, $70 million for half a month is kind of the run rate on the share repurchase. So, thats the plan kind of going forward.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the last one, you spent that all you can help in terms of savings 3Q, 4Q in the second half. I know, there is, it sounds like there is going to be some moving part in terms of like when we should start to see the top line effective lapping the big pricing actions last year maybe where the SG&A starts to com in thats what you didnt say in the first half that will come into the second half. So, any sort of help at all you could give in terms of things we should think about in terms of savings, 3Q and 4Q would be helpful? Thanks.
Dave Marberger: Well, let me just kind of picture that. Were not going to get in the practice of giving real granular quarterly guidance. I dont think thats going to be too helpful. I dont know if its going to be useful to you. What I can say is as if we are going to bend the trend and thats how you want to think about it, so its not exactly linear there is going to be movement on all of these things quarter-to-quarter because there is all sorts of noise down in the granules that we dont need to get into. But its going to be -- its going to be a obviously youre going to see a change in SG&A in the back half and youll see a improvement on the top line.
Operator: Thank you so much. And our next question will come from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Just one question on page 21 of your presentation today, you gave us a EPS allocation which is very helpful by the way that EPS bridge. Given that EPS allocation for the net EPS impact of volume loss, and I am wondering you multiply that out, it looks like you have $0.09 you gave us at 15 million bucks it's 31 odd percent which is roughly about your gross margin. I am trying to understand though within that, I would think maybe if it were some of the lower margin products you were eliminating maybe some and certainly the 21% decline in incremental sales that contribution margin might be a little bit lower. So how much kind of thought and allocation went into that number or is it just kind of putting an average gross margin on it firstly? And secondly, is that a good indicator maybe going forward of the kind of cost of volume your operating deleverage included as you go forward that might be offset by pricing and other stuff in the year ahead. Thanks very much.
Dave Marberger: Its a great question. Weve spent a lot of time on what I call bridge accounting and most companies know I've done everywhere Ive been. The way these things come together, you tend to start to look at whats the price mix piece of this because you can quantify that, you obviously look at supply chain pieces and then the volume piece is sometimes tricky, right because we have a portfolio of 55 brands that are all at different rates of change and so it really becomes a blend. So thats really how this comes together in terms of what the overall margin impact from the blended overall volume decline. I am not going to make any commentary on the specific volume piece of EPS going forward but I would say is the guidance weve given on gross margin improvement factors in our estimates of what the volume impact would be. So thats the best I can do for you, and thats a good question.
Operator: Thank you so much. Next, we will hear from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for letting me ask the questions. Kind of the similar vein to Mr. Feeneys question in terms of offsets for volume, as we look at the price mix front, its great to see in positive territory for sure. But I suppose, I am just a little bit surprised that its not a bit more robust and actually fated to quarter-over-quarter given that presumably you are taking out some of your lower price mix products. So presumably, there should be a nice little mix benefit in there and then of course pulling out some of the inefficient trade support, I would think would be a bit of an incremental book. So can you give a little bit color on maybe what some of the offsets are and how we should think about that line both in terms of in the context your actions today as well as go forward? 
Thomas McGough: Jason, this is Tom McGough. You know weve talked about our pricing in three components, inflation justified, trade productivity and pricing in conjunction with grain quality upgrades. So, if you think about some of the, obviously, weve had positive in terms of upgrade trade productivity. But there are some businesses and categories that are more pass-through, beef and oil, eggs, dairy would be some of those. So on Hebrew National for example, there is pricing reduction with some insert reduction in cost of goods that shows up as a negative to pricing, a positive to cost of goods, and obviously a better kind of margin. Egg Beaters is another situation given the industry dynamics last year with cost coming down. So, those are some of the offset that suppress the overall pricing, but we really focused on is the gross margin expansion and thats what you see in our results is continued progress on gross margin expansion and we are doing this in a very focused and discipline way across the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Lubi Kutua: Hi, good morning. This is actually Lubi filling in for Akshay. I wanted to ask a question about your innovation plan. Are you able to share anymore color in terms of sort of whats on the docket sort of back half of this year and early fiscal 18. And then so a follow-up to that if you could comment on what are some of the structural changes if any to the innovation process that ConAgra. So is that things like time to market getting faster, are we expecting a greater contribution in terms of incremental sales of just how we should think about that? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think in terms of specific things that are forthcoming, we provided, down there throughout provided a pretty robust preview of some of the innovation in our pipeline, something on our investor day, some things that are pretty close to hitting the market, some things that are farther out, some things that are going test market. So, you got to sneak peak of that and its pretty exciting what we are going be able to do with brands like Healthy Choice and Slim Jim and other brands that are really granting up some excellent innovation on it. Quite frankly, its time because if you -- there is a lot of grumbling around lack of growth in the industry. But as Darren pointed out at Investor Day, when you peel back the onion, you look at it there are clear pockets of growth. Unfortunately, there has been big companies have been getting after thats been a small companies because they tend to be faster market. They tend to be more externally focused. So, that brings to me the second piece of your question which is what structurally changing, we are much more externally focused, I would say than weve been effect external focus is one of our company values. And we are determined to activate our insight and turn them into action and get our innovation ideas to market quicker. So, historically, its been a slow slug for us to get insights, convert them in action and get them into market that is making progress. We are not all the way to bright yet, but I am very excited about some of the things that are in our pipe and its only going to get better from here.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Nystedt, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks.
Johan Nystedt: Thank you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. As always, were available for discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra.
Operator: And this will conclude todays ConAgra brands second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-09-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean Connolly - CEO Dave Marberger - CFO Johan Nystedt - VP of Treasury and IR Thomas McGough  President, Consumer Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Alexia Howard - Bernstein Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Michael Walsh - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host from ConAgra Foods for today's program; Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; Dave Marberger, Chief Financial Officer; and Johan Nystedt, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Nystedt.
Johan Nystedt: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found either in the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website at investor.conagrafoods.com, click Financial Reports & Filings, then Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Johan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter conference call. This will be our last earnings call as ConAgra Foods as we anticipate completing the Lamb Weston spin-off this fall prior to the holidays. As you've probably seen by now, we announced the timing of dedicated Investor Days for each business. Lamb Weston's will be held in New York City on October 13, and ConAgra Brands will be held on October 18 here in Chicago. Our teams are hard at work preparing for these meetings, and we are excited about the opportunity to take you through a deeper dive on these businesses and why we believe they will create significant value for investors as separate pure-play public companies. Each company will share more details, including financial outlooks and capital allocation priorities at these events. We are confident you will see the unique opportunities available to both companies and why each is well positioned to seize them. Now on to the state of the business and our first quarter results. Once again, it was a very busy quarter at ConAgra as we continue our disciplined and methodical approach to enhancing focus, expanding margins, improving efficiency, energizing our culture and ultimately, creating value for our shareholders. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are pleased with the progress that we have made to date. At a high level, we saw strong results from both Lamb Weston and our branded consumer businesses. On Lamb, we once again saw what a terrific business this is. Sales were up, margins were up and profit was up. The team is looking forward to sharing much more about this jewel of a business on October 13. On our branded consumer businesses, we also made terrific progress. Here, we are seeing clear evidence that our strategy to upgrade our revenue base and expand margins is working. As we have discussed previously, we are intensely focused on positioning our U.S. branded portfolio for long-term success and that starts with building a higher-quality revenue base. As we will discuss in more detail at our upcoming Investor Day for ConAgra Brands, we compete in good categories with many well-known brands that are Number 1 or Number 2 in their categories. However, ConAgra historically prioritized volume over value and accordingly, we've been overly reliant on deep discounting as our chief demand driver, leading us to under-invest and under-deliver on brand building and innovation. In short, we underleveraged some of our greatest assets. The result of this behavior is a revenue base that is overdeveloped in terms of the presence of low-loyalty, price-focused consumers. The problem with catering to these consumers is that, (a) it caused us to neglect the needs of the vast majority of our consumer base, people who are hungry for innovation and premiumization and, (b) it fundamentally limited our ability to drive higher margins. We are changing that. Specifically, to ensure we leverage our brand strength and unlock our margin potential, we have been methodically infusing focus and discipline around pricing and trade promotion while investing in brand building and innovation. Said differently, we are focusing our efforts on practices that support value over volume and walking away from our previous practices that concentrated on volume over value. It is important to understand that while our efforts to improve brand building and innovation are broad-based, the volume declines we're experiencing are largely concentrated within brands that historically targeted the price-focused consumer and heavily relied on deep discounts and promotion to drive volume. In fact, if you dig into the scanner data, you will see that more than 80% of our Q1 volume declines can be attributed to just six brands that have historically been underpriced and over-promoted. We are confident that our actions represent the right way to maximize the value of our branded portfolio over time. As a supporting data point, gross margins on our U.S. retail brands are up about 700 basis points since Q1 two years ago. As we continue to execute this strategy, we believe our revenue base will be better positioned to deliver stronger, more consistent performance over the long term. We have framed our efforts here around five portfolio management principles, or PMPs as we call them, which guide how we intend to manage our branded portfolio going forward. At our upcoming Investor Day for ConAgra Brands, we will go deep on each of these, but I want to give you a sense of our approach. PMP number 1 is upgrading the revenue base. The second PMP is refreshing the core. PMP number 3 is assigning clear portfolio roles. The fourth PMP is ramping up innovation and M&A. And the fifth PMP is effectively backing the winners. These principles represent a tried-and-true approach and in a few weeks we will discuss the progress we're making on each and how they will help build a more focused, higher-margin and higher-performing branded food company over time. One note on PMP number 4, ramping up innovation and M&A. I'm sure you've all seen the news from earlier this week about our acquisition of the Frontera, Red Fork and Salpica brands. These businesses make authentic gourmet Mexican food and contemporary American cooking sauces. We believe this gives us another great platform to provide consumers with unique, high-quality food products. And as an extra enticement to attend our Investor Day on October 18, I promise you will have a chance to sample these tremendous brands. While we have a lot more work to do, I want to acknowledge our sales force for doing an excellent job working with our retailers to explain how our change in strategy benefits them as well as ConAgra. Similarly, I want to acknowledge our supply chain team for anticipating these volume changes and proactively offsetting any loss absorption benefits. With that context in mind, let's turn to our Q1 results. Q1 net sales declined 5% and the impact of divestitures and FX represented about 2 percentage points of the decline. As I mentioned at the outset, Lamb Weston delivered another strong top line this quarter, offset by sales results in our domestic consumer business. In the U.S. consumer market, which, as you know, is challenged across our competitive set, we saw declines due to the actions I just outlined related to upgrading our revenue base. This, along with the impact of FX, more than offset an increase in price and mix. Overall profitability was driven by growth and margin expansion in Lamb Weston as well as continued strong gross margin expansion in our domestic consumer businesses. As a result, total segment adjusted operating profit was up 23%. Additionally, our supply chain team continues to excel at finding more efficient ways to manufacture our products and reduce costs. We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $0.61 for the quarter, representing 49% growth from the prior year, significantly in excess of our mid to high teens growth estimate. As Dave will point out, some of this is timing related. Now turning to segment performance. As you saw in this morning's release, we are now reporting results in five reporting segments: Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen, International, Foodservice and Commercial. The Grocery & Snacks, the Refrigerated & Frozen, the International and the Foodservice segments represent the businesses that will remain with ConAgra Brands and will become the primary four reporting segments of the independent company postspin. The Commercial segment consists primarily of the Lamb Weston business.  Starting with the Grocery & Snacks segment, net sales decreased 5% based on the actions I just discussed. These efforts, coupled with increased pricing and trade productivity, savings and supply chain and continued SG&A discipline, helped drive growth of 31% in adjusted segment operating income, which translated to a 680 basis points expansion in adjusted segment operating margin. The volume declines in this segment were largely concentrated on a few brands where we are reversing our historical practice of promoting below the $1 price point. Chef Boyardee, and Snack Pack are good examples. Importantly, we saw the margin and profit expansion that we were counting on. Equally important, key sales fundamentals like distribution remained on plan reflecting customer support for our strategy shift towards stronger brands and innovation. Keep in mind, the plan does include some important SKU rationalization. So when you see TPDs pull back in the near term, recognize that is part of a disciplined program to reduce non-value-added complexity while increasing facings and velocity on priority SKUs. You'll hear more about this at our ConAgra Brands Investor Day in Dave Biegger's supply chain presentation.  Last point I'll make in this segment is that we continue to benefit from disciplined investment behind A&P-ready brands, such as Slim Jim and PAM among others. Now turning to the Refrigerated & Frozen segment. Net sales decreased 8% while adjusted operating profit increased by 310 basis points to 16% of net sales. The volume decline in this segment was heavily focused on Banquet, an important brand, as you know, is going through a significant makeover. As we've discussed in prior quarters, we continue to work to restage our Banquet brand resulting in increased pricing associated with long-overdue product and packaging upgrades. Accordingly, this was the primary driver of the volume and sales decline in the segment for the quarter. Banquet is now benefiting from much stronger margins, and our consumer data is also showing an improving buying rate from our most loyal consumers and key customers. As we move through the next calendar year and begin to wrap these actions, you will see top line sales declines moderate. From there, we will also fold in new product improvements and innovation. Regarding segment profitability here in Q1, our disciplined pricing actions and supply chain productivity more than offset the Banquet impact and the costs related to a product recall. One other planned action in Q1 is worth noting in Frozen. While Marie Callender's is not one of our historically over-promoted brands, it was over-promoted in the year-ago period. And that was not a good business decision, so we did not repeat it in Q1 this year. These two contributed to our volume decline, but, again, we saw the margin gains we were counting on. Elsewhere in the segment, we saw solid top line performance, namely in Reddi-wip, which continues to be a strong performer for us. The International segment, net sales decreased 6% due to the impact of foreign exchange. Excluding the effects of currency, segment net sales would have been approximately equal to the prior year's comparable quarter. Net sales for the Foodservice segment decreased 1%, and adjusted operating profit decreased 10% to $24 million. This segment was negatively affected by normalization of egg prices after last year's avian influenza outbreak. Overall, the four segments that will primarily comprise ConAgra Brands' ongoing operation postspin have made good progress, demonstrating the strength of our plan and the opportunity that lies ahead. Much of our team have completed their first full quarter in our new headquarters in Chicago, at the Merchandise Mart, and there is tremendous energy and excitement to build upon our momentum as a pure-play branded company. Now turning to Commercial foods. As I said at the outset of my remarks, Lamb Weston delivered another great quarter, generating approximately 4% net sales growth. In our reported results, the strength of Lamb Weston's performance is masked by the fact that we include the impact of the divestures of Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and JM Swank, which were completed at the end of July. Adjusted segment operating profit grew 33% in the quarter behind Lamb Weston's continued growth and favorable input costs. We continue to see significant opportunities to drive growth across the Lamb Weston business, leveraging its strong brand to capture emerging markets and international growth. Tom and the Lamb team look forward to sharing much more during their Investor Day on October 13 in New York. Before I conclude my remarks, I would like to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of our talented employees. Amidst significant change, including a successful move to our new headquarters, our team remained focused on delivering our goals and serving our customers. In addition to driving strong performance, our team is also dedicated to being a good corporate citizen, and we were honored to be named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the sixth consecutive year, demonstrating recognition of our commitment to environmental and social goals in addition to economic objectives. Now turning to one of our newest team members, I would like to welcome our new CFO, Dave Marberger, who joins us from Prestige Brands. Dave brings more than 30 years of finance and leadership experience to ConAgra Foods, including ten years as the CFO at Godiva Chocolatier and Tasty Baking Company. I first got to know Dave during his time with the Campbell Soup Company, and Dave is a proven and accomplished finance executive, and I am confident he will be a tremendous asset going forward. We are extremely happy to welcome him to the team. With that, Dave, over to you.
Dave Marberger: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into my comments, I would like to say how energized I am to be part of this organization and leadership team. I look forward to getting to know many of you and the investor community in the weeks and months ahead. I will address several topics in my comments, including our new reporting segments; a recap of our 2017 fiscal first quarter performance; a summary of items impacting comparability, including some brief comments on goodwill impairment, cash flow, capital allocation and the balance sheet; and some brief comments on our upcoming Investor Day. As we outlined in the release, we now report our business results in five segments. They are Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen, International, Foodservice and Commercial. The Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen and International segments were previously included in our Consumer Foods segment and Foodservice was previously included in our Commercial Foods segment. Upon the completion of the Lamb Weston spin, the commercial segment will include only the historical results of JM Swank and Spicetec through the divestiture date, and the Lamb Weston results will be reclassified to discontinued operations for all periods presented. Now I will provide some comments on our performance for our fiscal 2017 first quarter. Please note that references to adjusted earnings or operating profit referred to measures that exclude items impacting comparability. Overall, net sales for the fiscal first quarter approximated $2.7 billion, down 5% from the year-ago quarter. The divestiture of JM Swank and Spicetec and the negative impact of foreign exchange accounted for approximately 2 percentage points of the net sales decline versus the year-ago quarter. We reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the fiscal first quarter of $0.42 compared with $0.38 in the prior year quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations for the first quarter was $0.61, 49% above the $0.41 delivered in the year-ago quarter and better than we planned. The strong first quarter EPS performance primarily reflects the benefits from continued gross margin expansion, lower SG&A expense and lower interest expense, partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume, lower earnings from our Ardent Mills joint venture and some costs related to a product recall. As I will discuss later, the first quarter overdelivery versus our plan was driven, in part, by timing items for both SG&A and A&P expense. In our Grocery & Snacks segment, net sales were $757 million for the quarter, down 5% from the year-ago period, reflecting a 6% decline in volume and a 1% improvement in price mix. Adjusted segment operating profit was $185 million in the first quarter versus $142 million in the year-ago quarter. The strong increase in adjusted profit reflects continued progress on margin expansion efforts, driven by pricing discipline and favorable product cost and productivity; reduced SG&A costs; and lower A&P spending due to timing, partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. In our Refrigerated & Frozen segment, net sales were $605 million for the quarter, down 8% from the year-ago period, reflecting an 11% decline in volume and a 3% improvement in price mix. Adjusted segment operating profit was $97 million in the first quarter versus $85 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in adjusted profit reflects the same continued progress on margin expansion efforts as outlined for the Grocery & Snacks segment, offset by approximately $9 million of costs related to a product recall. In our International segment, net sales were $195 million for the quarter, down 6% from the year-ago period, reflecting a 2% decline in volume, a 1.5% improvement in price mix and a negative 5% impact from foreign exchange. We reported a segment operating loss of $149 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by a pretax impairment charge of $164 million related to our Canadian business. I'll say more about this shortly. Adjusted segment operating profit was $15 million in the first quarter versus $17 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease in adjusted profit reflects lower sales in gross margins and a negative impact from FX, partially offset by modestly lower A&P and SG&A expenses. In our Foodservice segment, net sales were $268 million for the quarter, down 1% from the year-ago period. Adjusted segment operating profit was $24 million in the first quarter versus $26 million in the year-ago quarter. This decrease reflects lower sales in gross margins, partially offset by lower A&P and SG&A expenses. In the Commercial segment, net sales were $843 million or 2% below the prior year quarter, driven by the JM Swank and Spicetec divestitures. Lamb Weston had a very solid quarter as net sales increased 4% versus the prior year quarter. The commercial segment's adjusted operating profit was $148 million versus $112 million in the year-ago quarter. This strong increase was driven primarily by the net sales growth and margin expansion in our Lamb Weston business, partially offset by the profit decline resulting from the JM Swank and Spicetec divestitures during the quarter. We realized proceeds of $486 million from these divestitures and recognized an aggregate book gain of approximately $198 million. We expect to utilize the capital loss tax asset to offset substantially all of the tax liabilities related to these divestitures. In addition to the segment information, I will also note the following matters related to corporate or total company performance. Equity method investment earnings were $24 million for the current quarter and $37 million in the year-ago period. The decline principally reflects lower profits from our Ardent Mills joint venture. Adjusted corporate expenses were $38 million in the fiscal quarter versus $66 million in the year-ago quarter, reflecting the benefits from our cost savings efforts, along with lower costs related to the timing of certain expenses that will come later in the fiscal year. Advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $69 million, down 18% from the prior year quarter. Most of this decline was due to the timing of expense that will be incurred later in the fiscal year. Despite this lower spend, total gross rating points for our A&P investments were up 7% for the first quarter versus a year ago, reflecting improved efficiency. For the first quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales by $11 million and operating profit by $4 million versus the year-ago quarter. Moving on to our SG&A cost savings initiatives, we are making very good progress and expect to realize the remainder of our $200 million of SG&A savings over the next two years as planned. While we saw significant benefits from SG&A savings in the first quarter, I would point out that some of this benefit was due to the timing of certain expenses moving to later in the fiscal year. We estimate that the benefit from timing for SG&A was $25 million to $30 million in the first quarter. I will now briefly summarize the items impacting comparability this quarter. We had $0.34 per diluted share of net expense related to impairment charges. Approximately $140 million pretax relates to impairment of goodwill and approximately $24 million pretax relates to impairment of intangible brand assets, both related to our Canadian business. The charges are principally the result of several factors. First, the change in our reporting segments now requires us to evaluate goodwill at a lower level. In the past, under the previous reporting segments, we were only required to evaluate goodwill at the total International business level. We are now required to evaluate goodwill at each reporting unit within the International segment. Second, while the performance of our International business has been steady over the last several years on a constant currency basis, the significant weakening of the Canadian dollar has negatively impacted the value of the Canadian business on a U.S. dollar basis, which is used for the goodwill analysis. Finally, the brand impairment reflects both the unfavorable foreign exchange movements as well as some weaker top line trends in this portion of the business. In addition to the impairment charges, we recognized $0.17 per diluted share of net gain from the sale of the JM Swank and Spicetec businesses. We also recognized $0.04 per diluted share of net expense related to restructuring costs and costs related to the planned spinoff of Lamb Weston. And finally, we recognized approximately $0.02 per diluted share of net benefit from favorable adjustments to state tax assets. Moving on to cash flow, capital allocation and the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $795 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Total net cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations for the first quarter were $337 million versus $64 million in the year-ago quarter. This significant increase is due to the improved operating earnings in the current quarter and higher-than-normal income tax payments in the year-ago quarter. For the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $117 million versus $102 million in the prior year quarter. Net interest expense was $59 million in the fiscal first quarter versus $80 million in the year-ago quarter due to the paydown of debt during the past 12 months. For the quarter, we paid down approximately $554 million of long-term debt, and dividends for this fiscal quarter were $110 million versus $107 million in the prior year quarter. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares of stock at a cost of approximately $86 million, and we had approximately $46 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization as of the end of the first quarter. We continue to remain committed to an investment-grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy appropriately balanced between further debt reduction, a top-tier dividend, share repurchases and additional growth investments. Lastly, our estimated effective tax rate for income from operations remains at 33.5% for the remainder of fiscal year 2017. The first quarter reported tax rate was higher primarily from the tax impacts of the noncash impairment charge and the gain on the sale of JM Swank and Spicetec. As we have noted in the release, we are not providing any comments on our outlook today. Instead, we will provide more information on our outlook for fiscal year 2017 and the long-term algorithm for both ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston at our upcoming Investor Days. We are excited about the opportunities to create value for both of these companies. This concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Sean and I, along with Tom McGough and Tom Werner, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session.
Andrew Lazar: Just two questions on gross margin, if I could. In the quarter, gross margins expanded about 200 basis points and recognizing pricing and trade spend discipline and some input costs favorability were some key drivers, I guess, was any of this due to maybe some supply chain initiatives that may have been taken but not maybe yet talked too publicly? Or is more of that on-the-come, so to speak? And I then I've just got a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Well, we'll talk quite extensively, Andrew, about our plans with supply chain when we get to Investor Day. But on gross margin, obviously, there are a number of different things that are contributing to the gains we are seeing and the gain -- the size of the gains do vary quarter-to-quarter. But the important fact is that, over the past two years, we've made tremendous progress at gross margin and operating margin, and you saw that again this quarter. Quarter-to-quarter, the progress may vary due to a number of factors, but what I'm focused on is that we continue to move the centerline of our profitability north over time, while reducing the standard deviation around that centerline. On supply chain, look, first of all, clearly, the overall goal of our collective efforts is value and margin maximization. And supply chain productivity programs have always been, and will continue to be, an important component of that. And as Dave Biegger will share at our upcoming ConAgra Brands Investor Day, strong productivity has been a legacy strength at ConAgra, and you saw some of that also this quarter. We do have a strong track record of continuous improvement in terms of network optimization, procurement, T&W, et cetera, and now that we're upgrading our volume base and reducing low-margin business, we are providing a better foundation to build off of, as we plan for future margin accretive innovation. And Dave has obviously brought a fresh perspective around how to sustain that strong historic supply chain performance and build on it even further, and he'll share those views in a few weeks.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And that leads into my next one, which is based on some of the filings of Form 10s and such, it shows that ConAgra Brands will have a or does have a gross margin that is certainly substantially -- despite the progress, right, substantially lower than the large cap peer group. And I guess, I'm just curious, and I know you'll talk more about this in couple weeks, but is there any, I guess -- or how much of that gap, let's say, with the group do you see as maybe structural? Or any reason that this gap, I guess, can't be significantly narrowed over time? And is it something we'll hear more about perhaps at the Investor Day?
Sean Connolly: Yes, it certainly will be, and if you picked up on one of the comments I made, Andrew, in my prepared remarks, if you look at our branded businesses in the U.S. as an example, you've seen margin improvement of about 700 basis points versus the same quarter two years ago. So clearly, we believe and we demonstrated that we can do the things necessary to expand those margins and by no means do we think our work is done. We will continue to chip away at that, and we'll do it using a number of different factors. And we talked about those factors but, hopefully, investors are getting a sense of how relentless we are in terms of pursuing margin expansion.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask just a little reconciliation on the quarter itself. So the timing issue was, I think, you said $30 million, so that's something like $0.05, and then the lower tax rate was maybe worth another $0.04. So is it correct that maybe if you think about this quarter, let's say, a $0.54, it's still a very solid beat over your original guidance, but those two other effects are notable. Is that -- do I have those correct?
Dave Marberger: Yes. That's correct on the $30 million, David, with the SG&A and the tax rate is actually higher because of the impacts of the sale and the impairment.
David Driscoll: Sorry, versus the estimates that were going into the quarter is what I'm getting at for how we were modeling this. But okay, fine. And then as you look forward here, the -- is there any comments that you can give us on dyssynergies? Really, Sean, your comments are so very positive, but I always wonder if when breaking these things up, isn't there just fundamentally a dyssynergy number that's got to be overcome? And would just appreciate, I know this is maybe in advance of the big Analyst Day, but is there anything you can do to help us because we've got to put numbers out today for the forward forecast and would appreciate any comments on the dyssynergy computations.
Sean Connolly: David, the strategy that we've been undertaking to transform this portfolio, we've been at it now for a while, and we have anticipated that you will have some things that flow back against you. It's one of the reasons why we moved so aggressively on the $300 million efficiency program right out of the gate is because we wanted to stay out ahead of this stuff. Similarly, it's the same reason our supply chain team is aggressively trying to get out ahead of any absorption benefits that we might lose when we pull back on volume. So we try to look around corners. We try to anticipate it and then we try to stay ahead of it. So with respect to ConAgra Brands, sure, there will be some modest stranded as we go ahead and step through these things, but that's part of the reason why you see us getting so aggressive on costs. Lamb is a standalone company, and you'll see the details on that in the Form-10. And obviously when you set up a standalone company, you're going to incur some unique costs for doing that but obviously, we strongly believe the benefit of having Lamb as an independent pure-play company with its great performance and growth prospects is really the story there. That's a terrific equity, and we can't wait to tell investors about the story in a few weeks.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Sean, I was -- in your prepared remarks, you said a lot about trying to get away from the highly priced sensitive consumer by walking away from a lot of these promotional programs, and I think that makes a lot of sense. I think one of the challenges you might have at the Analyst Day is, the perception of the portfolio of ConAgra is that a lot of the brands are targeted towards price-sensitive consumers that they are value brands. In your work on those brands, have you found kind of like a segmentation within those consumers that X percent are really price-sensitive for Chef, for example, but Y percent are very loyal. And do you have any insight for us on that that could help us?
Sean Connolly: Yes, I'll make a brief comment, Rob, and then I'll turn it over to Tom McGough to add some color. But when we're talking about these incredibly, what I'll call, price-obsessed consumers who really only buy on prices, it's not a large percentage of the user base. I mean, there is plenty -- way more brand loyal users in the user base in brands like Banquet. The issue is catering to that small group that is super price-sensitive has an unwanted effect on the balance of the business. So we've got terrific brands. And keep in mind, you've got millions and millions and millions of households out there that make $50,000 a year that need good value and -- but they are incredibly brand loyal households as well. Tom, you want to add anything to that?
Tom McGough: Sure. What I'd add is, we will provide data that splits our volume base across loyals and switchers, and the vast majority of our consumer base are those consumers that are loyal that buy their purchases based on the strength, the benefit, the features of our products. I think what Sean highlighted is that, by focusing on incremental volume to trade promotion, we're subsidizing the purchases of those people that would normally buy us at full retail price. And our focus on trade is trying to improve the ROI on those merchandising events. So at the end of the day, we will have a stronger consumer base with a higher percentage of loyal consumers, and we will drive margin improvement through the trade productivity that we will invest in those attributes that those consumers are looking for over time.
Operator: Ken Goldman with JPMorgan has our next question.
Ken Goldman: In looking at the SG&A reduction, I know you talked about how some of it was temporary. I'm trying to get a sense though of how much of the remainder of that, right, is still the majority of that reduction that's not being deferred to later in the year, we can think of as maybe permanent. So maybe could you help us break out some of the drivers of that reduction, may be roughly bucket headcount reductions versus A&P savings, things like that? And I guess, as a carload to that, in terms of the amount that was pushed out of 1Q, I think you said $25 million to $30 million, could we model all of that being in 2Q? Or should we spread that throughout the year, as we look ahead?
Sean Connolly: First of all, Ken, I'll start, and Dave, if you want to add any color, go right ahead. The SG&A program that we've been focused on is a $200 million program, that is not an A&P program. That is a structural SG&A program. And we are, obviously, making great progress against our $200 million goal. Yes, we are tracking a bit of schedule but also some of what you are seeing, as Dave mentioned, is timing. And we're going to get into our outlook in terms of how it will flow going forward in a few weeks when we get to our Investor Day for ConAgra Brands. But the way I'd think about SG&A or for that matter, any inefficiency opportunities, we got our targets, we're making good progress on our targets, and we'll always continue to look for more pockets of inefficiency because it just gives us more fuel for growth.
Dave Marberger: And Ken, let me call on that.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
Dave Marberger: Just so if you look at SG&A and you have to work through all the adjusted items, right, so if you look at the total SG&A, if you look year-on-year, we're down about $75 million for the quarter. And as I said in my remarks, about $30 million of that is really a timing that will come in, in later quarter. So that's where -- $40 million to $45 million is really the incremental kind of run rate, if you will, for the quarter for that. As you know, we started the savings in fiscal '16 really in the Q3 and 4, so Q2 will be another big incremental quarter, and then it'll start to wrap in the second half of this year where the increases will be less. But by the end of this fiscal year, we'll be 85% to 90% complete in terms of the total $200 million reduction plan.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that's helpful, Dave. Quick follow-up, if I can. On Lamb Weston, you decided to load it up with a decent amount of leverage. Is that the natural result of wanting ConAgra Brands to have a squeaky clean balance sheet, maybe for M&A? And I'm a little confused about the decision to spin it off without a permanent CFO in place, it's a little unusual. That's not about anyone in particular, I like John, I'm just not sure how much confidence investors are going to have in whatever path is, I guess, outlined at the Analyst Day given that there is a new CFO coming in a few months later. So maybe you could help us understand the decision-making there?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me try to be helpful there, Ken. With respect, first of all, to the Lamb leverage, the ConAgra Board has been squarely focused on how to maximize total value, and this is top of mind when thinking about decisions like leverage. And as you'll see at Lamb's Investor Day in a couple of weeks, it is an extremely strong business with excellent cash flows, and we are quite confident that it will continue to thrive. Beyond that, we're going to hold off until the Investor Day to get into details on things like capital priorities. With respect to the Lamb CFO, I think the big picture here that I don't want investors to lose is, we are making excellent progress rounding out the Lamb management team. You're going to learn more about these folks here in short order as well as populating the Board with seasoned veterans that are really going to help this company get off, I believe, to a flying start. We are very far along in terms of the CFO search process. I don't want to get into the details of that process or our motives publicly for obvious reasons, but with the Investor Day just a couple of weeks away, we are very fortunate to have John Gehring help us get things launched. And for those of you who weren't tracking with Ken's comments, you might have missed the -- in this morning's announcement that John will be the Interim CFO here over the course of the next couple of months, as we stand Lamb up. But again, we'll have more to talk about on our permanent CFO in the not-so-distant future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bank of America's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan Spillane: Just two quick ones for me. First, and I might have missed this, but the effective tax rate in the quarter once you've excluded all of the one-time items, just -- what's the clean sort of effective tax rate?
Dave Marberger: The clean effective tax rate, 33.5%.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the second one for you, Sean, is just -- as you're going through this process of reducing the -- your promotional activity and taking that the volume hit that comes with that, velocity starts to slow. And sometimes when velocity slows, it starts to compound on itself. So can you talk a little bit about just what you are doing? What the circuit breakers are just to make sure you don't get yourself into a situation where you've got the sort of the volume base right but it's hard to restart some velocity because of where the momentum is? And I guess, related to that, just could you confirm, it sounds like with advertising and marketing may be down in the quarter, you're still going through this process of resetting volume at a time where there's going to -- you're not really maybe necessarily fully supporting the brands with the advertising you tend to?
Sean Connolly: All right. There's a lot there. Let me try to hit the key points there. First of all, what we're doing it's a bit like if any of you have ever remodeled a house, it's a bit like that. The process is a bit messy, but if you want to get to the desired outcome, you got to go through the process. And this is a transformation that we're undertaking here, and our approach is to value profitable growth, not any growth but we do keep a close eye on markers to make sure that the business is in control and doing what we plan. So as an example, if you get into the scanner data and you peel it back, you'll see obvious things that you should expect such as baseline trends being significantly different from promoted trends. And then furthermore, if you get into baseline velocities, you will see that our baseline velocities are, in fact, quite stable. You will see TPDs going back, but you'll see TPDs going back because we, along with being very focused on price, have infused into the marketplace over a number of years a long tail of low-margin, nonproductive SKUs of multiple sizes that we are -- frankly, they had no value, so we've to get them out. Our customers appreciate that. It's part of being good category managers. And then the key is to continue to support the items that are moving at strong velocities, contemporizing them, refreshing them and then adding to them with new innovation and then ultimately proper marketing support. Now with respect to your question of marketing support in the quarter, yes, A&P was down. Some of that is timing because we do want to align our A&P spend with planned in-market actions like innovation launches and key promotions, things like that. So some of its timing, but some of it is just good discipline and getting rid of nonworking or attempted working marketing that just, frankly, wasn't. And that is you see -- and also buying better. Your GRPs were up 7% in the quarter on a fewer dollars, so the impact was reasonably respectable. And I think it's important that we keep that kind of support out there while we're taking some of these promotion items, so we can really evolve the conversation with our consumer to be about something other than price and that's we're doing. We'll talk about this quite extensively along with things like portfolio segmentation strategy in a few weeks at our Investor Day.
Operator: We'll move now to Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Two questions. Firstly, on the volume declines. You talked a lot about how a lot of that's deliberate given the actions that you're taken to improve the quality of revenues. Are you able to tell us if you haven't taken those actions, what the underlying volume decline would have been? And further, are you able to tell us roughly what proportion of overall volumes are associated with these consumer segments that you're really not that interested in? So volume is the first one. The second question is we're hearing from a number of places that retailers, particularly large retailers, are beginning to demand more reinvestment in price and promotional activity, which seems to be the opposite direction from where you're going. How do think that's going to play out in 2017? And are you confident that you can sort of hold your ground without losing distribution?
Sean Connolly: Sure. Alexia, I'll take the second one first. On the notion that some retailers may be asking for more promotion, quite frankly, that tends to vary fairly meaningfully by category depending upon what a retailer's objectives are with particular categories. In general, our customers are asking us for growth and innovation. They want to see us evolve our brand so that we're not competing on price, so that we're competing on quality measures. You see customers giving more and more real state to these challenger brands that have modern food attributes like natural, organic, premium. These are the things that consumers are demanding, and this is what many of our retailers in our categories are prioritizing. And it's precisely why we're evolving the businesses that we own as well as adding new businesses that are complementarity like Frontera, Blake's and others like that. With respect to our volume piece, let's go back to the point in my prepared remarks, I think, that really describes it best. This is a -- our actions are broad-based but the volume decline, when you add it up, is incredibly concentrated. And in our case, it was in our six brands, each of which has its own story as to what we're doing and why we're doing it. But if you use Banquet as an example because that's the biggie, here's how to think about Banquet. The bottom line is locking a brand into a $1 price point for decade. It's just not a good business decision because it puts relentless pressure on margins and in turn, food quality. And at the same time, it retrains our Banquet loyalists to buy on deal. So the change was long overdue. And while the topline optics can be ugly until you wrap a year later, it's up over 300 basis points, the business and grows margin, which is excellent news. Now we've got to continue to support the business with levers other than price. And that's what we're going to do, and that's what our customers are counting on us to do.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Lubi Kutua: This is Lubi filling in for Akshay. First question is just on the consumer brands businesses. If you can comment on advertising expense this quarter, just trying to understand the different pieces of the -- setting the profit outperformance this quarter. So how much was -- advertising expenses were down during the quarter? And how should we think about that going forward?
Sean Connolly: A&P was down in the quarter, as we talked. GRPs were up so impact was up, but we spent less money. We will move -- some of those dollars are moved into the remaining quarters for the balance of the year, as we talked. But it'll -- a piece of it was timing and a piece of it was just improved efficiency.
Operator: We'll move now to Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras: Sean, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there were some good outperformance from the supply chain team in offsetting some of the over head absorption from the volume declines. Can you talk a little bit more specifically about how they're able to go about achieving that? And then related to that, how were the volume declines tracking versus your expectations going into the quarter?
Sean Connolly: Yes. The supply chain team at ConAgra has been doing a great job for a long time. I don't know how much we've talked about the capabilities that we've had with investors, but we intend to do that in a few weeks. And we've had very strong gross productivity performance historically, and we're continuing to work to not only sustain that but to find new ways to build upon that, and we'll outline that here coming up in a few weeks for you. With respect to the volume overall, it's pretty consistent with what we expect. And if you just go back to our last couple of quarters, I've tried to be very transparent around not only our strategy, but the implications of our strategy and the notion that it's not always pretty to look at but it's important that we go through this if we're going to get to a different place. And -- but we feel like we're squarely on track.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Sean, a lot of what you've done had obviously made tremendous improvements to the value proposition. And I'm wondering, how much of -- you talked about these, your price seeking, your value only consumers, how much of this is a change in the consumers, say, over the past three or four years where maybe the strategies that were good four years ago are less relevant today? And how much of this is just you bringing a fresh set of eyes and a new methodology to the business? And I asked because maybe that -- those trends continue and it's actually maybe it's a little bit of -- it's a great time for -- I shouldn't say it's a great time, it's a much improved time for lower and middle income consumers right now with falling gas prices and wage gains. And I wonder if maybe just that improvement is helping you realize this pricing and maybe better-than-expected results?
Sean Connolly: The way I'd think about it, John, is when the consumer looks at a brand, the brand is going to communicate something to them. For a long time, our brands communicated deal. We are a deal brand and interestingly, even low income consumers are very interested in a brand communicating with them on other means. For example, there were -- there was a period of time in our past where our PAM business was heavily promoted and the only trick in the book that we turned to was dealing. But if you look at consumer trends in oil over the last few years, you see that the oils have changed, it's moved to things like olive oil, things like coconut oil. So instead of competing on PAM on price attributes, we've evolved the PAM business, and we've got olive oil PAM. We've got coconut oil PAM. These are relevant modern-day attributes that changed the discussion with the consumer to be about something that they value and they will pay more for and not about deep discounting. That's just one example. We'll talk about more examples at our Investor Day, but that's exactly what we need to do to get really the loyalty up on our business, get our prices up and build our overall brand strength to make it as modern as it can be.
Operator: Our final question today will come from Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo.
Michael Walsh: It's actually Michael Walsh filling in for Todd. Sean and Dave, you've been consistent in publicly stating your desire to retain an investment grade credit rating. And earlier, you mentioned that as well. You also mentioned debt reduction, and I know ConAgra Brands will get a $675 million payment from Lamb Weston with the spin. You're going to lose a chunk of EBITDA. Can you just talk about how much debt reduction you expect going forward? And do you have any type of leverage target that you would manage your balance sheet to?
Sean Connolly: Yes, thanks for the question. With respect to balance sheet questions, we're going to get into that in earnest in a few weeks at Investor Day. But with respect to ConAgra Brands, big picture as we've said and as you pointed out, as we intend to continue our commitment to being rated investment grade, we'll continue to a balanced capital allocation philosophy with strong dividend and a willingness to buy back shares and an appreciation for smart, value creating M&A. All of those things are fair game, which is not a departure from where we've been but rather very consistent. But we'll get into more details here on that in a few weeks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Nystedt, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Johan Nystedt: Thank you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. As always, we're available for discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-06-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Johan Nystedt - VP, Treasury & IR Sean Connolly - CEO John Gehring - CFO Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Tom Werner - President, Commercial Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Goldman - JPMorgan John Colantuon - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Akshay Jagdale  Jefferies Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to introduce your hosts from ConAgra Foods for today's program, Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; John Gehring, Chief Financial Officer; and Johan Nystedt, Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Johan Nystedt: Good morning. I'm Johan Nystedt, ConAgra's new VP, Treasury and IR. As Chris mentioned at the April earnings call, we're transitioning the IR function to my team here in Chicago. Chris is not able to join today's call due to a family matter. While he will be back next week, feel free to reach out to me directly on any follow-up questions you may have. My contact details is at the top of the earnings release. I realize that I have big shoes to fill and I'm looking forward to be working with you. That said, during today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve.  So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found either in the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website at investor.ConAgraFoods.com. Click financial reports and filings, then non-GAAP reconciliations. Now, I'll turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Johan. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year FY '16 earnings. I'm pleased with our results which reflect the progress we're making as we continue to execute our strategy to drive focus and discipline across the Company. Diluted comparable EPS for FY '16 was $2.08, compared with $1.93 in FY '15 which included an extra week. For the fourth quarter, we delivered comparable EPS of $0.52, slightly above our $0.50 guidance. Before John and I get into details of our full year and Q4 results, I want to provide you with a bit of context and perspective on where we're as we continue to build the foundation to support ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston as separate, pure play businesses following the spin plan for later this year. It's been a very busy year and I'm pleased with the way the Organization has embraced the changes needed to drive value across ConAgra. We have not only implemented many of the structural changes necessary to create a more focused Company, but we have materially evolved our culture, adopting the discipline, focus and performance orientation we need to succeed going forward. We began the year with an aggressive agenda and accomplished a tremendous amount. You've heard me discuss many of our accomplishments throughout the year and we haven't let up. We have much more to do to fully optimize our business which will take time, but we're committed to the challenge. Consistent with our efforts to become a more focused Company, over the last several weeks we reached agreements to sell two terrific businesses that will be better served by more focused ownership, Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and JM Swank. We will receive combined proceeds from these sales of approximately $480 million. These divestitures will sharpen our attention around our core product portfolio to drive sustainable growth and the sales of Spicetec and JM Swank further position us to execute a smooth separation into two pure play companies, ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston, in the coming months. We expect to utilize the proceeds from the Spicetec and JM Swank divestitures as part of our broader balanced capital allocation plan which includes debt reduction, an attractive dividend, share repurchases and acquisitions. In addition to bringing more focused, the actions we took during the year enabled us to reduce our debt by approximately $2.5 billion and our balance sheet is much stronger than it was just 12 months ago. Since we last spoke in Q3, we've also continued to build momentum around our $300-million efficiency plan and our efforts to transform ConAgra into a lean, agile and more focused Company in order to improve profitability and unlock shareholder value. We recognize there's still more to do on this front and we continue to expect to realize the majority of our efficiency improvements in FY '17 and FY '18. As part of our transformation to a more leaner and nimble Company, we're settling into our corporate headquarters in downtown Chicago. In fact for, the first time, we're conducting this call from our new space. We moved in early this week and we're excited to have the Leadership Team and our consumer business under one roof. It's a great new space and our Team is energized and the more open floor plan will foster enhanced collaboration and accelerate our shift to a more innovative and tightly connected culture which will play a key role in driving performance and in creating value. Our Team also remains hard at work on the separation of ConAgra into two public pure play companies. We expect to file the initial Form 10 by the middle of July and will be hosting Investor Days for both companies in advance of the completion of the spin. We will be following up later this Summer with more specifics regarding the date, times and locations for those meetings. Our teams are working diligently to prepare ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston for their lives as standalone public companies. We remain highly confident that this is the right path to maximize value for stakeholders, who will benefit from improved operating performance and consistency from both businesses. With FY '16 complete, the Team is proud of our accomplishments on behalf of shareholders and we now begin FY '17 ready to build on our momentum. It will take time to truly optimize ConAgra, but this Team has developed the refuse-to-lose attitude that I believe will enable our success. So on to our segment performance. As you know, our focus in Consumer Foods is on unlocking the significant latent potential of the business by expanding margins, improving brand health and delivering more consistent performance. We have aggressively executed against that strategy during FY '16 by allocating resources more efficiently through portfolio segmentation with a focus on building a higher-quality investment-grade volume base. At the same time, we're becoming more effective in pricing, mix management and trade promotion productivity and more efficient from a supply chain perspective. These advancements, coupled with favorable commodity input costs, provided us with fuel to grow profits, reinvest in the business and position our volume base for the long term. Clearly, we still is have more to do to realize our full potential as a branded food company. That said, we've made tremendous progress by re-igniting our operating performance this year. For the year, sales declined as we expected, consistent with our efforts to upgrade our volume base, take selective pricing actions were justified and improve our trade spend discipline. As we said early in the year, the payoff was going to be in margins, not sales and our results reflected our progress against that objective. Gross margins expanded, providing good fuel to reinvest in the business. For the full fiscal year, comparable operating margin grew to just under 17%, almost a 200-basis-point improvement over last year and comparable operating profit grew 7% to $1.2 billion, overall, a strong performance by the Team. In addition, we made progress throughout the year as we invested behind A&P Reddi brands, like Reddi-wip, Marie Callender's, PAM, Bertolli, Slim Jim and Hunt's. For the year, we increased A&P spending 12%, including 8% in Q4. Importantly, we have developed a much more rigorous and targeted approach to allocating these dollars against brands where we can drive the greatest margin impact. Our results for the quarter mirrored our results for the full year, as we experienced a 5% decline in net sales after adjusting for the benefit of the extra week last year, principally driven by volume declines related to the actions we're taking on pricing and trade spend. In fact, virtually all of the volume decline was a result of Banquet pricing associated with product upgrades and a broader portfolio decision to walk away from promoted volume that offered weak returns and conditioned the consumer to look for deep discounts. Once again, this was planned as we successfully expanded gross margins, allowing us to increase our brand investments and strengthen our non-promoted volume base. Operating margins also increased during quarter to slightly over 17%. Although comparable operating profit declined for the quarter to $290 million, this was a function of the extra week in the prior year, FX and the volume impact of pricing and trade actions, partially offset by lower SG&A. Expanding operating margin was our goal for the quarter and our focus on price mix and supply chain and SG&A productivity delivered results. Our FY '16 results are a testament to the fact that our strategy is working. Importantly, we're at the early stages of what we can achieve as a standalone business and I'm more encouraged than ever about the work happening in Consumer Foods and the significant opportunity ahead as we continue to accelerate our progress. As I've said before, discipline and investment create a virtuous cycle. Over time, stronger brands lead to better pricing power and higher margins and we're clearly on the right path to maximizing value here. We look forward to sharing much more with you on ConAgra Brands at the Investor Day this fall. Now, turning to Commercial Foods, for the year, net sales were approximately $4 billion, up slightly from the prior year. Operating profit was approximately $630 million, up nearly 12% from the prior year. Fourth quarter net sales were approximately $1 billion, down approximately 6% from the prior year, due principally to the 53rd week in the year-ago period. Operating profit was $156 million, in line with the year-ago results. We continue to see significant opportunities to drive growth across the Lamb Weston business, supported by food-away-from-home trends in the U.S. as well as growing demand in emerging markets. Consistent with our plans to capitalize on these trends, we recently announced an important investment in our Richland, Washington facility to expand our domestic production capacity which we also leverage for exports. We also announced an exciting investment in Russia by our Lamb Weston/Meijer joint venture. These investments will enhance our ability to support the increasing consumer demand for value-added potato products and the steady growth in key emerging markets like Russia. Ultimately, we expect these investments will contribute to our ability to continue to grow our share and deliver strong top- and bottom-line results for shareholders. More broadly, we continue to make good progress in preparing Lamb Weston to become a standalone business. We will be providing more details in the weeks to come. Before I turn it over to John, as always, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the resilience and dedication of our talented Team as we work to transform ConAgra into a stronger, more consistent Company with a more valuable future. While FY '16 was a year of significant change, we remain a work in progress. That said, I'm more confident than ever as we look ahead and I greatly appreciate the energy and focus on serving our customers that I see on display on a daily basis. Over to you, John.
John Gehring: Thank you, Sean and good morning, everyone. In my comments this morning, I will address several topics, including a recap of our 2016 fiscal fourth quarter performance; comparability matters; cash flow, capital and balance sheet items; and some brief comments on our outlook for FY '17. I'll start with some comments on our performance in our fiscal fourth quarter. Overall, we reported a loss of $0.07 per share from continuing operations, compared with $0.54 of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the prior-year quarter. The decrease from prior year is principally driven by a substantial noncash charge related to the year-end remeasurement of pension amounts. I'll provide some additional comments on this pension charge when I discuss comparability items. After adjusting for this charge and other items impacting comparability, diluted EPS from continuing operations for the fiscal fourth quarter was $0.52, slightly better than we had planned and modestly below the $0.55 in the year-ago period. As a reminder, the prior fiscal year and fourth quarter included an additional week which added roughly $0.04 per share to the EPS base. In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.7 billion for the quarter, down about 12% from the year-ago period. We estimate that the extra week impacted Consumer Foods sales and volume by approximately 7%. After adjusting for the benefit of the extra week in the prior year, net sales declined 5%, reflecting a 4% decline in volume, flat price mix and a negative 1% impact from foreign exchange. Segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $290 million in the fourth quarter, versus $324 million in the year-ago quarter. The decline in comparable earnings reflects lower volumes, including the impact of the extra week in the year-ago quarter and a negative FX impact of about 2%, partially offset by lower SG&A. For the fiscal fourth quarter, operating margin, adjusted for items impacting comparability, expanded modestly, driven by a slightly larger increase in gross margins. While the year-over-year comparable margin expansion slowed this quarter, we note that the FY '15 fourth quarter delivered very strong margin expansion and during that quarter, we began to see the impacts from our margin expansion efforts. For the full year, operating margins, adjusted for items impacting comparability, expanded over 180 basis points reflecting pricing discipline, mix management, supply chain efficiencies and favorable input costs, offset by higher marketing and incentive costs. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $64 million, up about 8% from the prior-year quarter, reflecting our efforts to continue to strengthen and support our brands. Foreign exchange this fiscal quarter had negative impacts of $15 million on net sales and about $7 million on operating profit. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion or about 6% below the prior-year quarter, principally reflecting the impact of the extra week in the year-ago period. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $151 million, versus $154 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease reflects the impact of the extra week in the prior year and higher incentives expense, partially offset by good sales and margin performance in our Lamb Weston business. Equity method investment earnings were $31 million for the current quarter and $30 million in the year-ago period. Moving on to corporate expenses, for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $414 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $62 million, in line with the year-ago quarter, reflecting benefits from our cost savings efforts, offset by higher incentives expense. On our SG&A cost savings initiatives, we're making good progress and we expect to realize the majority of our $200 million of SG&A cost savings over the next two years. Further, as I have previously noted, the benefit of our previously announced cost savings programs are concentrated in our Consumer business and we have developed aggressive targets and plans so that we can both offset modest stranded costs as they arise and selectively invest back into the business to build capabilities that will expand operating margins over time. Discontinued operations posted diluted EPS of $0.34 in the fourth quarter. Substantially all of the earnings relate to a $147-million tax benefit associated with the recognition of a portion of the capital loss carry forward asset resulting from the sale of the Private Label operations earlier this year. We expect to utilize the $147 million of capital loss asset to offset substantially all of the tax liabilities related to the recently announced divestitures of our Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings business and our JM Swank business which are expected to be completed during the first quarter of FY '17. On comparability items, this quarter included several items as follows. First, we had approximately $0.49 per diluted share of net expense related to the year-end remeasurement of pension amounts. This charge is related to the accounting change we made several years ago whereby we elected to immediately recognize significant actuarial gains and losses in our P&L rather than amortize them over time. The non-cash charge this year is driven by the drop in interest rates and therefore our discount rate and some lower returns on investments over the short term. Importantly, we remain comfortable with our current funding levels. In addition to this item, we also had approximately $0.07 per diluted share of net expense related to an impairment charge for our Chef Boyardee brand, driven by our plans to improve the quality of the volume base which we expect to result in lower net sales over the near term. Next, we had approximately $0.04 per diluted share of net expense related to restructuring costs and costs related to the previously announced planned spinoff of Lamb Weston. We also had approximately $0.03 per diluted share of net gain related to the mark-to-market impact of derivatives used to hedge input costs, temporarily classified in unallocated corporate expense. Finally, we had several smaller items, including approximately $0.01 per diluted share of expense for recent developments in a legacy legal matter, approximately $0.01 per diluted share of benefit from selling certain assets within the Commercial Foods segment, approximately $0.01 per diluted share expense for adjustments to prior-year tax credits and about $0.01 of rounding.  On cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, we ended the quarter with $835 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Operating cash flows from continuing operations for FY '16 were approximately $1.05 billion, versus $1.22 billion in the year-ago quarter. The decrease is driven principally by higher tax payments in the current fiscal year. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $150 million, versus $103 million in the prior-year quarter. Net interest expense was $61 million in the fiscal fourth quarter, versus $88 million in the year-ago quarter and dividends for this fiscal quarter were $109 million, versus $107 million in the prior-year quarter. On capital allocation, we remain committed to an investment-grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy appropriately balanced between further debt reduction, a top-tier dividend, share repurchases and additional growth investments. For the year, we repaid approximately $2.5 billion of debt, mainly from the proceeds from the sale of the Private Label operations earlier this year. During the fiscal fourth quarter, we did not repurchase any shares and we have approximately $132 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. Also, the Company recently announced agreements to sell its Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings business and the JM Swank business, each of which is part of the Commercial Foods segment. The transactions are expected to generate combined proceeds of approximately $480 million and both transactions are expected to close during the fiscal first quarter of 2017. As previously noted, we plan to utilize approximately $147 million of our capital loss carryforwards to substantially eliminate taxes that would otherwise be payable in connection with these sales. Also, the remaining capital loss of approximately $3.6 billion pretax or $1.4 billion after tax, is available to offset capital gains over the next five years. We remain confident that the Company will be able to realize significant tax benefits in the future as we work to reshape our portfolio in a disciplined manner. These proceeds are expected to be utilized as part of our broader balanced capital allocation plan.  Now, I'd like to provide a few comments on our outlook for FY '17. First of all, given the pending Lamb Weston spinoff, we're not in position today to provide EPS guidance for the full fiscal year. As we have noted, we believe our Investor Days will be the proper form ever forum to provide both FY '17 and long term guidance for both companies. Further, on the timing of the spinoff, we're on schedule to complete the spin this fall. We expect to file a Form 10 over the next couple of weeks and once we get further into the Form 10 process later this summer, we expect to be in a position to provide dates for our Investor Days. For FY '17, while we're not in a position to provide full-year EPS guidance, I would note the following. For Q1 FY '17, we expect EPS growth to be in the mid to high teens from our earnings base of $0.41, driven by continued focus on margin management across both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments, continued strong top-line performance in our Commercial Foods segment, increased benefits from our cost savings programs and lower interest costs. We will also continue to invest in capabilities to strengthen and position our brands for stronger growth over the long term.  Overall we expect the positive trends from our FY '16 to continue into FY '17. We look forward to building out our long term expectations at our Investor Days, at which time, we can provide more details about portfolio segmentation and expectations for top-line growth, margin expansion, capital allocation of financial policies, phasing of our SG&A and trade efficiency benefits, brand investment targets, as well as the short term impacts of any stranded costs associated with the planned Lamb Weston spinoff. In closing, we're pleased with our FY '16 performance and the changes we were able to execute to improve the long term health of the Company. We still have a lot of work to do, but we're confident we're taking the right actions to drive attractive value creation over time. That concludes our formal remarks. Before I turn it back over to Sean, I just wanted to briefly address my pending retirement. I'm excited to begin the next phase of my life and am looking forward to the opportunity to allocate more time to my family and interests outside of business. I'm equally excited, though, about the future of this Company. I've enjoyed seeing new Team come together under Sean's leadership and I'm confident that the Company is on the right track. It's been a privilege to work at ConAgra Foods for the past 14-plus years and to have served as its CFO for the last 7.5. Lastly, I will miss the relationships I've developed with many of you in the analyst and investor community over the years and I appreciate your interest in the Company and the insights and questions you've shared over the years. Now, let me turn it back over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, John. Before we turn things over to the Q&A section, I'd just like to say how grateful we're for John's many years of distinguished service to our Company. Johns has been an outstanding CFO, leader and friend and John, we wish you the very best of luck in your next chapter. With that, Operator, let's move to the Q&A please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: One of the key strategies you've embarked on is the Consumer segment de-emphasizing the non-investment grade volume in favor of margins and returns and we've seen that obviously manifest itself on the top line with lower volumes but higher price mix. So I was a little surprised to see that price mix in the quarter was flat despite the more significant volume decline in the quarter, so was there any specific reason I guess discrete this quarter that we didn't see more of that come through and then in the forward-looking commentary for the first quarter, price mix was one of the things listed that was expected to be a positive contributor so maybe what's expected to drive that improvement sequentially versus what the pricing that did not come through in the fourth quarter?
Tom McGough: Let me just kind of set the background on price mix. We think about pricing in terms of three components, the first is inflation justified, the second, proven by trade productivity and the third pricing in conjunction with brand and quality upgrades that we made. When you look at Q4 there are several things that are affecting price mix in the quarter. Our pricing activities are focused on how do we increase our overall margin which we did in the quarter. So in terms of inflation justified pricing we're being more disciplined and timely in pricing for commodity changes both up and down. As you know the vast majority of our brands are not in pass through categories but there are a categories that tend to be pass-through and one of those is fresh meat and in Q4 we saw protein deflation that we pass through on brands like Hebrew National and Odom's Tennessee Pride. So that was a deflationary, we built our overall margins. We continue to make progress on the second piece in terms of our trade productivity, we've committed to $100 million of productivity savings that's going to show itself up into additional gross margin which we saw in the quarter. You see it in the measured results we're making progress in lowering our percent on deal and you'll continue to see positive impact of that forward. And then finally when we restage a brand like Banquet which weve talked about we'll increase our price with those product upgrades. In this quarter we also launched a line of organic Healthy Choice steamers at premium pricing so that was a positive contributor. So what you see overall is the impact of this pricing end market, higher average price, lower promoted volumes and importantly a healthier more profitable non-promoted base. So overtime I think what you can expect is that our pricing margins will move up while there may be some quarter on quarter variations.
Operator: We'll move now to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: One quick one and then if I can sneak that one in then my more fundamental question. John, are you planning on sticking around until the next CFO has been identified? I was a bit confused because your comments today seem to suggest you may be departing a bit sooner than that?
A  John Gehring: No, I will be here and I will work with the new CFO when he or she comes on Board and we will have a very full transition process so there will be plenty of overlap.
Ken Goldman: And then I guess my question is this in terms of the consumer segment margin -- I realize you were up -- you talked about some of this and I realized you were up against a tougher comparison in the fourth quarter but if we go back even if we look at a two year basis the pace of margin improvement did slow fairly meaningfully from Q3 and you talked about certain things like FX, but you also did just mention cheaper meat which usually is a tail-wind for margins. So I'm just curious if you could really help us sort of bucket some of those margin headwinds you faced in the quarter and which of these you think will stick around into 1Q perhaps?
Tom McGough: So just for background, expanding margins is a foundation of building stronger brands and accelerating our growth in the future and that's an ongoing continuous process. As we talked about there's a lot of components in terms of margin, there's certainly the pricing components, there's the productivity component, there's improvement in mix and then margin growth through renovation and innovation. So only the first really inflation justified pricing is only one component of margin but we did see some deflation of protein. In light of that we did see overall gross margins expand from the other component of our plan, particularly productivity lower commodities. I think you see end market our average price per unit is increasing and our margins were up as a result of this holistic approach. Over time our margins are going to grow, there's going to be quarter on quarter variations but we're committed to continue to drive a holistic approach to the margin expansion.
A  Sean Connolly: I think one of the keys is as we pursue margin expansion we pursue higher quality volume base. We're not going to get overly exercised about some variability from quarter to quarter because every quarter has got a bit of a different story to it whether it's wrap, whether it's seasonality, whether it's the mix of products that we've got moving through it. The fact of the matter is our absolute margins and consumer continue to be in a significantly improved position versus where they've been historically and that's because of the discipline that we're driving and you know we're going to continue to drive that discipline here in the next couple of quarters because we've got a [indiscernible] out of our base some behaviors that we're not adding to value. So you're going to continue to see as we've talked before we want to see the center line of our profitability move north over time. There may be some variability around that quarter to quarter based on the dynamics of the quarter we're in but our goal is to drive the center line north over time and reduce the standard deviation around that center line and we continue to feel excellent about kind of the progress we're making in the path we're on.
Operator: Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley has our next question.
John Colantuon : This is John calling in for Matt. There has been some recent speculation around the potential for Lamb Weston to potentially be sold rather than spun. Without commenting on any specific transactions can you just address whether you're still open to potential alternative transactions for that specific asset and is there anything that you would lead -- would there be anything that would rule out you leading  would there be anything that would rule out you divesting the business at this stage rather than spinning it off?
A  Sean Connolly: Well I appreciate you not asking to comment on rumor or speculation because we wouldn't be able to do that but I will reiterate that we're and we have been focused squarely focused on value maximization. We remain highly confident that our planned spin does the best job of meeting that objective. I've also said that many times that if something real and clearly superior were to emerge we would be open minded but the fact is we feel great about the spin and have all of our energy focused on executing that with excellence.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Looking at the Commercial Foods segment, a little bit of a deceleration at the top line and just a couple of questions within that, first, youre broadly kind of what's going on pricing versus volume in that and regionally if there's any other special details in there and secondly, it looks like you sold about 11% of the annual revenues of that business and these two transactions, was there anything outsized in those two businesses that presumably were part of that base and won't be going forward that may be affected that top line trend in commercial this quarter. Thanks very much and congratulations, John.
A  Tom Werner: This is Tom Werner. Commercial Foods, the fundamentals of the business remain intact and I think your deceleration question is referring to Q3 to Q4 I'm assuming. If you remember in Q3, this year, we were lapping the port impact from prior year and that was significant volume and sales contributor to Q3 no question about it. On a comparable basis, in Q4 total commercial, we saw modest single digit low single digit growth volume and sales and the business fundamentally are in good shape going forward, feel really good about the growth prospects.
Jonathan Feeney: And anything specific about the businesses you sold trend wise versus the business you're keeping?
A  Tom Werner: No, they performed really well in FY '16. You know and as Sean mentioned we feel excited about their path going forward with their new owners.
Operator: We'll move now to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Two quick ones for me first, the Form 10 now going to be filed in Mid July, John can you just -- I think previously you were thinking about late Spring so can you just give us some color in terms of why it's taking a little longer to file it?
A  John Gehring: I think that it's just the process of going through all of the carve out financial statements and as I'm sure you're familiar with 410s there's a lot of comprehensive information that has to be gathered at a much different level of detail that is just taking a little bit longer. So I don't think there's anything significant there. We feel good about the timetable. Obviously, there's a significant SEC review process that probably adds some variability to the time as we go forward but as I indicated, I think we're going to monitor that process closely and then like I said by the end of the Summer we should have a better opportunity to bracket precise timing on the close as well as the Investor Day, but nothing significant other than just the volume work required to get the document put together.
Bryan Spillane: And then just the second one in terms of the $300 million of targeted savings, can you just give us a sense just how much you've already realized maybe what was in the quarter and how much you've realized so far to date?
A  John Gehring: I'd say for the year for fiscal 16 I think we were something north of $50 million, might be a little bit more than that and then as obviously as weve said as we get into fiscal '17 and '18 we would expect to see and again I'm speaking right now the $200 million of SG&A. So we would expect to see the lion share of the SG&A in '17 and '18. I would tell you we would expect to see some ramp up in SG&A savings as we go through FY '17 because as we enter the year we still have some duplicate costs as people transition in new jobs and people transition out of the same jobs, for instance. So I think we feel good about the lion share of that going forward and then on the trade phasing I might ask Tom or Sean to comment briefly on any significant insights there.
A  Sean Connolly: Sure, our process in terms of trade spending is going to be a perpetual process of using advanced analytics to measure, learn and improve our spending. Certainly over the course of this fiscal year we've made fairly significant improvement and you'll continue to see those in the upcoming periods.
Operator: We'll move now to Citigroup's David Driscoll.
David Driscoll: Just a couple of details and then a question for you, Sean. Just wanted to know, could you quantify what the benefit from lower input cost was in the quarter? And then is there any concern just about comping that next year? And then in the guidance, the double-digit number -- apologies guys, maybe you don't want to answer this -- but is that like 10% to 12% or does that mean 10% to 15%? I just don't know what the double digit means or how to appropriately deal with that for the Q1 guidance. And then Sean, the big picture question for you is, clearly, your enthusiasm is loud and clear. The volume losses, though, from an outside perspective, they do sometimes worry us and I'm just concerned about shelf space losses and does it mean that you have to put in a sizeable marketing investment to start to moderate these things in FY '17 and FY '18. Thank you.
John Gehring: I was trying to write all that down, so I may miss something here. But let me start with the Q1 FY '17 double digits. As I clarified in my script, we're looking at that to be in the mid to upper teens. I recognize that double digits probably means anything from 10 to 99, so I think if you think in terms of mid to upper teens, that's probably the range that would help you tighten up that range. I think you asked a question about deflation in the quarter. I'd say it was fairly modest. I don't have the number off the top of my head, but commodities probably showed a little bit of favorability. Our conversion costs were probably up a little bit. As we look forward to FY '17, I would say we probably are looking at continued benign commodity markets as we sit here today, that probably means we may still have some modest inflation just because we're coming off such a low base of commodities, but overall, we feel pretty good about the commodity inputs for FY '17 as well as our -- we'll have some conversion cost inflation which is not the majority of our COGS. But the important thing is, to the extent we have inflation or commodity moves, I think as Tom has indicated and Sean has certainly indicated, our muscles and our capabilities around pricing and expanding margins in the face of either increasing or decreasing margins is much better than it was even a few years ago. So I think the whole margin management capability and the holistic capability for us to manage margins higher as commodities move around is much stronger.
Sean Connolly: David, let me address the point you're making out of volume because I think this is a critical point. First of all, if you look at our overall story in Consumer, as I've said many times, we've got to remember this is a transformation we're undergoing here, not a flip of the switch. And on volume in particular, the bottom line is this. It is an undeniable fact that our past promotional practices have embedded in our volume base a group of consumers who are not brand loyal, who only buy on hot deals and who contribute virtually nothing to our profitability. It's also true that by catering to them, we have underserved the bulk of our volume base and these are consumers who would be willing to pay more for more contemporary, higher-quality offerings. The good news here around this whole dynamic is that it's reversible if we're willing to stick to our principles around optimizing mix and also refreshing the targeted brands for a new day. No one said this was going to be easy, but it is absolutely the right way to manage a branded asset for value creation. We know from years of experience what the alternative gets us and that's precisely why we do not get spooked when we see volumes pull back and margins expand. It's exactly what we expect [indiscernible]. In fact, I think in Q4, the volume backoff in Consumer was in the ballpark of 3.7% which frankly, in the scheme of what we're trying to do of purging some of these really bad deep-discount promotional behaviors, is frankly small in my mind. So that is a key point. The end game here is obviously what we're all about which is stronger brands, better innovation, better margins and ultimately, stronger growth and shareholder returns. And recall in the last year, we recruited a new Chief Growth Officer to run our Growth Center of Excellence and he is quite busy installing new work processes and raising our overall capability in this area. I'm looking forward to sharing some of these updates with you guys at Investor Day, but overall, I am quite optimistic around what the Growth Center of Excellence in partnership with our brands will be able to accomplish in this portfolio. In the meantime, we will absolutely let some of this non-investment-grade volume go and we will happily take the associated margin expansion.
Operator: We'll move next to David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Really following up on that, you mentioned the $100 million opportunity in promotion and spending and efficiency. How much did ConAgra decrease in its promotion spending in FY '16 and how, specifically, did the Company achieve this? Was this predominantly in frozen entrees and done in conjunction with SKU rationalization? And I have a follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Let me make one general comment and I'll turn it over to Tom to give you some specific comments. ConAgra historically has probably been the least disciplined Company in our space with respect to taking pricing when it's justified, but also we've probably been the most over reliant in terms of deep discount trade and we clearly need to undo that. But what I find interesting is you really see that in the scanner data right now. If you look at the percent of our total volume base sold on deal past 52 weeks, past 26, past 12 and past four, you see sequential reductions in percent of our volumes sold on deal, to the point where we've gone from being one of the most over promoted companies in our is space to one of the leaders and obviously, as we do that we're going to see volume impact, we're going to see efficiency, but we're also going to have to reinvest behind the brands in other ways which is what we've done this year as you look at our A&P spend and increase year on year, but with respect to the $100-million program that you're talking about, like the SG&A program, it will build sequentially across 2016, 2017 and 2018 and a big part of that is because we're getting our sea legs. We're going from being fairly rough around the edges so to speak in terms of our capabilities here to much more system-based, much more analytical and once you develop the database on what's working, what's not, it's that virtuous cycle you improve on it. So small amount of improvement in this past year, ramping up this year and continuing to ramp up through 2018. I miss anything there Tom?
Tom McGough: I think what I would add is we talk about $100 million of productivity improvement. That's likely going to come through margin expansion and not necessarily lower spending. This is not simply about cutting trade spending. It's about using advanced analytics to develop programs that have higher impact and better returns for both ourselves and our customers. So we measure our progress in terms of margin expansion and not so much in terms of the absolute amount of money we spend on trade.
David Palmer : And my follow-up on that is it strikes me this reminds me a little of Kraft Heinz where it looked like you are building capabilities at the same time you're ripping off band-aids that are more obvious opportunities but perhaps have volume consequences. So in other words, perhaps going forward, you think you might be smarter at shifting trade promotions into the better ones, whereas earlier on, this had to do a little bit with just cutting unprofitable volume and taking that hit. Is that a fair characterization of what's going on?
Sean Connolly: There should be a mix shift over time, certainly, but let me just address something that somebody may have mentioned before and perhaps we didn't hit it, but it comes up on every call and I just want to address it head on which is should you guys expect a rebase from us in terms of A&P spend as we back off trade and things like that and I just don't see a rebase in front of us. We're a year into our game plan. We're making progress. We're going to keep working at the fundamentals here because we feel really good about what we're seeing. We certainly have more to do, but it's not like we're in inning one and we need to double down and wildly ratchet up our A&P in a sudden way. I just don't see that for us. We're going to do this in a thoughtful, analytical, disciplined way and if there's a migration, it will be an orderly migration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale: Just two questions, first one is for Sean and the other is for John. But this first question is bigger picture in terms of your portfolio segmentation process, Sean. I know you are not ready to give us all of the details of what's going to happen, but can you just give us some insights on where you are timing-wise in that process and the only evidence we have seen as a function of that process is you decided to fix Banquet. You're selling some ancillary brands or businesses that you have. So those are the biggest things we see so far. Is that a fair assessment? And so just can you give us some insights into timing and where you are really in the process and maybe big buckets in which we should think about your portfolio, like fix, sell, ready for A&P and so on and so forth, anything that would be helpful and then for John, just on the business that you just sold, the Spicetec business, I believe you said it was $470 million in sales. There was some pretty vague commentary on profitability. If you could give us some insights into how much the EBIT was that you're losing from that, that would be very helpful. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Let me touch on portfolio segmentation. First of all, we will go deep on that with our investors at Investor Day and we'll have Darren Serrao literally walk through how we went about the process, because if you look at our branded portfolio, we have roughly 50 brands and unlike the old days, we're not going to take a first-horse-to-the-trough approach to resources around here on those 50 brands. We will be very disciplined around the roles each of those brands play in creating value. The simplest way to think about it is, first, we look at where do we compete in categories that are fundamentally healthy and growing and within those categories, do we have brands that are proven and strong competitors? If you'll see those markers, those are obviously places, especially assuming if you've got a good margin structure, where you're going to get a good return on A&P investment, so those become priorities in terms of renovating the brand, innovating the brand and supporting the brand. In other cases, we find we've got categories where perhaps the format has changed and it has shifted, but we still have perhaps the leading trademark with respect to the product, but we haven't moved into adjacencies or updated formats with the category. That's a simple innovation opportunity that is existing because, frankly, we're just not minding the shop. There are other businesses where we have historically invested in innovation and growth, but that shouldn't be the role of those businesses. Those businesses are major cash contributors. They are in mature categories. They have excellent margin and cash flow and we need to manage them for that because if we do that, that will provide fuel to really unlock all of the potential in the higher-growth categories. And then as we'll look at the portfolio, there may be one or two things we say, gee, we don't necessarily love the category. We don't necessarily have the answer in terms of what to do with these businesses. Maybe it's more valuable to somebody else than it is to us and if we find those, we've got this capital loss carryforward that's an asset that we've got here for roughly the next five years. So it will be a holistic approach to improving the businesses we have, optimizing the mix within our portfolio and also, if we see something on the outside that would be complementary to our portfolio, enable us to refresh our portfolio, especially in the areas of premium, gourmet organic, natural, that could be a good enhancement and addition to our portfolio. We did Blake's last year. That was a small one, but it's the right kind of stuff to really round out our portfolio and capitalize on our manufacturing assets and capabilities.
John Gehring: And on the businesses we sold, we're not in position today to disclose the EBIT on those businesses. What I would say is your sales are right. $470 million will come out on an annualized basis roughly. The proceeds were $480 million and I would tell you that the divestitures will be very modestly dilutive.
Operator: Deutsche Bank's Mario Contreras has our next question.
Mario Contreras: I just wanted to focus in on the Banquet brand. So for the last couple of quarters, that's obviously been a volume headwind, although it sounds like it's been relatively in line with your expectations. Has there been any sequential improvement this quarter versus what you saw last quarter? Are consumers getting any more used to the change in the promoted price point strategy? And then on top of that, I think in conjunction with this activity, there's been some price increases related to quality changes, so is there any way to parse out what the response has been to those actions in particular? And then just building on top of that, if there's any learnings you can take from that and apply to other brands that may be undergoing this type of strategy going forward?
Tom McGough: This is Tom McGough. In terms of Banquet, it's been a very consistent and reliable contributor to profits over time and what we've done is we've looked at ways to invest to sustain that. And there are two things going on. As you mentioned, we took an everyday price increase getting off a decades-long price point of $1 and at the same time, we've eliminated discounts that took that price well below $1 at times. We're essentially just a couple quarters into the migration. I think it's important to highlight is that we made product quality improvements in conjunction with the pricing. What we're seeing from a consumer standpoint is that there are certainly households that bought Banquet because of the tremendous price value. We anticipated that we would lose some of those households. What we're beginning to see in the data is that the product quality upgrades are beginning to improve our repeat. So over time, we're going to see a business that our repeat purchase rate, our purchase frequency builds. But we're starting from a base of decades of $1 pricing and it is going to take several -- it will take time for us to rebuild business. What we do know is that we've significantly improved the margins of the business that have allowed us to invest.
Operator: We'll move now to Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the innovation priorities? You've talked about increasing advertising spending and I'd love to hear maybe a little bit more about the advertising outlook, but in order to effectively advertise, obviously, innovation is the set of product messages you need to put out there. You mentioned product upgrades just now. Are there any specific additional factors or priorities within the innovation pipeline that you're focused on at the moment? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Sean Connolly: Yes, innovation, obviously, is going to be a centerpiece of what our new Growth Center of Excellence is focused on and partnering with Tom's Team on and as you think about ConAgra with respect to innovation, I think you should anticipate that we will run the gamut from necessary renovation and even some of the stuff we've done this past year where we've updated the package designs for the first time literally since the 80s. That's basic renovation stuff. It's not going to set the world on fire, but it is critically important to present our brands in a way that they look like they're from the modern era, but then we're also working on bolder innovations. As an example, last year we conducted a test market of a new product called Wicked Kitchen in the Southeast and we learned a tremendous amount and there were some really exciting things there.  So the Innovation Team is working on refreshing Wicked Kitchen and we'll show the market what that's going to look like when we do our Investor Day along with some other things. In terms of the kinds of benefits that you should anticipate we'll bring, well, it will be across the board and it will be in line with consumer trends, whether it's global flavor adventure, convenience, things like that. But in general, where we under index in our portfolio the most is really in, as I've talked about, the premium gourmet and then the natural organic and by not really tapping into those consumers, we're missing incremental sales and profit opportunities. Number one, they tend to be higher dollar range. Number two, they are totally incremental to a lot of the businesses we already have in terms of benefit. And number three, in most cases, we use our existing asset base, so it's very economically efficient. So we've got a full suite of things and we'll share a lot of this with you in the months and quarters ahead. One of the reasons we've been incredibly focused and aggressive on cost is because, frankly, it takes longer to rebuild your insight pipeline and rebuild your innovation pipeline. So we've jumped all over cost.  We moved aggressively knowing that it takes some time to get the branded side of the innovation pipeline rebuilt. But that work has been behind the scenes, aggressively under way and we've got some really exciting stuff coming. You saw some of it, early stuff, this past year with things like Healthy Choice Simply which is a clean label line there that's done really well for us and some other things, but that's just the beginning; there's plenty more to come.
Operator: We'll move to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: A question for Tom and Sean on the $100-million savings for trade promotion, I've talked to a lot of companies that are focusing on the same kind of effort and a lot of them have been a little bit concerned about making that dollar value target so public as you have. And Sean, I remember you did that with Hillshire as well. And I was wondering, in your relationships with retailers, has there been any negative pushback on the $100 million just in terms of people getting the wrong idea, feeling like the money is coming out of their pocket or have they at all said what's our cut of savings that you're going to be generating? How do we benefit from it? Wondering what you thought.
Sean Connolly: Rob, that's an excellent question and it's a very important question. I think I may have talked about this at CAGNY. When you talk about trade efficiency with customers -- I may have mentioned this on the last call and I think I used the phrase you have to have a good bedside manner because you have to be very explicit around what we're talking about and what we're not talking about. When you walk into a buyer's desk and you say, I'm ripping out trade and taking it to my bottom line, as you might imagine, that is not the most desirable bedside manner and it doesn't go really well and that is not the conversation we're having. It is we can think of it in terms of $100 million in EBIT improvement and certainly, there may be some trade deals that are just so stupid and in efficient, we just eliminate them lock, stock and barrel. However, in other cases, because of the advanced analytics we're investing in, what we're doing with most of our customers is saying look, here are some case studies of where we spend chunks of money with you. Let's look at the empirical evidence together. It's clearly generating a nonexistent or anemic return. Alternatively, here is some things we can do that can generate a positive return and drive your top line and drive your bottom line. And when we're database and can bring in the evidence around the deals that aren't working and also the evidence of the deals that are working and say we're doing less of the former and more of the latter, we find we have a very engaged customer, because at the end of the day, as tough as growth has been in this industry for manufacturers, it's been the same way for retailers. Everybody is looking for profitable growth. And if we can bring intellectual capital to the table that can help not only our situation but our customers' P&L, that's a conversation that's well received.
Johan Nystedt: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just have two quick ones for you. The first one will just be -- and I know there's been a general discussion about the gross margin, but it was weaker than I expected in the quarter. And as I think about supply chain savings and favorable input costs, I was surprised by the softer performance. And what I'm getting, at as I look ahead, there's a couple million dollars of cost savings coming through, but they're mostly SG&A focused. So I wanted to get a sense of the gross margin improvement, say, from like the average level over the past few quarters. Should we expect that to improve in FY '17? And then to the degree that's a fuel for reinvestment, I know you don't want to get into phasing of savings here, but just the degree to which -- like marketing should start accelerating early in FY '17 or is that likely to happen later in the year? Just trying to get a sense of when and where you'll invest.
Tom McGough: Chris, in terms of margins, as I highlighted a little bit earlier, it's a multi-dimensional approach, revenue, gross management that we talked extensively about today, the mix management, also supply chain productivity network optimization. What you're going to see over time is a gradual and consistent increase of our margin that will allow us to continue to invest in our brands. That's our overall approach. I think there's a long runway of opportunity. We certainly talked about the $100 million in terms of the revenue growth piece in terms of trade. We have a very consistent history of supply chain productivity and we're adding additional programs and initiatives to bolster our capabilities. In terms of A&P, as Sean said, we take a very disciplined and strategic approach with an ROI to investment. I don't think we have a targeted level of A&P in general for the portfolio. It's brand by brand and you can see where we've made those investments and the market impact that's having. That's what I think you can expect going forward is a zero-based approach where A&P is not an entitlement; it's earned. And we're strengthening our portfolio in a way that allows us to invest in more brands.
Sean Connolly: All right, operator. I think that will do it.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Nystedt, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Johan Nystedt: Thank you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be available and archived on the web as detailed in our news release. We're available for discussions. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-04-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Vice President, IR Sean Connolly - Chief Executive Officer John Gehring - Chief Financial Officer Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Tom Werner - President, Commercial Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Jason English - Goldman Sachs Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Elyn Rodriguez - Bernstein Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to todays ConAgra Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Candice Scriven, and I will be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen only mode. However, our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation, during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to introduce your host from ConAgra Foods for todays program, Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; John Gehring, Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Klinefelter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Klinefelter.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Companys direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if youd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, Ill refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, well be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website. Now, Ill turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings. As you saw in our earnings release, we delivered another positive quarter as results exceeded our expectations with comparable EPS of $0.68, up from $0.59 in the prior year. Yesterday was my one-year anniversary as Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. And I can tell you, I am pleased with what we are accomplishing. Clearly, its been an active year as weve methodically taken the necessary steps to help ConAgra start to unlock the value opportunity that I saw so clearly when I first started thinking about taking this job. Simply put, we are driving focus and discipline into the Company and the impact can be seen not only in our P&L, but also in our culture, where our team is energized, optimistic and determined about the path ahead. And while were pleased with our progress over the past year, were also clear-eyed that there is much more to do. Accordingly, our team remains hard at work on executing our plans to build a stronger, more consistent and more valuable ConAgra Foods. Before John and I get into the details of our Q3 results, I want to take a step back and provide you with my perspective on where we are relative to our strategic plans. In February, we completed the sale of our private label operations to TreeHouse Foods, marking the conclusion of a robust sale process. The sale enables us to sharpen our focus on our consumer and commercial businesses and it provides us with meaningful capital. Weve already deployed $2.15 billion of the proceeds to reduce debt and going forward as part of a balanced capital allocation program, we plan to pursue further debt reduction. As weve discussed previously, the sale also provided a sizeable tax benefit, which can be used in the future. In addition to completing the sale of our private label operations, we have been hard at work at strengthening the foundation of our two businesses. Were executing our $300 million efficiency plan, primarily within consumer to build ConAgra into a lean, more focused Company. We are confident this effort will improve profitability, advance our growth agenda, and unlock shareholder value. As weve said previously, we expect to realize the majority of our efficiency improvements in fiscal 2017 and 2018. We also remain on track to bring our consumer and corporate leadership teams together under one roof at our new headquarters in Chicago this summer. Im excited about our plans to develop a more open physical space that will facilitate collaboration and accelerate our shift to a leaner, more nimble, innovative, and performance oriented culture. Finally, we remain on track to complete the separation of ConAgra into two public companies in the fall of calendar 2016. As we said when we announced the proposed spin-off, our goal is to enable both ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston to operate as vibrant pure-play companies with enhanced strategic focus and flexibility. Ill talk more in a moment about the progress were making in each of these businesses, but let me reiterate that when you take all factors into consideration, we believe the separation of ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston is the right path to maximize value as we expect shareholders to benefit from better operating performance and more consistency from both businesses following the separation. As you know, there is a lot of work to complete between the announcement of a proposed spin and the separation itself. Were hard at work on that front and we will have a lot of more information to share via SEC filings and investor days over time. Ultimately, our ability to drive value across these businesses is a function of how well we execute. To that end, our solid Q3 results exceeded our expectations and give me confidence that were identifying the right actions to drive improved profitability. So on to Q3 in detail. Our Q3 results for the Consumer Foods segment reflect continued progress and momentum around establishing a higher quality investment grade volume base. Even though we experienced the volume decline, we had strong price mix during the quarter. Weve been implementing initiatives to improve pricing discipline and trade efficiencies while driving renovation and targeted brand investments. Importantly, as we undertake these actions, we remained relentlessly focused on execution. Were making good progress on all these fronts. From a top line prospective, we saw volume declines where we expected them. The vast majority of the Q3 consumer volume decline was on Banquet, 90% to be exact. But more broadly, in the second half of last fiscal year, we funded several major deep discount promotions, particularly in our frozen business. These kinds of deals can drive big spikes in low margin promoted volume. And given are deliberate plan to reduce our reliance on deep discount promotions and given the promoted volumes like embedded in our year ago comps, we expected lower promoted volume. What we were counting on though was solid performance on most base consumption trends and strong margin expansion broadly and that is basically what we got. You see the entire segments margin expansion in the release but it is important to note that on Banquet we saw over 200 basis points of gross margin expansion despite investments in higher quality. Further, we also made other below the line investments to build the brand the right way for the long haul, namely A&P support. These collective investments do not have the same immediate impact of promoted price points below a dollar but they represent the right way to manage a branded asset for long-term value creation. This notion has been missing for too long at ConAgra. Well be relentless as we continue these efforts because at the end of the day, we want sustainably stronger margins, which require strong brands; and strong brands dont compete on the back of giveaway deals. As a result of our efforts, on a comparable basis, operating profit was $340 million, up about 17%. Operating margins were up more than 300 basis points from the year ago period driven by these three factors, price mix; supply chain productivity; and modest material deflation. Our focus in Consumer Foods will continue to be on expanding margins. The cornerstone of this effort is strengthening the brand that generates the best return. By focusing on our strongest brands, were getting better price realization and trade efficiencies. As youve heard us discuss before, our approach provides the fuel to reinvest in brands that have the right fundamentals, are consumer relevant, and have accretive margins. And were not just talking about investments, during the third quarter we supported our brands in a highly disciplined way as evidenced by our 12% increase in A&P support. Weve increased A&P spending 13% year-to-date. Weve been investing in brands with clear differentiators and relevant consumer benefits like Marie Callenders, Hunts, RO*TEL, Reddi-wip, Slim Jim and PAM. Ill talk in a moment about our efforts in the frozen category but in the center of the store, we continue to make good progress with our real food initiative around the Hunts brand and we are very pleased with the progress were making with RO*TEL, which delivered very strong results during the Super Bowl. In addition, through focused execution, we increased sales, built share and won the holiday season across Marie Callenders pies, Reddi-wip and PAM. Our investments are also coming in the form of innovation and renovation. As you heard me discuss, we intend to continue enhancing our portfolio with the focus on further premiumization, wellness, and authenticity. We expect to achieve this through a combination of organic innovation and smart acquisitions. A great example of our investment in innovation comes from our Healthy Choice Simply Steamers line, which you heard us discuss previously. This is a clean label, nothing artificial version of our Caf Steamers offering, and were continuing to drive wellness based innovation with this line. In the fourth quarter, were adding four new premium varieties including three cheese tortellini, a sweet and spicy Asian style noodle bowl, creamy spinach and tomato linguine, and an unwrapped burrito bowl. Consistent with the consumer focus on authenticity these new recipes will spotlight organic, non-GMO ingredients.  Renovation will also be a driver of margin expansion, building on an example we touched upon last quarter, our work to restage the Banquet franchise continues. As I noted earlier, Banquet represented the vast majority of our volume decline in the third quarter, as we reduced our reliance on deep discount promotions and raised our everyday shelf price above $1. While we recognize it will take time to rebuild the buying rate among households that are long accustomed to $1 Banquet, were confident that the higher price points enable us to invest in product enhancements and higher quality A&P that reeducates consumers about the brand. Not all consumers will transition with the brand and were okay with that. But given the higher quality, we expect to attract new consumers to the franchise in time. We continue to believe our plan for Banquet is the right one for its long-term brand health and financial strength. And this highly disciplined approach to margin expansion is one we plan to methodically apply to other brands with similar opportunities. Another primary staging candidate is Bertolli, which we see as right for the same type of targeted investment. With Bertolli, we are stepping up our work to renovate our frozen skillet business and make the brand even more relevant to todays shoppers. Were expanding occasions through the addition of Family Size Skillets within our lineup. And looking ahead, we are embarking on major renovation investments in the Bertolli brand to upgrade proteins, such as all natural chicken and dramatically simplify the ingredient label. As we continue to renovate around the brand, we will support the product upgrades with increased marketing spend to drive profitable growth. As Ive said many times, unlocking the full value potential of our branded portfolio will be a process, not a flip of the switch. But it is a battle tested process and it will succeed. It all starts with the unwavering belief that strong margins are the key to maximizing value and that strong margins are the byproduct of executional excellence across disciplines, spanning everything from supply chain productivity to pricing and trade analytics to mix management and targeted high ROI marketing to exciting innovation. Make no mistake about it, ConAgra is becoming much stronger in each of these disciplines and you are seeing the impact in our margin expansion. Over time, as we wean ourselves off of our historical overreliance on deep discount trade deals and rebuild our innovation pipeline supported by more effective marketing, you will see sales grow but in a much higher quality fashion. We are confident that there is a lot of room for progress and we are relentlessly focused on continuing to execute against our goals. It is about the delta, meaning the change we can drive as opposed to a snapshot assessment. Overall, Im very encouraged by the work going on in Consumer Foods. Investment creates a virtuous cycle. Over time, stronger brands will lead the better pricing power and higher margins, and we are clearly on the right path to maximizing value. Now, turning to Commercial Foods, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion in the quarter, up 6% compared to the prior year. The Commercial Foods segments operating profit was a $175 million, up 21% on a comparable basis. While the Commercial Foods segment posted strong results across the board, Lamb Weston was particularly strong. Sales for Lamb Westons potato operations grew across North America during the quarter as well as in international markets. International sales performance for Lamb Weston was noticeably strong, reflecting the lapping of the impact of the West Coast port labor dispute in the year ago period as well as improving demand in key Asian markets. As weve indicated before, Lamb Weston remains well-positioned to capitalize on the significant international growth opportunities created by the aggressive emerging market expansion of major quick service restaurant chains. In our Lamb Weston North America business, we continue to see positive growth momentum across many of our key customers in the quick serve restaurant and operator distributor channels. We have industry leading innovations and customer service and our breadth of diversified products continues to position this business as a clear market leader in North America. Now, before I turn it over to John, I want to take a moment to acknowledge our talented team as we work to transform ConAgra into a stronger, more consistent Company with a more valuable future. While there has been significant change during the past year, our people are energized and focused on serving our customers, and Im excited about the path forward. Over to you, John.
John Gehring: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. In my comments this morning, I will address several topics including a recap of our fiscal third quarter performance including discontinued operations, comparability matters, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. Ill start with some comments on our performance for our fiscal third quarter. Overall, diluted EPS from continuing operations as reported was $0.41. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, diluted EPS for the fiscal third quarter including discontinued operations was $0.68, which is ahead of our expectations and compares favorably to our prior year quarters comparable earnings per share of $0.59. Both our Consumer Foods and our Commercial Foods segments performed very well. In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.9 billion for the quarter, down about 2% from the year ago period. This reflects a 4% decline in volume and a negative 1% impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by a 3% improvement in price mix. Segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability were $339 million or up about 17% from the year ago period. Operating margin on a comparable basis expanded about 300 basis points versus the year ago quarter. Margin expansion reflects pricing discipline, mix management, supply chain efficiencies, and favorable input costs offset by higher marketing and incentive costs. Foreign exchange this quarter had negative impact of $28 million on net sales and about $12 million on operating profit. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $91 million, up about 12% from the prior year quarter, reflecting our efforts to continue to strengthen and support our brands. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion, up about 6% from the prior year quarter. The Commercial Foods segment operating profit was $175 million, or 21% above last years third quarter operating profit. The operating results largely reflect a strong profit increase in our Lamb Weston business, driven by strong volume performance, both domestically and internationally, margin expansion, and the benefit of lapping the West Coast port labor dispute in the year ago quarter. Equity method investment earnings, excluding the impact -- excluding items impacting comparability, were $27 million for the quarter and $33 million in the year ago period. The year-over-year decrease reflects lower earnings from our Ardent Mills joint venture, principally driven by unfavorable weak market conditions, which, from time-to-time, can impact margins. Moving on to the corporate expenses, for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $155 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $73 million versus $52 million in the year ago quarter. The increase principally relates to higher incentives, reflecting the significant improvement in operating performance this year, and the timing of the related incentive accruals year-over-year. On our SG&A cost savings initiatives, we are making good progress and expect to see significant benefits over the next couple of years. I would note that our fiscal third quarter results from continuing operations reflects some initial benefits from our cost savings programs, partially offset by modest stranded cost from our private label divestiture. Further, I would highlight two other points related to our cost savings initiatives; first, the benefits of our previously announced cost savings programs are concentrated in the consumer business; and second, we have developed aggressive targets and plans so that we can offset modest stranded costs as they arrive, as well as selectively invest back into the business to build capabilities that will expand operating margins over time. Discontinued operations posted EPS of $0.05 per diluted share this quarter. It reflects operations of the private label business through February 1, 2016, or about 9 weeks of the fiscal quarter. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, the private label discontinued operations earned $0.11 per share this quarter, including about $0.05 per share of benefits related to the elimination of depreciation and amortization expense. Expected comparable earnings from the private label operations were included in our earlier guidance for the quarter. Also, at this time, we estimate that the divestiture of the private label operations gave rise to a capital loss of approximately $4.2 billion pretax or $1.6 billion after tax, which can be utilized over the next five years. We remain confident that the Company will be able to realize significant tax benefits in the future as we work to reshape our portfolio in a disciplined manner. On comparability items, this quarter included four items; first, approximately $0.16 per share of net expense related to restructuring charges; second, approximately $0.04 per share of net expense related to transaction costs incurred in connection with debt reduction this quarter; third, approximately $0.03 per share of income related to a pension settlement gain at a joint venture; and finally, we included incomparable earnings of approximately $0.11 per share of income related to items in discontinued operations for which we have provided additional details in our Regulation G disclosures in the release. On cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items, we ended the quarter with $503 million in cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Total operating cash flows through the fiscal third quarter were approximately $695 million versus $740 million in the year ago quarter. The decrease is principally driven by higher tax payments in the current fiscal year. As a reminder, due to the seasonality in our business and our normal inventory cycle, we typically generate a significant portion of our annual operating cash flows in the latter part of the fiscal year. We remain confident in our ability to generate attractive operating cash flows over the balance of this fiscal year and expect total operating cash flows from continuing and discontinued operations to be in the range of $1.2 billion for the year. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $100 million versus $83 million in the prior year quarter. Net interest expense was $77 million in the fiscal third quarter versus $80 million in the year ago quarter. And dividends, for this fiscal quarter, were $109 million versus $107 million in the prior year quarter. On capital allocation, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy appropriately balanced between further debt reduction, a top-tier dividend, share repurchases, and additional growth investments. As we previously noted, we completed the divestiture of our private label operations this quarter. We received proceeds in excess of $2.6 billion and deployed about $2.15 billion to repay long-term debt. We expect to deploy the majority of the remaining proceeds for debt repayment over the next several months. During the fiscal third quarter, we did not repurchase any shares and we have approximately $132 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. Now, I would like to provide a few comments on the balance of fiscal 2016. Given that we have sold the private label operations, we are now citing guidance in terms of earnings per share from continuing operations. We have given you the quarterly and annual details of EPS from continuing operations for this fiscal year and last fiscal year in our Regulation G tables and in our written Q&A documents. For the full fiscal year 2016, we expect EPS from continuing operations adjusted for items impacting comparability to be in the range of $2.05 to $2.07, this compares with $1.93 for fiscal year 2015 on that same basis. So far in fiscal 2016, we have earned $1.56 from continuing operations after adjusting for items impacting comparability items. To reach our full year guidance, we are expecting fiscal fourth quarter comparable EPS to be in the range of $0.50. This guidance reflects continued strong fundamentals in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments. This guidance is lower than the prior year comparable amount of $0.55 and the decrease is due mainly to the extra week in the prior year, the impact of FX, higher marketing investments, and higher incentives this year. Ill also note the guidance for fiscal 2016 EPS from continuing operations should not be taken as a beginning point on which to make fiscal 2017 estimates for either ConAgra brands or Lamb Weston, as there are several details that we need to finalize including capital allocation and financial policies, the phasing of our SG&A savings and trade efficiency benefits, brand investment targets as well as the short term impact of any stranded costs associated with the Lamb Weston spin-off. We will offer details on those items in due course at the investor day events we plan to hold ahead of the spin. In closing, while we are working through a great deal of change, we are pleased with our performance so far this fiscal year in strengthening margins across our businesses and in managing the significant changes in cost structure and portfolio that we believe will drive value creation over time. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for interest in ConAgra Foods. Sean and I along with Tom McGough and Tom Werner will be happy to take your questions. Before we turn it over for questions, Chris would like to share a few remarks. Chris?
Chris Klinefelter: Thanks John. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I want to take a minute to update our listeners on investor relations here at ConAgra Foods. As pretty much everyone knows, our Company is moving its headquarters to Chicago and a lot of you have asked me personally if I am moving to Chicago. And while the decision to move to Chicago is best for the Company and its future, it has come with some changes on the people side of things for all the reasons that you would expect; family, stage of carrier and a host of other elements that play a part in evaluating major moves. Along those lines, I am not relocating to Chicago. Ill be transitioning out of ConAgra Foods over the next few months, but Ill still be your point of contact until we have all of the IR resources in place with the new organization. I have worked with many of you for more than a decade and a half and gotten to know several of you well. As well my more than 16 years at ConAgra Foods had me in the mix of plenty of the Companys ups and downs, its been very satisfying to play a part in helping advance the Companys mission. Looking back on all of this, I tremendously value the relationships that have come with the job. And I am thankful for the personal growth opportunities that have come with serving more the 16 years in this capacity. I will certainly miss the day-to-day interaction with great people inside and outside of this Company. And I want to emphasize that I feel very good about what the future holds for this organization, given its leadership and its mission.
Sean Connolly: Chris, I appreciate that and I appreciate your 16 years of service at our Company. You have been an important part of our team and we wish you continued success in the future. So, thank you and best wishes. And with that operator, lets open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Now, I would like to get to an important part of todays call, taking your questions. [Operator Instruction] And it looks like our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Chris, I want to wish you all the best moving forward and thank you for your help over the years.
Chris Klinefelter: Thanks.
Andrew Lazar: Yes, sure. Two quick questions from me; I think first, Sean, at Hillshire, you had focused much of your effort on really raising what you would call the center line profitability of the business. As input cost moves can play with margins in any given period of time and we certainly know that deflation among other things is helping sort of industry right now, but I guess most important, where do you see the center line consumer margin now, given your reported consumer margin this quarter is really as high as I think I have seen it how and how high can that move going forward? And Ive got just a quick follow-up.
Sean Connolly: Id say, Andrew, I am very pleased with our progress obviously and in no way is our work done. Clearly, there is some benefit in our margins from the absence of inflation but that is far from the whole story. We absolutely cannot discount the benefit of increased discipline across the margin expansion levers that we talked about earlier, things like pricing; trade; productivity; mix; stronger brands. We do expect the center line of our profitability to go north over time. We also expect that the standard deviation around that center line will decrease over time. And you are absolutely right, in any given quarter, margins could be impacted by short-term inflation or deflation. And what I would say is you wont see you get overly exercise by that because we will stay focused on whats right for the long haul. But yes, there is some benefit in there from the absence of deflation but our work is not done; we see further opportunities, and thats why we are going to be relentless in pursuing.
Andrew Lazar: Okay, thanks for that. And then I think Johns comments around being careful not to maybe use fiscal 2016 as necessarily the right or on appropriate base for thinking about 2017 earnings and you mentioned a number of things that could little impact things. I guess Im trying to get a little bit more color on that. And if is it -- this is kind of a sense of sort of kicking a reset year so to speak, given maybe the need around brand investment to kind of prime the pump on a lot of these things or am I reading too much into that? And then one of the items you did not mention as a possible impact also would be maybe portfolio offering here and there. So, Im just trying to get a sense, I guess I had a sense of what your comment was trying to imply but I want to get little more color on that if I could.
John Gehring: I think couple of thoughts. A lot of this just has to do with weve got work to do to make sure that we finish our analysis and have a good view of the year and finish our planning process, so we can provide our investors and analysts the right information around those drivers. On the brand and the brand investment targets, let me come back to that. I would see on the portfolio, again, we are not going to speculate on anything there, but clearly, we think there are going to be opportunities for us to change this portfolio going forward. We would share those impacts certainly if and when then come about.  On the brand investment targets, specifically that you mentioned, I might turn it over to Tom for a few comments but we are going to continue to make the right investments in our business behind the brand. So, I think its really about how do we do that with discipline. And as we finished our plan, those numbers could go up or they could stay flat or it could come down a little bit. But I may turn it over to Tom just to reiterate kind of what our philosophy is around how we are going to invest behind these brands in a discipline way.
Sean Connolly: Let me jump in first John. To your question, Andrew, I wouldnt read anything into Johns comments in terms of where we are going to be. We obviously have a lot of communication with investors upcoming at our respective investor days for ConAgra Brands and for Lamb Weston. And our plan all along has been to get into some of the great detail at that point in time. Obviously it will be after our 10 filings et cetera. We also are going to our typical annual operating plan process. So, were evaluating where we want to invest, the magnitude of those investments. All of that is a work in process. And the numbers will continue to get lock up here in the months ahead. And as that happens, we will have a more definitive view on where to go here. So I wouldnt read anything into it beyond that at this point. Tom, do you like to add to that?
Tom McGough: Sure. I think just principally, we believe in investing in brands, but doing it in a very disciplined way with the strong ROI mentality. Weve talked about segmenting our portfolio so that were investing behind the best opportunities and this notion of brands being A&P ready. Our investments are earned, they are not an entitlement. And while we dont have a targeted spending level for the entire portfolio, we look at each individual brand, based on the segmentation and readiness for investment. I think you see that in our results today where our A&P is concentrated on a focused group of brands like Marie Callenders, Hunts, Slim Jim, and Reddi-wip. You see that were growing sales and share, and they are contributing to overall improvement of our portfolio margins. So, our intent is to continue to invest to grow through renovation and increased marketing over time. Thats our approach, and our results in this quarter are an indication of that.
Operator: Thank you. Well move now to David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning. Id like to say thanks to Chris Klinefelter. Chris has fantastic; hes been terrific to us. So, best wishes in all your future endeavors. I wanted to ask a question about the implied fourth quarter guidance. This $0.50 number, consensus is out there at like $0.57. Youre gaining some factors in terms of kind of maybe why its weaker but Id just like to go a little deeper here. I mean the third quarter margins, they are pretty terrific. If these margins carry forward into the fourth quarter and you would be way above that kind of number, so obviously you are not -- its not going to happen as implied by your number but can you talk to us why? Why does the Commercial Foods margin go down so much, why would Consumer Foods margins go down so much when you are in such a clear positive environment of margin improvement through, both net deflation and then all the other levers that you are pulling, Sean?
John Gehring: Yes. Let me jump in, Dave, on a couple of factors just to address them. So, one thing I would remind folks is that especially in our Consumer Foods business last year in the fourth quarter, we put through a pretty strong quarter. So, were lapping a stronger quarter relatively speaking. The other thing is we do have some seasonality in our business in terms of the mix of products we sell in our consumer business, which impacts the margins. So, when you look at sequential margins from third quarter to fourth quarter, you should expect to see the seasonality mix impact come down some. And I think were still looking at some margin expansion year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So, I dont think the trends are reversing or significantly flattening out. I really view it as again a number of these mechanical issues, in particular the 53rd week, some FX, so, higher incentives and then were going to continue to have some higher marketing investment. So, thats kind of how we see it right now. And again, I dont think we see any significant breaks in the trend on Lamb Weston business either.
David Driscoll: And just a follow-up, John, can you quantify the effect of this inflationary environment in the productivity? I mean by our math, it would be something like a $0.10 benefit to the quarter, because of lower commodities and the normal productivity that the Company produces. Is that about the right neighborhood to be in?
John Gehring: Well, let me just share a few numbers; I havent converted them all at cents yet. But, I think productivity was about $30 million in the Consumer segment. Net inflation -- or net deflation all-in was about $20 million. In addition, we are lapping about $20 million hit we took last third quarter, because of the derivative matter that you all may recall. So, I think those are kind of the drivers of the COGS, if you will. So thats why it gets you in that range.
Operator: Next, we have J.P. Morgans Ken Goldman.
Ken Goldman: Im sorry to continue on the same line, but if your margin expands year-on-year in the fourth quarter, youre going to get something like $400 million in operating income. I dont know where your sales are going to be unless they really collapse. That implies an EPS number well above what youre guidance to. So, I guess my question is, you havent provided EPS guidance for the year, but I think its really important to get guidance [ph] rather, I think its really important to get a sense what youre thinking for this line item. Were backing into what we think for the years operating income; were looking at something in the mid $1.5 billion range. Is that a reasonable figure to consider or am I way off there?
John Gehring: Youre probably not way off, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
John Gehring: Again, I think, we feel good about what we said here and how we look at the fourth quarter. And there again are some significant matters weve got to deal with after we look at how we think the business is going to continue to perform pretty well.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then shifting subject, Sean, Im sure, all my peers have done this as well. Weve all been talking to investors about the spin-off of Lamb Weston. Just from my perspective, most investors I speak with would rather you sell the business than spin it. And maybe Im not talking to the right people and of course I dont know if there is any actually any buyers out there. So, maybe this is a moot [ph] question. But to what degree, Im just curious, are you feeling pressure if any from your largest holders to maybe monetize Lamb in a different way?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think weve talked about this quite a bit, Ken. And from the beginning and as always, our focus is on maximizing value. And as we think about maximizing value, you should expect that were going to consider just about every option that you can dream up and then we will add into the analysis, all the information we know about our business and all the information we know about whether or not somebodys an interested party. And our conclusion, as a management team and a Board, having looked at our options is that the spin is clearly the best way to maximize value here. And thats our goal. All of this has been considered.
Operator: And well move now to Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And Chris, best of luck to you as well.
Chris Klinefelter: Thanks Matthew.
Matthew Grainger: So, I guess one follow-up just on Lamb Weston, I mean the magnitude of top-line growth in the Commercial Foods segment was surprising, even with the benefit of lapping the port disruption last year. Could you remind us whether those tailwinds will continue a bit further into the fourth quarter? And then in terms of your comments on improving international demand, can you elaborate a bit on where are you seeing improvement and how sustainable you think that might be?
Tom Werner: Sure Matthew, this is Tom Werner. I will tell you a couple of things, as you think about our Commercial segment. The good news is across all of our business units in the Commercial segment, we grew year-over-year. So, while Lamb Weston was obviously disproportionately, a lions share of that, the rest of the operating units performed well as well. I think in terms of capturing international growth and domestic growth, the business, as Ive said before, is well-positioned. Were aligned with the great customer base across, both North America domestic and international. We feel good about the momentum we have in the business through the first three quarters and we see this momentum carrying into Q4 and into fiscal 17. So, we feel great about the business. Its a fantastic business; its performed great this year; and we expect that to continue going forward.
Matthew Grainger: Sean, if I could ask you one question, I just wanted to get your thoughts on the consumption trends at the broader industry level. In the past two months, weve seen retail take rate that looks incredibly soft in February and recovered a bit in March but was benefiting from Easter timing. So, from your standpoint just curious if there was any major change in trend or slowdown at the industry level?
Sean Connolly: Well, I think from our standpoint, I -- clearly, a good part of what youre seeing is really whats embedded in the base. I mean we saw -- you saw the consumption data back in February didnt look particularly pretty for us. That was as much of a function of being very aggressive in terms of deep discounted promotion in a year ago period and choosing not to do it this year, as well the fact that youve got some baseline -- the base driver elasticity because weve raised price on a number of businesses. Obviously, you saw that that was kind of a short-term effect because of the last consumption that was just released kind of showed that bounce back. So, look, growth has been allusive in our industry, its why we are so focused on innovation, it is why were so focused on margin expansion and efficiency, and we absolutely plan on expanding margins going in the future and we plan on improving our growth trends the right way as we continue to unfold this plan.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Lehmann: Hi, good morning; Kevin Lehmann here for David Palmer. Quick question on Commercial Foods and perhaps building on Kens question a bit but perhaps from a higher level. Can you expand on the strategic rationale behind spinning off Lamb Weston? On the case of private label, already that business can be viewed as a distraction to core U.S. retail but many other food periods have food services division. So, how would say ConAgra differs from others in that regard? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Ill take that. We have a traditional food service division that well retain as part of ConAgra Brands which is really to what we referenced in our peer set. So that will carry on and it wont be -- that was a business that had a good quarter this quarter as well and that will continue to be part of our branded business, because its incredibly intertwined, think of large sizes of food service packages of the stuff that we sell in the retail channel tray. In the case of Lamb Weston, it is a focused, largely disintegrated business. And we believe that by being a pure play and being focused, it will continue to not only perform well but perform better. And it is very, very different from our traditional food service business which is really what you described as being embedded in our peer set. 
Operator: Well now hear from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Sean, I wanted to dig into the reception at retail, and at retailers and versus your expectation with consumers to this pricing up strategy. I know a lot of centre store package food companies are pursuing this pricing up strategy, particularly you mentioned the Banquet brand, an important brand, a lot of consumers seeking value. Are retailers -- I guess the trends and the profits are coming through great but is there a risk or are you getting pushed back from retailers, maybe losing space, losing attention to the category, anything like that, particularly at a time when costs broadly are deflationary and may be things around the perimeter of the store are -- they are not going up and prices are coming down? Just your general impressions of that, high level reaction, the consumer versus your expectations and the conversations you have with the retailers?
Sean Connolly: Im very glad to answer this question, because I think its important to demystify what we are doing and what were not doing with respect to average pricing. Keep in mind, average pricing is a function of shelf price or our list price, but its also a function of our promoted volume price. And weve actually been active on both fronts. I think with respect to merchandising and a $100 million efficiency that we talk about within trade, sometimes what I read is that it sounds as if thats coming across as if its just a cut, as if were ripping trade out, that nothing could be farther from the truth. We spend a lot of money on trades, weve identified a $100 million in trade spend that we dont think does much to help us or our retailers. So, when we talk to our customers about being more efficient and impactful with that trade, theyre as interested in that as we are because it helps drive quality sales, it helps drive margins et cetera. And then separately, Id say, our customers also value quality volume as much as we do. They understand that inefficiency isnt helping anybody. So, if we can redeploy inefficiency into brand building, innovation or even more effective merchandising, everybody wins. So, think of the payoff as better margins and stronger brands versus cutting merchandising. Then, when it comes to shelf price, there are three pillars to our pricing actions. Number one is what we call inflation justified list price increases, meaning if we got inflation we feel totally justified in taking a list price increase and thats well do. The second piece of pricing is the trade efficiency we just talked about which in large part means, reduced reliance on deep discount merchandising and redeployment of those funds toward more effective, more efficient activities. And then the third piece of our pricing strategy is higher quality driven pricing, meaning we improve the food were selling and we charge more for it. And in any given quarter, were likely to have a mix of all three of these things, but the ratios could change within each quarter. So that is this strategy that were pursuing. Our customers are aligned with us on it, theyre supportive on it, they believe as we believe, its ultimately going to lead to better sales, better profit than a higher quality volume base.
Operator: Next we have Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everybody and Chris, all the best to you. I guess just two questions, one just a point of clarification. I think, John, youd said there was $30 million of productivity in the quarter. Was that gross or net productivity?
John Gehring: We measured all net.
Bryan Spillane: All net, okay. And then I guess the second just as a follow-up to I think it was Ken Goldmans question about the decision to sort of split or spin off Lamb Weston. As we kind of think about the value of that also in relation to having the tax credit that you have, is it right to think about the value not just of Lamb Weston but also in the context of what other optionality there exists because youve got that tax credit to potentially do other things with? So, I guess Im trying to say is the way it works we should be thinking about the value creation potential more than just one step with Lamb Weston but maybe the potential to use that asset to do other things?
John Gehring: Yes, the way I think about it is, not having value destruction through tax leakage is a good thing and having a tax asset that you can deploy in the future as we think about reshaping our portfolio to be more contemporary, higher margin, higher performing, is a good thing. Now clearly, the tax asset is one of the tools we can leverage in that reshaping process. I wont speculate on when that could happen, Ill just say that well do what makes sense for the long term value creation potential of the company.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jefferies Akshay Jagdale.
Lubi Kutua: Good morning, this is Lubi filling in for Akshay. Im wondering, could you give us a sense of how much cost savings initiatives contributed to the margin expansion that we had in Consumer Foods this quarter?
John Gehring: Were not going to provide specific numbers. I would say we have some modest early delivery from our cost savings program. I would also say a chunk of that was offset by some modest stranded costs that came back into the consumer business. So, Id say net-net that wasnt a huge driver of the margin expansion; it was more at the gross margin line.
Sean Connolly: As we said before that the bulk of the savings were going to generate through our programs hits in 17 and 18. One of the reasons why we dont want you to start building a model necessarily right now is were in the process of pinning down exactly how much of thats going to hit in 17 versus 18 as we continue to morph our organization design and things like that. So, a little bit of benefit now but the bulk is coming in the next couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. Well hear now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks for the opportunity to ask question. And let me echo the sentiment from others; Chris, its been great working with you, good luck on the next venture. I thought Jon Feeney had a very sound line of question I want to build on a little bit. In response to his question on trade budget optimization, you referenced to as more of a shell game to optimize efficiency, and I guess my question is why. Youre squeezing SG&A, youre trying to squeeze COGS through productivity and heres roughly a $2 billion expense line on your P&L. Why does it need to be a shell game, why cant you shrink it?
Sean Connolly: Jason, I think you might have called into a different call, I dont remember mentioning anything to shell game. Weve got a significant spend with customers that we collaborate with very carefully and we have a zero loss mindset when it comes to analyzing that spend and partnering with our customers on how to put a red circle around funds that we think are doing little for our customers or us, and then collaborating with our customers in terms of how do you redeploy that funding to continue to support our brands and our categories in ways that are better for overall volume trends and overall margins. So, theres waste there; were going to be as aggressive as anybody in the industry in terms of getting after that waste. And well be open-minded with when we identify waste -- where it goes. If weve got a high ROI way of redeploying it, we will redeploy it; if we dont have a high ROI way of redeploying it, well drop it right to the bottom line. Well be very pragmatic around what to do in the lieu of waste based on what maximizes value.
Operator: And next we have Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Thank you, good morning. Chris, best of luck. I guess, Sean, I wanted to ask a little bit more about Banquet and its, what seems like a really big impact for the brand on the consolidated. If its 90% of the volume hit, the elasticity by going over $1 dollar must have been really-really significant, and I understand why youre doing it. But I guess my question is as you kind of move through the rest of the portfolio, should we expect similar levels of elasticity as you try to make your promotion more efficient or is it a function of as you improve the product, eventually get into consumer to recognize that but it just seemed like a very big drop on one brand. Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Eric, great question and its important that we demystify that. I think Banquet is quite a big different from our other brands, and I am going to have Tom kind of share some of our detailed thinking on this business. But the impact you see on Banquet is, if again you come back to the notion that there are two things we are dealing with here; one is shelf price, which is baseline volume; the other is promotion strategy and thats promoted volume. We have actually made a meaningful difference, a meaningful change on both. And part of what you are seeing is how aggressive we were in the year ago period in promoted activity and the choice not to do that. For example, events that might sell at $0.80 instead of $1 dollar, as you might imagine, that drove some pretty significant spikes in the year ago period. And when you dont repeat that, obviously, youre not selling on profitable volume, but youre going to see it show up on the promoted volumes side of the volume ledger. At the same time, we also have shelf price increases which shows up as a baseline elasticity factor. So, when you get both, it kind of compounds and thats what a bit of what you saw in the results. But again, that was entirely planned. We knew what wed expect there. And weve got to migrate to a higher quality consumer base here over time because there were clearly plenty of consumers in that exact window year-ago who were in our franchise for one reason and one reason only, and thats because we were basically doing giveaway pricing, or giveaway merchandising. And thats effectively what you saw. Tom, did I miss anything there?
Tom McGough: No. Sean, I think that really nails it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: Thank you very much. Just a follow-up question, so all the questions have been said and asked now on the trades and opportunities. Very simplistically, Sean, I am just curious you mentioned the red circles, you draw red circles around the areas where we think we can gain efficiency and then you then redeploy back for higher ROI on those brands. Over the past, I dont know lets say, as you have done this especially on Banquet, do you think there is realistically more upside to the $100 million that you have given us and therefore there are more red circles, or theres more of an opportunity to drop some of that to the bottom line? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Rob, Ill interpret that along the lines of the question Ive received sometimes before, which is in total, its more than 300 in our overall cost efficiency program, 200 SG&A, 100 in trade. And I think my answer before, which will remain intact today, is were only going to look for more. If we can find any inefficiency, we are going to try to get it out, whether its SG&A, weather its trade. Now, today, I can tell you, we are squarely focused on hitting that 300. We are on track. We feel good about the progress we are making. And we want to make sure we dont get any slippage in that before we start getting stars in our eyes around going beyond that. But I think philosophically and culturally, we dont view cost efficiency as a project, we view it as a way of life because it provides us fuel for investment and innovation. And its just helps us culturally be more performance oriented. So, we are going to continue to be relentless in that. Certainly on trade, its actually great to see the teams do it. Our teams get together as customer teams. They plan these events using significantly improved technology, post -- analytics tools, better systems. And we go through literally event by event, hundreds if not thousands of events. We know what theyve done in the past now. Weve got visibility to it. We know what we want to get rid of. We know what we want to change. We know what we want to add. And we do that by customer and its making a meaningful difference. So, were going to continue to work it. So, if there is more there, we will get it. Were not ready to speculate on that right now, but philosophically, thats our view.
Operator: Well hear now from Credit Suisses, Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. And best wishes to you, Chris. So, I guess a two-part question, the first is I understand that we dont want to use fiscal 16 as an EPS base. But, if I just look at operating profit in the two divisions, both had very strong years in 16. And I guess I am just trying to do the big picture math of -- theyre both going to have pretty significant SG&A savings. The trade productivity will continue. And then thats going to be offset by some dissynergies. So, I guess just big picture, like should we expect kind of a normal year because these two things kind of trade-off against each other? Can it be an above normal year, below normal year? And maybe I am supposed to wait until the Analyst Day for all of that, but just a way to put it like a big picture format.
Sean Connolly: Rob, were not going to get into anything that could look like guidance for next year at this point, because we are not ready to do that. Clearly, we feel very good about the direction that we are headed in terms of margin expansion, in terms of our ability to rebuild the innovation funnel. So, we are moving in the right direction, and well look forward to going through each of the businesses in detail and giving some detailed guidance for you, as we do these Investor Days.
Robert Moskow: Can I ask an interest expense question also? I thought interest expense will be down quite a bit more than what the guidance implies for fourth quarter and then maybe into next year. Can you give us a sense of what interest expense would look like for fiscal 17, John?
John Gehring: Well, let me start with the Q4. I believe interest expense is down about $20 million. Just as a reminder, we had deployed the proceeds from private a brand until fairly late in the year and then also the debt were taking out is fairly low interest debt. So, thats both the beauty and the curse of these interest rate environments. Certainly, as we go forward next year, you can look at the full year impact of the debt we just repaid but all we dont know right now is the capital allocation around some of these other transactions that are still in progress. So, its not possible for me at this point or responsible for me to say here is what the other interest rate impacts of some of that capital deployment is going to be. Certainly, I would think those net-net would be favorable to interest expense next year. But we just cant quantify at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Chris, best wishes to you as well. I may echo the earlier talks there. I had just two questions, if I could. If you look at the gross margin performance, it was stronger than expected; it was very strong obviously benefitting from the absence of private brands. Could you talk about whether that was more consumer driven or commercial driven? I know consumer has a number of things that are benefitting the gross margin, was that the majority of the upside there? And then the second question, just around youve had some very weak IRI and Nielsen data, it was the question earlier. I am just trying to understand when I even look at some categories that I regard as sort of focus categories for ConAgra, we are seeing those -- the way to decline in those categories accelerates, and is it the matter of increased spending or maybe taking some of the tray torsion saving and reinvest those back in the business? I am trying to understand what you could do behind the focused categories, those you may focus on the future to really reignite revenue growth there?
John Gehring: Yes. Let me start on the gross margin side. We dont talk a lot about gross margin details, why, to tell you directionally is that both segments have strong gross margin increases. There was proportionally more in consumer than you get in commercial business, but both of them had strong margin expansion.
Tom McGough: Chris, this is Tom McGough. When you think about consumption performance, we break it down into two components, whats non-promoted and whats promoted. And as Sean said, in February specifically, there was a lot of noise on our numbers. What it was, was the deliberate choice not to repeat some low ROI events from the previous year. And what it wasnt, was a fundamental weakness in the foundation of the base non-promoted volume. Obviously, weve taken price on Banquet, as Sean said, it impacted both base and promoted. When you take out Banquet and look at the rest of our portfolio, our non-promoted base sales were essentially flat. So, we are going through a period, not just our sales in terms of looking at trade productivity, investing it in the right return activities, but the customer environment is also changing. And there is a move for less promotional activity from some customers. I think inherent and what we are driving against is selling more off the shelf and relying less from push activities. So, I think thats some of the noise that you see in the most recent results, certainly ours but I think more broadly some of this has been driven by changes in customer strategies as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Elyn Rodriguez: Hey guys, good morning. This is Elyn Rodriguez on for Alexia. So, how worried are you about the impact of an introducing voluntary GMO labeling at a national level, when the GMA spent millions of dollars in recent years, so why this happening? Thanks so much.
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously our position when it comes to GMO labeling is we need a federal standard, anything else makes no such. At the end of the day, we are for the consumer and we believe in transparency but we think its got to be done at a federal level. That said, there has not been a federal preemption and there is a law in Vermont. And we have to do whats necessary to make sure that we are in compliance. For us to carve out inventories and think we can control what goes into Vermont, is not pragmatic, its not really doable at least with any reasonable cost. So we are in a position where weve got to do what weve got to do. And hopefully where we are right now is not the end of the story, there will be an evolution, there will be a federal standard and there will be a common communication strategy around this. So, ultimately thats we care most about but there is no consumer confusion, there is no unnecessary increase in cost of the foods that our consumers are buying, things like that.
Operator: And we will hear now from Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo.
Todd Duvick: Just a quick question on the balance sheet; you have definitely been busy and you talk about additional debt reduction. So, I guess two part question, one is, should we assume that cash on hand and commercial paper will be used to take out the July maturity? And secondly, should we expect any incremental debt reduction as a function of the Lamb Weston spin?
John Gehring: Yes. So, again, as some of this gets into kind of capital allocation plans, we have to finalize. So, I dont want to get specific on exactly what we will be on the July maturity. I think if you can kind of do a math little bit, I think there is a couple of guide post I would point to. One is we continue to be committed to an investment grade credit rating on the ConAgra Brands business. Certainly what that implies is as we spin out pieces of business or otherwise change the portfolio where we would lose EBITDA, we would naturally then look to further debt reduction to make sure that our debt to EBITDA ratios are in line with whats required to be investment grade. So, I think its a reasonable assumption that as we take pieces of business out and so off EBITDA or spin them off, it will have some additional debt reductions, but more details to come on that going forward.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, Ill hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes todays ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-12-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean Connolly - Chief Executive Officer John Gehring - Chief Financial Officer Chris Klinefelter - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Tom Werner - President, Commercial Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Tim Ramey - Pivotal Research Group Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Lubi Kutua - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to introduce your host from ConAgra Foods for todays program, Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; John Gehring, Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Klinefelter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Klinefelter.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our companys direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that can influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I will refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A document or on our website. Now, I will turn it over to Sean.
Sean Connolly: Thanks, Chris. Happy holidays, everybody and thanks for joining us to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings. As you saw in our release, our second quarter results reflect continued momentum following a strong first quarter with comparable EPS of $0.71, up from $0.61 in prior year. Before I get into details regarding our results, I want to take a step back and review the broader set of strategic initiatives we have undertaken to build a stronger, more consistent and more valuable future for ConAgra Foods. In the three short months since we met to speak about our first quarter fiscal 2016 results, we have undertaken bold actions that demonstrate our commitment to creating significant value for our shareholders. Specifically, we announced a $300 million efficiency plan with $200 million coming from SG&A reductions and $100 million from trade efficiencies. The decision to co-locate our entire Consumer Foods team under one roof in a new corporate headquarters in Chicago, the agreement to sell our private label operations to TreeHouse Foods and plans to separate into two independent pure-play public companies, ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston. We are hard at work implementing each of these initiatives. We are on track to execute our $300 million efficiency plan, which will truly help us build ConAgra into a lean, more focused company and we are confident this effort will improve profitability, advance our growth agenda and unlock shareholder value. As we said previously, we expect to realize the majority of our efficiency improvements in fiscal 2017 and 2018. Work is also underway to bring our consumer team under one roof at our new headquarters in Chicago. We expect to move during the summer of 2016 and we are confident that bringing the consumer and corporate leadership teams together in a more open physical space will accelerate our shift to a leaner, more nimble, innovative and performance-oriented culture. Importantly, we also expect to improve our ability to attract and retain top talent. Ultimately, our goal is clear. We are building a ConAgra that is sharply focused on the consumer in a tireless pursuit of profitable growth. With respect to private brands, in early November following a robust process, we announced the sale to TreeHouse Foods for approximately $2.7 billion in cash. We remain on track to close the transaction in the first quarter of calendar year 2016. Finally, just last month, we announced our plans to pursue the separation of ConAgra Foods into two independent public companies, ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston, through a tax-free spin-off, which we expect to complete by fall of calendar 2016. As we said when we announced the spin-off, our goal is to enable both ConAgra Brands and Lamb Weston to operate as vibrant pure-play companies with enhanced strategic focus and flexibility. We believe this is the best opportunity for these businesses to drive solid, long-term financial performance. Both companies will have strong market positions and will be poised to capitalize on their unique growth opportunities. As we get closer to the spin, we will share additional details regarding each business and our expectations for their respective performance at two separate Investor Days. So, we have accomplished a tremendous amount in a short period as we transformed ConAgra Foods to unlock long-term shareholder value. While a significant amount of work lies ahead on each of these initiatives, I can assure you that our management team is fully committed to executing with excellence. At the same time, we remain intensely focused on the operational plan that I laid out in June. Everyday, our business teams are and will remain focused on: one, driving margins through efficiencies; two, disciplined portfolio segmentation, brand building and innovation; and three, balanced capital allocation. Our solid Q2 results provide direct evidence of the progress we are making against these efforts. We have a good foundation in place and we are seeing positive trends in both Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. In our Consumer Foods segment, we reported second quarter net sales of approximately $2 billion. This is down versus the prior year as a 2% improvement in price mix only partially offset a 3% decline in volume and a negative 2% impact from foreign exchange. In terms of profitability our commitment to improving our fundamentals led to a robust 10% increase and comparable operating profit and margin expansion of more than 200 basis points. This overall profile of margin expansion, alongside a disciplined pursuit of higher quality volume, will be a central part of our playbook in 2016 as we focus on maximizing our profitability over the long-term. Along these lines in Q2, we benefited from strategic pricing actions and reduced inefficient trade investments on key brands in order to begin establishing more of an investment grade volume base. Additionally, we made strategic investments in marketing to help drive long-term brand vitality. So again, our approach to the top line right now is one of increased discipline around portfolio segmentation, assortment, trade, pricing, innovation and A&P support aimed at driving higher margins and unlocking new channel opportunities. And as I have said before that means we are gradually eliminating volume that does not meet our profit standards. We will continue to follow this approach in coming quarters as we strengthen our foundation and create a platform, which we can grow in a quality way. One brand that demonstrates our intentions perfectly is Banquet, and I will say more about that brand in a minute. We also have a number of other brands that are performing well and delivering solid top and bottom line growth in response to investment. These are brands with clear differentiators and relevant consumer benefits like Marie Callenders, Slim Jim and Reddi-wip. Our investments here are driving strong end market results as these brands grew significantly during the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe we have further opportunity to refresh our Consumer Foods portfolio in a number of ways, including further premiumization and an enhanced focus on wellness and authenticity. We expect to achieve this through a combination of organic innovation and marketing as well as smart acquisitions. You can see examples of this kind of work in our portfolio right now. We have launched Healthy Choice Simply Steamers, a clean label, lower carb version of our successful frozen Caf Steamers line. We also launched Peter Pan Simply Ground, which is one heck of a product. And as you have heard us discuss before, within Hunts, we have leveraged our flash steamed peeling process that naturally peels tomatoes with steam. On Reddi-wip, with the emphasis on using real cream versus oil and on Hebrew National where our all-beef hot dogs are free of fillers, byproducts and artificial colors and flavors. And complementing our organic innovation recently was the acquisition of Blakes All Natural Foods. While small, its a good example of how we also aim to refresh the portfolio through new additions. I mentioned earlier that Banquet demonstrated our margin over volume intentions perfectly and now I would like to offer more color. In fact, Banquet represented the vast majority of the second quarter volume decline as planned. Nevertheless, we believe our plan is the right one for long-term brand health and financial strength. In the second quarter, we launched a comprehensive program to restage the Banquet franchise and liberate it from the $1 price point. The higher price points enable us to invest in higher quality, including more protein as well as in surgical A&P that reeducates the consumer about the brand. As expected, we experienced an elasticity effect on consumer demand tied to the new pricing and reduced trade promotion frequency. But we also launched a new consumer marketing campaign late in the quarter to introduce consumers to Banquets new value proposition. Not every consumer will transition with the brand because a few are only about price, but given the higher quality we will attract new consumers to the franchise over time as well as improve the buying rate of brand loyalists. While its still early in the rollout, we like the margin expansion we are seeing and its highly disciplined approach to margin expansion is one we feel good about and we will methodically apply to other brands with similar opportunities. The final point I will make about our Consumer Foods segment is that we will remain relentlessly focused on improving operational efficiency and reducing costs to provide the necessary resources to invest behind organic and inorganic growth initiatives as well as the price mix benefits that come from our disciplined portfolio segmentation. Those initiatives should make for solid, consistent profit performance this fiscal year. Turning to Commercial Foods, net sales were approximately $1 billion, up 1% compared to the prior year. The Commercial Foods segments operating profit was $162 million, up 11% on a comparable basis. Lamb Weston delivered strong international volume growth. As you know, this is due in part to lapping the impact of last years West Coast port labor dispute as well as the impact of last years food safety issues in Asia. We are now seeing our international shipments normalized and growing in key markets. As we have indicated before, Lamb Weston remains well positioned to capitalize on the significant international growth opportunities created by the aggressive emerging market expansion of major quick service restaurant chains. We have and we will continue to invest in this business to support our customers growth internationally. In our Lamb Weston North America business we continue to see positive growth momentum across many of our key customers in the quick serve restaurant and operator distributor channels. We have industry-leading innovation and customer service and our breadth of diversified products continue to position this business as a clear market leader in North America. As we mentioned before, private brands has been reclassified as discontinued operations. At a high level, I will say that the team continues to make progress on stabilizing the business and making sequential improvement in profitability. We look forward to completing the transaction in the first quarter of calendar year 2016 and are working closely with TreeHouse Foods to ensure a smooth transition for all stakeholders. Before I turn it over to John, I want to take a moment to recognize the significant effort of our team across the company as we work to transform ConAgra into a stronger, more consistent company with a more valuable future as we unlock shareholder value. Yes, we have got a lot of work to do, but I am confident we are on the right path and couldnt be more excited about what lies ahead. With that, John, over to you.
John Gehring: Thank you, Sean and good morning and happy holidays to everyone. In my comments this morning I will recap our fiscal second quarter performance including comparability matters and then address cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. I will also provide some brief comments on our fiscal 2016 outlook. Before I comment on performance, I want to briefly update you on the divestiture of our private label operations. As Sean noted, we continue to expect to close the sale in the first calendar quarter of 2016. At this time, we have only recognized a small portion of the tax benefit related to the capital loss we expect from the sale. However, we remain confident that the company will be able to realize significant tax benefits in the future. Specifically, we expect to utilize this loss carry-forward over the next few years as we work to reshape our portfolio in a disciplined manner. As a reminder, the results of operations for the businesses being divested are reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented. In addition, in accordance with GAAP, the company is no longer recording depreciation and amortization expense on the assets held for sale. Consistent with our second quarter guidance, discontinued operations for the fiscal second quarter reflect about $0.07 of EPS benefit from the absence of depreciation and amortization. And as I noted last quarter, there are several smaller lines of businesses  business that have been reclassified between segments in connection with the private brands divestiture. The overall impact to our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments is minor. However, we will provide reclassified historical segment financial information as part of our third quarter earnings release. Now I will recap our performance for our fiscal second quarter. Overall, diluted EPS from continuing operations as reported was $0.37. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, diluted comparable EPS for the fiscal second quarter, including discontinued operations, was $0.71 which is ahead of our expectations and compares favorably to our prior year quarters comparable earnings per share base of $0.61. As Sean noted, both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments performed well. In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were approximately $2 billion for the quarter, down about 3% from the year ago period, reflecting a 3% decline in volume, a 2% improvement in price mix and a 2% negative impact from foreign exchange. Segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $341 million or up about 10% from the year ago period. Operating margin on a comparable basis expanded about 200 basis points versus the year ago quarter. Margin expansion continues to be driven by pricing, mix management, supply chain efficiencies and favorable commodity trends. Foreign exchange this quarter had negative impacts of $32 million on net sales and about $12 million on operating profit for the segment. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter cost savings were approximately $40 million and inflation had a modest favorable impact on results this quarter. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $105 million, up about 18% from the prior year quarter reflecting our efforts to continue to strengthen and support our brands. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion or up about 2% from the prior year quarter. The Commercial Foods segments operating profit was $162 million or 11% above the year ago quarters operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability. The strong operating performance was driven by margin expansion and strong volume performance in our Lamb Weston business. Discontinued operations posted a loss of $0.02 per diluted share this quarter, which includes an impairment charge of approximately $0.18 per share. This charge was required to adjust the carrying value of the private brands asset held for sale to $2.7 billion, which is our expected net proceeds from the pending transaction. After adjusting for this charge and other expenses, the private label discontinued operations earned $0.13 per diluted share this quarter, including about $0.07 per share of benefit related to the cessation of depreciation and amortization. Expected comparable earnings from private label operations were included in our earlier guidance for the quarter. Moving on to corporate expenses for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $190 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $65 million versus $57 million in the year ago quarter. The increase versus last years second quarter principally relates to higher incentives. Equity method investment earnings were $25 million for the quarter and $34 million in the year ago period. The year-over-year decrease reflects lower earnings from our Ardent Mills joint venture driven by unfavorable weak market conditions, which from time to time can result in short-term margin impacts. Our comparability items this quarter included three items. First, approximately $0.19 per share of net expense related to restructuring charges. Second, approximately $0.02 per diluted share of net expense related to the income tax matters from the planned sale of the private brands business. And third we had approximately $0.15 per share of expense related to items and discontinued operations for which we have provided additional details in the Regulation G disclosure included in the release. On cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, we ended the quarter with $96 million of cash on hand and $167 million of outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Total operating cash flows through the second quarter were approximately $318 million versus $418 million in the year ago quarter. The decrease is driven principally by timing matters related to incentives and tax payments. And as a reminder, due to the seasonality in our business and our normal inventory cycle, we typically generate a significant portion of our annual operating cash flow in the second half of the year. We remain confident in our ability to generate attractive operating cash flows over the balance of this fiscal year. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $69 million versus $67 million in the prior year quarter. Net interest expense was $80 million in the fiscal second quarter versus $79 million in the year ago quarter. And dividends for this fiscal quarter were $108 million versus $106 million in the year ago quarter. On capital allocation, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy that appropriately balances between further debt reduction, the top-tier dividend, share repurchases and additional growth investments. During the second fiscal quarter, we repaid $250 million of long-term debt principally through commercial paper borrowings. We expect to refinance $750 million of debt, which matures on January 25, 2016 with short-term debt in commercial paper. As previously noted, we plan to use the proceeds from the sale of the private label operations primarily for debt repayment, including any debt issued to refinance the January debt maturity. During the fiscal second quarter, we did not repurchase any shares and we have approximately $132 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. Now, I would like to provide a few comments on the balance of fiscal 2016. As we noted in the release, we are not offering fiscal 2016 EPS guidance at this point given the current status of the private brands divestiture. However, I would like to offer a few comments on our outlook. In our Consumer Foods segment, we expect to post modest comparable operating profit growth for the full fiscal year, even with our higher marketing investment, one less week in the year and headwinds from FX and higher incentives and stranded costs. The improved performance reflects margin expansion driven by pricing, mix management, supply chain efficiencies and a favorable commodity environment. We also expect the Commercial Foods segment to post solid operating profit growth despite having one less week in the year and higher incentive costs. The profit growth reflects volume growth in Lamb Weston and margin expansion across the segment. With regard to the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect comparable EPS, including discontinued operations to be modestly higher than the prior year quarter. Our guidance assumes expected headwinds from higher incentives, FX and increased marketing investments. This guidance also assumes a full quarters contribution from the private label business and reflects the benefit from the cessation of depreciation and amortization related to the private label divestiture. We expect continued strong fundamentals in both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segment with margin expansion across those segments and continued strong volume performance in our Commercial Foods segment. We also expect modest initial benefits from our SG&A cost savings programs. In closing, while we are working through a great deal of change, we are pleased with our performance so far this fiscal year and strengthening margins across our businesses and in managing the significant changes in cost structure and portfolio that we believe will drive value creation over time. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Sean and I along with Tom McGough and Tom Werner will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody and happy holidays.
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew.
John Gehring: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, John. Just two questions from me if I could. First would be just around the efficiency projects and this maybe just splitting hairs, but I guess you talked about in the release this morning about getting the full $300 million in savings by the end of fiscal 19. And I think in the prior release when you had announced these projects, I think you said maybe roughly half in 17 with the balance in 18. So, I didnt know if there was something that had changed that, that pushed it out by year or if its I am just making more of the wording than I should?
John Gehring: Yes. And probably, some imprecise wording on our part, but we would expect as I said in my comments we will have some modest benefits in fiscal 16. We will have a significant portion of the savings in 17. And by the time we get to the end of fiscal 18, we will be at our full run-rate of cost savings, so, really no difference  no change in our outlook from the previous call.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for the clarity there. And then just want to make sure a little bit understanding of the guidance for fiscal 3Q. Given you are including private brands for the entire three months of the quarter, I guess given the D&A benefit to the private label results is likely to again be sizable in the 3Q. I guess it would sit I guess by back of the envelope would suggest it implies maybe the underlying operations maybe flat to down in 3Q. But given the strong performance this quarter, I am trying to understand what would really drive that or whats different around the underlying business in the 3Q than what we saw in 2Q? 
John Gehring: Yes. Andrew, I think your assessment of flat to down modestly, the way the math works is how we are looking at it right now. I would say we still expect to see good fundamentals across both of the operating segments. Commercial I think will continue to see good volume growth in margin expansion. In consumer, we expect to see continued strong gross margins. However, we also are reflected in that guidance. We also expect to continue to invest responsibly behind our brands and we will have some additional pressure from FX and higher incentives. So, I think the trends that we have seen in the strong segment performance will continue.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, its Sean here. If I can just build on that, clearly, the actions we are taking overall as a company right now are aimed at maximizing our value creation potential for the long-term. So, principally, the way I think about this is that the absence of D&A gives us some flexibility to make strategic investments for the long-term health of our portfolio. And importantly, thats an approach that we will follow in the future fairly consistently where if things break our way, we will invest some of that favorability back in our business. And similarly, when things break against us, we wont completely abandon brand building and innovation entirely. Its all about maximizing long term profitability.
Operator: And we will move now to Citis David Driscoll.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Sean Connolly: Good morning, David.
John Gehring: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: So, I just wanted to ask a couple of things about cost savings and inflation. I think you said that you generated about $40 million of cost savings in the quarter. How do we think about this figure going forward, John? Should it be is $40 million a quarter a good number? And then would this number be something on top of the $300 million that really starts, I guess, you said a little bit this year, but really big-time starting next year. This $40 million just kind of normal productivity and shouldnt be repeatable on top of the $300 million going forward?
John Gehring: Yes, so really two separate line items there, David. The $300 million is our cost savings that we talked about a month or so ago. That is comprised of about $200 million of SG&A, about $100 million of trade efficiency. The $40 million I referenced was just the Consumer Foods supply chain, COGS efficiencies that we have achieved and I would say we certainly would look to perform at that level. I know we are going to challenge our business to make that even stronger over time, but thats probably a decent model to work with.
David Driscoll: And then just clearly on that  thank you, thank you for that. Just following on, on the inflation piece, you mentioned that inflation was a benefit in the quarter. Can you give us some kind of quantification on it? And then importantly, do you expect that level of inflation benefit to persist in the third and fourth quarters of the year?
John Gehring: Its probably in the range in $0.01 or so, maybe $0.01 to $0.02 of benefit. I cant get into the details in terms of looking forward. Clearly, the commodity markets have been favorable, I think almost across the board. However, as we look at there are some challenges from time to time in manufacturing and transportation particularly in terms of capacity and the transportation and warehousing area. But I think overall, we would expect inflation to be net-net a minor impact or benefit going forward for the balance of the year.
Operator: And we will take a question now from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks and happy holidays from me as well.
Sean Connolly: Good morning Ken.
Ken Goldman: In terms of the gross margins strength, I think you highlighted a couple of items and I think in there and correct me if I am wrong, reduction in trade spending in an effective way, some SKU rationalization. Two questions behind that, number one, if we were to bucket those two items in terms of sort of their importance in the gross margins strength, how would we think about that and also is there other writings that perhaps are beyond that  those two as well that helped the gross margin. And I know you talked about cost deflation, so I guess thats the third. And then I guess the second question on that is are you getting any pushback from your customers as you spend a little bit less on trade, I mean I guess a lot of it has to do with Banquet. But just in general, some of the grocers that we cover talk about the balance they would like to have between promotion and non-promotion, but that they cant  they dont just want their vendors to cut it all off and leave it dry, so I am just curious how you think about that balance there and when there has been any push-backs from your top customers out there?
Sean Connolly: Yes. Ken, Sean here. When it comes to gross margin expansion, what we are really relying on our own actions and improvements in our own level of discipline, not windfall benefits from the market and from deflation, thats not what this is all about. It is a multifaceted approach that we will continuously we take here in the quarters and years ahead to get our gross margins up. And a big piece of that is discipline around pricing trade efficiency, etcetera. But as we think about pricing, there are three pillars to our pricing actions. The first is what I will call inflation justified list price increases. The second is less deep discounting in terms of trade investments. And the third is brand quality upgrades like we did with Banquet this quarter. At any given time, we are pursuing some combination of these three and the goal is simple, which is to maximize brand strength and in doing so, maximize margins. Clearly, our efforts here are in early innings, but we feel very good about what we can do on the margin front and what we can do on the brand vitality front over time. With respect to your question on trade, we are a company that has historically, obviously lean too hard on trade and a lot of that was without a lot of discipline and we didnt get a good return on that investment. Thats not in our customers best interest either to spend money with them that doesnt generate top and bottom line sales. So when it comes to trade in $100 million we talk about, we talked about this before, but its not about cutting that $100 million, its about identifying where $100 million is not generating a return and then redeploying that. We might redeploy it in more efficient promotions. We might redeploy it in innovation, etcetera. At the end of the day, our customer wants to grow their top line and bottom line as much as we do. And if we cannot identify dollars that we are spending with them that are not working efficiently and make the more effective and more efficient, they are fully supportive.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: We will take a question now from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning everyone and happy holidays as well.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Matthew Grainger: So I guess first, just to follow-up on Kens question, I wanted to see if you could provide any more granularity on some of the promotional adjustments and SKU rationalization thats going on in consumer and clearly a bulk of it right now is your focus on restaging Banquet, but I am just curious where you are in the process of assessing other brands acting on opportunities elsewhere in the portfolio. And in terms of the impact, any directional commentary you can give on how that might impact the top line in the second half or how much its benefiting margins at the moment?
Tom McGough: Sure, Matthew. This is Tom McGough. Let me build off the comments that Sean highlighted. In terms of  I think we have talked about pretty consistently about making sure that each of our businesses is right on the four piece, improving the fundamental, being perfect at retail. If you look at a business like P.F. Changs this time last year when we reinstates that business in terms of product quality, product range and the business has grown very nicely. So our approach is one looking at our businesses and assessing the performance against those dimensions and Banquet is a move that we are making this year. We are combining our pricing increase with the significant increase in the product quality. This is a brand that has nearly 50% household penetration. Its a relatively high purchase frequency business. We dont expect all those customers or consumers to come with us with a higher price, but we are investing in the business to advertise the new benefits and features that we have added to the product. And over time, we believe that thats the right long-term approach to strengthen the fundamentals on the business. In terms of trade productivity, as Sean said this is not a take away. This is about how are we more effective. And our experience has been that customers want to have higher impact, higher ROI and thats our focus. So its part of our new discipline that we have across our company, getting the fundamentals right and looking at how we invest our resources for the highest impact of return both for ourselves and our customers.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks Tom. And then just one follow-up, I guess on the Consumer Foods top line growth profile, underlying sales growth in that segment has been a bit ahead of retail takeaway, I guess as implied by scanner [ph] data for the past two quarters and I know there is  some thing is going on with the adjustments in trade spending, but as we look ahead to Q3, can you just update us on where you stand on inventory levels at the moment, whether there has been any shipment timing dynamics around the Banquet restaging or anything that would have flatter results in the quarter?
Tom McGough: So, our scanner performance is only a  its a significant portion, but only a portion of our overall results. There are non-measured channels, in particular club dollar that our portfolio is well positioned against. In terms of retailer inventories, we actually come in the industry see a trend among retailers to be more efficient. So, there is no real significant changes in any type of retail inventory. So as I look at the second half, we are going to continue to take a very strategic and disciplined approach to building a stronger and healthier volume base and our second half volumes likely to be down slightly as we continue to focus on eliminating that non-investment grade volume that John spoke about.
Operator: And David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets has our next question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning, happy holidays. Just to follow-up on that trade promotion line of questioning, if you were to look at the volumes side, it looks like mid single-digit declines in Nielsen takeaway, how much do you think that decline is being caused by that purposeful reduction in promoted business or even SKU rationalization. And then perhaps separately, it looks like the cocoa business is coming off, I would imagine you are seeing weather noise there, any help on that would be great? Thanks.
Tom McGough: Sure. Once again, this is Tom McGough. Let me just set the context of the overall sales performance. As both John and Sean talked about, our sales performance was largely defined by Banquet and FX. In terms of the balance of the portfolio, we feel really good that we have improved our overall competitive effectiveness. While there is puts and takes across the balance of the portfolio, in aggregate we grew sales and share across the rest of our business and thats a multi-dimensional. It is increasing investments behind consistent high-performing brands like Marie Callender, Slim Jim and Reddi-wip. They also contribute to a significant mix improvement. We are taking inflation justified pricing. Most of that is rollover pricing from earlier in the year and we continue to work brand by brand to optimize the four piece. Part of that is looking at the trade promotion effectiveness. And another component is the SKU optimization where we have actually seen as we have eliminated SKUs, our velocities increase and the strength of our business is stronger. As you mentioned there are some near-term headwinds, particularly we see a slow start to the winter season. Our focus however, is really focused on what can we control and what we can control is our competitive effectiveness. And for the vast majority of our portfolio, we grew sales and share during the quarter.
Operator: We will move now to Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just a couple of questions. Follow-up on some of the earlier promo efficiency discussion, how much did your largest customers clean store initiative itself maybe drive some of this reduction in promo, but then I have one question after that?
Tom McGough: This is Tom again. Across our customer base, our customers are each refining their strategies and tactics to improve their overall competitiveness. We are fully engaged with each of our customers to better align our initiatives, our strategies, our tactics with their go-to-market. I think thats the new reality that we are going to face. And in that, what I feel good about is that we are increasing our overall share in the large portion of our portfolio. We seem to have a business thats driven more by consumer poll than customer push. So, those are just the dynamics that are happening within our business. We are taking a very disciplined approach to our investments and always trying to figure out the best way that our program is aligned with our customers interest so that we mutually grow our businesses.
Jonathan Feeney: So from those comments, Tom, it sounds like a clean store initiative broadly speaking would align kind of things you want to do with your portfolio anyway?
Tom McGough: I would make within our industry, its a relatively modest growth industry, and it is one about improving the operational efficiencies of the business. And those are the activities that we are focused on. We think they are the best interest of our brands, and ultimately, its where our customers are going as well.
Sean Connolly: And just Jonathan, its Sean here. One of the things  one of the places we are trying to get to is a place of more consistency for our shareholders so they can understand kind of the demand pull. And when historically we would drive these kind of artificial spikes of volume because of deep discount promotion, then you got to wrap it the following year, gets more costly every year, its just not a good way to run the business. It creates too much volatility. It eats away too much margin. Thats the opposite of what we are trying to get to, because obviously you take some time to kind of get off the drug so to speak and change your behavior, but I am really pleased with the progress Tom and his team are making here, because discipline goes a long way on this front.
Operator: We will hear a question now from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. Just two quick ones. First, I guess in terms of the potential for some of the debt refinancing coming up and debt pay down. Is there  John, is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of whether there is going to be any sort of like cash costs or any other additional cost related to like prepayment, any kind of penalties or just cost associated with paying debt down early?
John Gehring: So, I am not going to go into details of our debt repayment plan, but certainly, depending on how we affect that debt repayment, there could be some premiums we pay to get  to repay some of the debt. We have not finalized all those plans. So, I cant dimensionalize that for you. But what I can tell you is I am confident that whatever we do there, I think will be a pretty prudent use of the cash proceeds in a way that will benefit our balance sheet and then also balance that with reducing our interest cost over time.
Operator: And we have a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning. Happy holidays again. I have two questions. First, Sean, maybe can you talk a little bit about the kind of landscape for Lamb Weston and like sometimes in the past like the potato crop has kind of hurt results. And we dont have a lot of visibility into that and just maybe kind of how some of the QSR trends are affecting the outlook? And then on the  maybe you could talk a little bit on the consumer side about just the frozen category as you know has been really challenged since the financial crisis? Are you seeing any kind of flat-lining or maybe even some growth in the mainstream parts of that category? And I will let go.
Sean Connolly: Let me come back and tell you how I am thinking about frozen, Eric. I am going to turning it over to Tom Werner, so we can give you a little bit of perspective on the crop and on Lamb.
Tom Werner: Thanks. Hi, Eric. This is Tom Werner. First part of your question, we are at a point of the year where our crops in the storage so to speak and we feel really good about the crop and how its going to perform in our factories this year. So, we are not expecting any crop related financial issues for this fiscal year. The second part of your question, the QSRs, how are they doing? I would say when you look at North America and our international QSR customers we are seeing pretty solid year-over-year growth as we indicated. So, we feel really good about the trends that are happening particularly in North America, where we are seeing an uptick in traffic and thats certainly being reflected in our results.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And just a few thoughts on frozen, Eric, because this comes up every quarter and I think whats fascinating to me about frozen is you really need to peel back the onion and look very specifically category by category and then within category to see whats going on, because you are going to see completely different trend lines in different parts of the business. I think the first big picture point on frozen is the consumer need state for frozen food is absolutely undeniable. If you look at income levels in this country, cash flows in this country and the perishability associated with fresh foods and the fact that people have need states most often during the week and frankly its the majority of occasions where they are eating by themselves off major kind of breakfast, lunch and dinner hours. The ability to have frozen food that stays ready when you are on hand is absolutely undeniable. Whats fascinating about when you peel back the onion and look at it is far and away the largest piece of the weakness within the frozen section is stuff that I will describe as diet foods. Brands that have historically had trademarks and positioning that were associated with weight loss. And they wore that weight loss diet positioning on their sleeve. Those are the products that disproportionately have struggled and have struggled for some time. I think companies are refocusing on quality and they are refocusing on what the definition of wellness means and for kind of a whole new generation, including us. So, if you look at our Healthy Choice franchise as an example, its kind of a mixed bag. We have got in the last few years a major thrust away from the old what I will call kind of ice cube tray type of frozen dinners that have been around forever and into a much more innovative product that we brand as Caf Steamers. So, we have actually migrated away from the historic Healthy Choice positioning, focused more on Caf Steamers, more on fresh. And then in this fiscal year so far, we built on that by launching the Caf Steamers Simply line, which is all about clean label, low carb, much more contemporary. And these kinds of offerings are not only getting disproportionate customer support in terms of real state, because customers are dying for growth in frozen, but their velocities are significantly better and their margins are better. So, there is going to be a migration that takes place here and we want to participate in that and thats why we think innovation is going to be central to getting the frozen section operating to its full potential.
Operator: We will move now to Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone and happy holidays.
Sean Connolly: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. You alluded to inorganic growth and maybe portfolio changes in the Consumer Foods segment, could you maybe talk about your aspirations for acquisitions in there? What kind of properties might you be thinking about, small, large, fast growth, focusing on cost savings? And would you anticipate any further divestments out of your Consumer Foods business? Thank you.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Let me tackle that, Alexia. What I have said in previous quarters I think remains absolutely true, which is this is in the macro we are reshaping this portfolio and its going to happen organically and it will happen inorganically. On the inorganic side, frankly, including the organic side, the places where we have got to bolster up our portfolio is more along the lines of clean label, natural, organic, more along the lines of premium gourmet. That will be both organic and inorganic. You already see stuff like that going on. Organically, you see things like Blakes coming into the portfolio. So, we will be looking for those things. They tend to be faster growing. They tend to be margin accretive. The key is you got to be disciplined in your pursuit of that. So, we are very clear eyed on the strategy. We will be equally clear eyed on the economics of these deals. And with respect to small, medium or large, I wont speculate on small, medium or large other than to say we got plenty on our plate right now organically. So, we are going to continue to look inorganically, but its not as if thats a pressing need to do something of significant magnitude there. And as you think about divestitures, it takes me to this tax asset, these capital loss carry-forwards that we have gotten, just to give our investors a sense of how I think about that big picture because it really comes back to your question around how I think about divestitures. We  big picture, we are reshaping this portfolio, we are reshaping it to be more contemporary, higher margin, higher performing and more consistent. And that will happen over time through a series of organic and inorganic actions. And clearly the tax asset is one of those tools that we can leverage in this reshaping process, so there could be divestitures at some point. I wont speculate on when that could happen, I will just say we will do what makes sense for the long-term value creation potential of the company. But the tax asset is not going to drive the company strategy, what maximizes value long-term will.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. Hey, Tom and Sean, from our modeling the Consumer Foods division is on track to deliver like one of the most profitable years in my recollection and the margins are going to be higher than we have seen ever, can you just give us a sense of like what is running ahead of schedule in terms of your timeframe, whats surprising you on the upside. And then secondly, there is more savings coming, I am having a little trouble figuring out whether thats offsetting like corporate expense dissynergies or whether we can take that to the bottom line on Consumer Foods, and if so if we cant take it to consumer, Sean would you ever consider giving kind of a margin target for where Consumer Foods could go? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Let me hit that margin piece real quick. Rob then we will come back to your other questions. But clearly when we get to our Investor Day for ConAgra Brands, we will give you the full algorithm for how we are thinking about this. We are hard at work at that right now, so we will give you a sense for what we think we can do on an ongoing basis with that company over time. Obviously though, margin expansion is our first priority and I want Tom to weigh in on this in a second, but let me just say having been in this industry a long time, any time I see an infusion of discipline in a portfolio like ours, I feel good about what lies ahead and then certainly the case here because short-term sacrifice for long-term gain is part of the equation. Its part of the discipline. And thats what drove the profitability this quarter. Its kind of like avoiding the pecan pie after your big holiday dinner. Its awfully hard in the moment, but you will respect yourself a lot more the next day and you will have less weight to lose before spring breaks. So this is making some of these disciplined choices are not easy because its tempting to go after the volume. But when you stick to your convictions, you see the kind of margin expansion that we are beginning to show. And frankly, we got more to go because we have got a diverse portfolio and we are going after the low-hanging fruit, but we are getting keep chipping away at this Tom. Tom, you want to elaborate?
Tom McGough: Sure. Robert, this is Tom McGough. I think whats materially different is that we have taken a more holistic approach to how we build margins. Certainly, we have had a strong track record of supply chain productivity. What we have added to that is a discipline and the capabilities that Sean have highlighted. It begins with portfolio segmentation where we invest is having a material impact not only on our sales performance, but also our margin performance. You see that on brands like Marie Callender, Reddi-wip, Slim Jim. The second piece is around what Sean highlighted earlier, around pricing, thats multi-dimensional. Its being able to be timely and disciplined and effective when there is commodity base inflation. We are a company that in the past had a very strong push mentality to our approach. Our approach on trade promotion is to deliver higher ROI, higher impact promotions. And in the near-term, this would trade-off between the efficiency and effectiveness of that. And then the third is taking a holistic look at a brand like we have  we have talked about many of those, P.F. Changs but Banquet. Its about building margins through product quality upgrades, being able to command the price premium for that, so its a more holistic approach. There are new capabilities that we will be adding in terms of integrated margin management. Even more discipline in portfolio segmentation. I think what Sean highlighted is over time, we would expect our margins to grow and that I think is materially different than Consumer Foods over the last 5 years to 7 years.
John Gehring: Robert, this is John, if I can just clarify a piece of your question too. I think what Tom, and Sean are talking about are capabilities we have been working on and we are getting  we are seeing a really good traction. As I mentioned in my comments, as it relates to our cost savings initiatives both around SG&A and trade, we only expect to see a very modest impact from that this year, so certainly as we go forward we expect a much more significant contribution from that, which I think will enable us both to perhaps put some of that for the bottom line, but also make sure we are investing in the portfolio so that we have a sustainable model, so hopefully that clarifies that.
Operator: We have a question now from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Sean Connolly: Hi Chris.
John Gehring: Hi Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two questions for you if I could, I want to be clear on is the portfolio segmentation that you intend for ConAgra Brands for the Consumer Foods portfolio, is that complete and therefore you are executing against the innovation, the promotional spending, against the categories that you are going to focus on going forward, is that of sort of complete already is really my question?
Sean Connolly: No, it is not complete Chris, with respect to segmentation or innovation. There is some good stuff underway, but frankly we still have a much larger opportunity in front of us. Darren Serrao, as you may know is only three months into his stint and as Chief Growth Officer. And he and Tom are working closely together to evolve our portfolio segmentation approach to the next level from what we have been using in the recent past. So this work will inform what areas we will prioritize going forward and also where we will scale back. And the point here is that we will be very deliberate in how we deploy our resources for maximum return. But on the whole top line side of our equation is earlier days than what we have been doing on costs as an example.
Chris Growe: And perhaps that instructs my second question which is in terms of like incremental marketing spending and you are  where you are cutting back on promotional spending in areas of the business that you are going to change the kind of the marketing programs, that still is to be decided. So as we have seen increasing marketing this quarter of $80 million, it sounds like its going to accelerate in the third quarter, but we are not clear on what brand its going behind or how much that could accelerate at this point, if you given more color on that?
Tom McGough: Sure. Overall  this is Tom McGough again. We believe in investing in brands, but we have to do it in a very effective  very disciplined way. It starts with the portfolio segmentation and that is the start in terms of where our best opportunities are. And to that, we hold a standard for each brand to be A&P ready. So what we look at is we have concentrated our spending on those brands that have the best category position, have the best fundamentals and strong margin profile. So our resources, what I am trying to communicate are very surgical, very focused and we are seeing very strong end market results. Earlier, there was a talk about the frozen category Marie Callender continues to grow in a challenged category, strong single-digits in growth. Thats indicative of the discipline and approach that we have in terms of A&P. Would you get more brands A&P ready, over time as we get those brands ready, we will increase our investments.
Operator: We will move now to Tim Ramey with Pivotal Research Group.
Tim Ramey: Thanks so much. Two questions, you called out some higher incentive expenses, should we assume that you are paying retention bonuses for key people in the move or how should we think about that?
John Gehring: Yes. Tim, this is John. On the maybe two things, first of all there are retention payments that we are paying to people as we transition the business. Those are typically captured in our restructuring costs, so that would not be captured in my comment on incentives. The incentives increase is really just simply a function of our pay for performance programs. And unfortunately last year, we did not perform particularly well, which was reflected in lower incentives, particularly in the back half of the year. And as we go forward this year, our expectation is that we are going to perform better, which will lead to higher incentives.
Tim Ramey: Okay. And then just on Banquet, you are reinvesting in the brand proving the product quality, if you could sort of implant the thought in the consumer mind, how would they think about Banquet on a go-forward basis versus kind of this historic, is it cleaner labels, is it fewer unidentifiable chunks, whats the consumer going to take away if they fully get your marketing message?
John Gehring: Sure. We think it is incredibly strong brand. Its in nearly one out of every two households. And the core of that brand is providing the family favored foods at a great value. So our fundamental positioning of the brand has not changed, but whats improved is our overall execution and optimizing that. So what we are advertising is higher quality ingredients, more protein, higher quantity of food up to 25% more. And with that, we have combined that with the price increase to reflect the value and the benefits that we are delivering to the consumer, so same still great positioning a family favorite food at a great value. But we are investing in terms of the product quality and increasing the price commensurate with that.
Operator: We have a question now from Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo.
Todd Duvick: Yes. Thanks for the question. Quickly on the balance sheet, John you made some very helpful comments, specifically with respect to the January maturity, you mentioned that you are planning to refinance it with short-term debt and commercial paper, can you clarify whether that short-term debt, it sounds like its going to be bank debt as opposed to trimming out some debt in the debt capital markets, is that right?
John Gehring: More than likely, that will be the case because our  because of the timing of the close of the private brands we need to refinance that before we get the proceeds. So our objective is to be able to turn around and quickly repay that. So we are looking at short-term options there.
Operator: We will move now to Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Lubi Kutua: Good morning. This is actually Lubi filling in for Akshay. Happy holidays to everybody. Just had a quick question. Most of my questions have been answered already, but just regarding the sort of timing of the necessary filing that you have to do for the two standalone businesses, the Lamb Weston and ConAgra Brands. Could you give us any color into when we should expect to see, I think there is a Form 10 or something that needs to be filed? And just sort of the timing of that process if you could give us any color, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I cant tell you with great precision, but I would say later in the spring is what we would be targeting. And again, we will be looking at a number of variables there on that timing, not the least of which is where we need to do to get, how much time do we need to get the work done, but also whats the best timing there relative to when we think we will be going live, etcetera, but I would say late spring is probably a good place to take it.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today will be a follow-up from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Thanks for sneaking me in. On Banquet, its been sort of the de facto private label entry in the category mainly or in part, because its price was so low. As you raised the price, how do you prevent a private label competitor from coming in taking share, particularly those customers that arent traveling with the brand as you say? I guess, I am asking because prices are great when there is no major competitor underneath. Elasticity can be light, but isnt there a risk that over time if the brand gets stuck in the middle if someone else does come in?
Sean Connolly: Ken I will attempt to answer that. Tom, if I miss something here, chime in, but you dont tend to see a huge private label presence in categories where you have a large nearly $1 billion well-established kind of value player like a Banquet. So, Banquet has effectively played that role. And furthermore, frozen entres in general, you dont see a large private label presence. So, I am not overly concerned about that piece at all. It will still be a value, but the value proposition has changed. Frankly, when we talk to Banquet loyalists, some of them clearly say, hey, if you give me better quality, if you give me a little larger portion, if you give me more protein, I am happy to pay for it. That looks like value to me as opposed to just being caught on price. By the same token, there are other consumers in there who over time have been positioned and trained to just buy on deep discount, but we dont value that consumer purchase the same way we value the other consumer purchase and we are getting more discerning around where we are going to  whose volume we are going to chase. Thats part of the concern. But I would say net-net I am not particularly worried about that scenario at all.
Ken Goldman: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: There are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I will hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Happy holidays and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes todays ConAgra Foods second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-09-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean Connolly  President and CEO John Gehring  EVP and CFO Chris Klinefelter - VP, Investor Relations Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods 
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Driscoll - Citi Research Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse AG Chris Growe - Stifel Diana Chu - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to todays ConAgra Foods' First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen only mode; however our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to introduce your host from ConAgra Foods for todays program, Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; John Gehring, Chief Financial Officer and Chris Klinefelter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Chris Klinefelter
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measure for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Sean Connolly.
Sean Connolly : Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everybody. I am glad to be with you on our second call together. As you know, we've been digging deep since I joined ConAgra Foods earlier in the year and we are aggressively pursuing the right course of action to maximize value creation for our shareholders over time. While we still have plenty of work in front of us, we are clearly on the move and making tangible progress. When I last spoke to you on June 30th, I made the point that our company is all about long-term value creation. You should consider that a permanent part of our mentality that will not change. So as I've said before, we will always be open to any realistic actionable path that will create significant value for our shareholders. At the same time, we have a base plan which is in and of itself a very promising path to value creation. As you heard on June 30th, it is centered on focusing our portfolio, strengthening our fundamentals and becoming much more efficient. We are in the early days of implementing this base plan and it involves bold actions on costs, talent and individual businesses. This is our primary focus right now.  So it shouldn't surprise you when we shared news about the bold actions we are taking in this regard. These actions are part of our commitment to running the company well and represent a pragmatic and responsible approach given the current industry environment and our desire to realize the full potential of our business. I mentioned this to be declarative that our focus on stronger operations which are required no matter what the future holds, does not conflict with the mentality of being open to other ways to create value. It is as straight forward as that.  Now recall our base plan as four pillars. One, divesting private label; two, expanding margins; three, improving our consumer branded business and Lamb Weston; and four, maintaining our commitment to a balanced approach to capital allocation. This morning I'll offer a few words on each of these pillars.  First, we are on track in terms of our divestiture of the private brands business. We had a lot of interest and expect to have more to share on this front later in the fall. Given the planned divesture, we will not be providing detailed results for this segment which has been reclassified as discontinued operations.  Second, we are making good progress around our margin improvement efforts through a more aggressive approach to SG&A and improved supply chain and trade productivity. On SG&A, we are well into mobilizing an intensive SG&A reduction effort that is aimed not only at offsetting stranded costs associated with the private brands divesture but moving ConAgra into the top quartile of SG&A efficiency in our space over time. As we discussed last quarter, absolutely everything is on the table here. This will take time as some of this work will require system and capability improvements that are not turnkey. Nevertheless, if we find inefficiency we will get it out as fast as possible. We will have more specifics to share on this later in the fall as well. Hand-in-hand with our focus on efficiency is an intense focus on driving profitable growth by capitalizing on the highest potential brands and categories in the Consumer Foods segment and growing the Lamb Weston business in our Commercial Foods segment. Consistent with this effort, we are delighted that Darren Serrao has jointed as our Chief Growth Officer to guide our efforts in maximizing the value of our brands. Darren and his team are hard at work on improving connectivity and boosting speed to market, ensuring that strong insights lead to relevant and timely products with the right marketing support. As we undertake all of these efforts, we remain committed to maintaining an investment grade credit rating and a balanced capital allocation strategy, including investments in organic and inorganic growth and returning capital to shareholders through our top tier dividend and share repurchases as well as continuing to pay down debt. John will discuss capital allocation for fiscal year 2016 in more detail later on this call. Now turning to the quarterly specifics. As you saw in our releases, we are off to a strong start for fiscal 2016, reporting comparable EPS of $0.45, up from $0.39 in the prior year. We have a good foundation and positive momentum in both Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. In Consumer Foods, we reported net sales of approximately $1.7 billion, flat compared to the prior year reflecting flat volume, a 2% improvement in price mix and 2% negative impact from foreign exchange. Operating profit was $248 million, up 22% on a comparable basis with margins up more than 250 basis points. Throughout fiscal 2016, we are focused on building on the foundation established during fiscal 2015. Our plan is concentrated on strengthening our brands and providing resources behind the brands and channels that generate the best return. By focusing on the strongest brands and channels, we are getting better price realization and trade efficiencies. The outcome is a better price mix and margin improvement. The strong operating profit we delivered in the first quarter is direct evidence of our progress and reflects the improved price mix and benefit of the more targeted approach to advertising and promotion investment. I want to highlight a few brands that also demonstrate the progress we are already seeing in the segment. We continue to invest and achieve strong operating results on Marie Callenders, Hunt's, Ro*Tel, Reddi-wip, Slim Jim and PAM, all our category leading brands that are well positioned with consumers and deliver strong margins. We'll continue to invest in brand building, A&P, renovation and innovation and expand into growing customer channels. As discussed in the past, there has been an intense focus on having the four Ps right where as we call it being perfect at retail, executing well on product, packaging, pricing and promotions. Along these lines, Chef Boyardee and Orville Redenbachers grew sales in the quarter. In addition, PF Chang's was restaged with improved packaging graphics and a stronger product range last year. And since the restage the brand has posted strong double digit growth. We continue to make progress in transforming the healthy choice franchise as well. Healthy Choice Caf Steamers continues to perform well in a challenging segment. And Simply Steamers, our newest Caf Steamers product contain nothing artificial while offering 100% natural protein. These new items are performing well and importantly they command a higher retail price.  Looking ahead in Q2, Banquet will be restaged with a complete product overhaul. That means increased food quantity and improved food quality along with a much needed modernization of packaging and higher retail pricing. This focus on strengthening brand equities and expanding margin is providing the fuel to invest in those brands that have the fundamentals right, are consumer relevant and have accretive margins what we call being A&P ready. As a result, marketing investments will increase for the balance of the year again in a highly disciplined way. This is a virtuous cycle. Over time stronger brands lead to better pricing power and higher margins. We have a lot more to do but the results over the last six months are a good indication of the opportunity going forward.  We anticipate profit growth from the Consumer Foods segment for the full year as we continue to drive efficiencies and prioritize the key brands and sales channels that have the best opportunity for success. I am confident that this focus will be the key that unlocks our branded Consumer Foods segments ability to further improve its margin profile over time.  Now I'm going to turn to Commercial Foods. Net sales were approximately $1.1 billion, up 3% compared to the prior year quarter. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit was $139 million, up 13% on a comparable basis. The segment's strong performance reflects higher volumes and net sales across all Commercial Foods' businesses with profits benefiting primarily from Lamb Weston sales growth, favorable mix and operational efficiencies helped by improved raw potato quality.  Lamb Weston delivered strong volume growth in North America driven by organic growth with key customers across all channels. While domestic growth outpaced international growth in the quarter, we expect international sales to return to normal levels in the back half of the fiscal year as we continue to recover from the impact of last year's West Coast port labor dispute.  We remained focused on accelerating the growth of Lamb Weston internationally. The global QSR industry is aggressively expanding in emerging markets with potatoes remaining a critical part of the menu. At the same time, Lamb Weston's North America business is the market leader in North America with a strong foundation and is positioned to continue to grow.  As I noted earlier, we will not be providing results for the private brand segment which has been reclassified as discontinued operations and thus not a segment anymore. At a high level, I'll say that while we've taken the right steps to improve execution and begin restoring this business to better profit, private brand is still feeling the impact of category softness and higher input cost that we anticipated this quarter. The underlying comparable profit performance while still lower, year-over-year in Q1 should improve sequentially throughout fiscal 2016.  At this point, I'll turn it over to John, but before I do, I want to reiterate that we are still in the early days but we are making excellent progress. There is a great deal of change underway at ConAgra Foods and our team is excited and we are energized. We are operating with urgency and we've embraced the mindset of taking whatever bold action is required to unlock shareholder value. While some of these initiatives we discussed would be completed in fiscal year 2016, others will be a multiyear effort. And we look forward to keeping you up-to-date as we continue to deliver on our plans.  With that John over to you.
John Gehring: Thank you, Sean. And good morning, everyone. In my comments this morning, I'll recap our fiscal first quarter performance including comparability matters, and then address cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. I'll also provide some brief comments regarding certain components of our fiscal 2016 outlook. Before I comment on performance, I want to address a few key points related to the divesture of our private label operations. First, during the quarter we met the necessary accounting requirements to reclassify the operations we are divesting as assets held for sale. At the time we met these requirements, we were required to further assess the carrying value of the assets on a held per sale basis. As a result, we recorded an additional impairment of approximately $1.95 billion. The impairment does not reflect any offsetting benefit from the tax loss we expect to generate from the sale of our private label operation. At this time, we have not met the necessary accounting requirement to recognize the tax benefit related to the capital loss. However, we remain confident that the company will be able to realize significant tax benefits in the future from utilizing this capital loss carry forward. In addition in accordance with GAAP, the company has no longer recording depreciation or amortization expense on the assets held for sale. Discontinued operations for the fiscal first quarter reflect about one penny of EPS benefit from the absence of depreciation and amortization. The benefit in subsequent quarters will be more significant.  Next while the business is being divested are substantially the same as those previously reported in our private brand segment. There are businesses that were previously part of our private brand segment that will be retained as part of our Consumer Foods segment. The results of operations for these businesses including any impairment charges in prior periods related to the associated assets are reflected in the Consumer Foods segment for all periods presented. There are also businesses that were previously reported in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segment which will be included in the divesture. And have therefore been classified as discontinued operation. As such the results for these businesses are now reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented along with the other private label operations being divested. Overall the net impact of these changes is fairly small relative to the size of our Consumer and Commercial Foods segments.  Now I'll recap our performance for our fiscal first quarter.  Overall, diluted EPS from continuing operations as reported was $0.38. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, diluted comparable EPS including the contribution from discontinued operations of about $0.04 was $0.45 this quarter versus our prior year quarter's comparable earnings base of $0.39. As Sean noted, both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments performed very well. In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.7 billion for the quarter, about flat for the year ago period, reflecting flat volume of 2% improvement in price mix and a 2% negative impact from foreign exchange. Segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $248 million, or up about 22% from the year ago period. And operating margin on a comparable basis expanded over 250 basis points versus the year ago quarter. Foreign exchange this quarter had a negative impact of $28 million on net sales and about $11 million on operating profit for the second. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter cost savings were approximately $40 million and inflation had a negligible impact on results this quarter. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $77 million, up about 7% from the prior year quarter, reflecting our efforts to continue to strengthen and support our brands.  In our Commercial Food segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion or up about 4% from the year ago quarter. Commercial Foods segment's operating profit was $139 million, or 13% above the year ago quarter's operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability. Discontinued operations posted a loss of $3.23 per diluted share this quarter reflecting the impairment charge related to the pending divesture. After adjusting for this charge and expenses related to restructuring, the private label operations earned $0.04 per diluted share this quarter. Expected earnings from the private label operations were included in our earlier guidance.  Moving on the corporate expenses. For the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $85 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $72 million versus $58 million in the year ago quarter. The increase versus last year's first quarter reflects higher incentives and office lease cost. Equity method investment earnings were $37 million for the quarter and $26 million in the year ago period. The year-over-year increase mostly reflects the inclusion of a full quarter's profit for the Ardent Mills joint venture. The prior year quarter only included two months of earnings from this joint venture.  Our comparability this quarter included two items. First, the expense related to the impairment of goodwill and other assets in the private label operations. This is included within the results of discontinued operations. And second, about $0.03 per diluted share of net expense from restructuring charges, $0.02 of which is in continuing operations and one penny of which is in discontinued operations.  On cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. We ended the quarter with $114 million of cash on hand and $1 million of outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Total operating cash flows for the fiscal first quarter were approximately $67 million versus $234 million in the year ago quarter. The decrease is driven principally by timing matters related to payroll, incentives and tax payments as well as higher working capital driven in large part by higher receivables related to the increase in sales. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $108 million versus $90 in the prior year quarter. Net interest expense was $80 million in the fiscal first quarter versus $83 million in the year ago quarter. And dividends this fiscal quarter was $107 million versus $105 million in the year ago quarter. On capital allocation, for fiscal 2016, we remain committed to an investment grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy appropriately balanced between further debt reduction, a top tier dividend, share repurchases and additional growth investment. The company will assess opportunities to increase the dividend after it is further along with the development of its strategic plan. We did not repay any long-term debt or repurchased any shares this quarter. We have approximately $132 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. And subsequent to yearend we did replay $250 million of long-term debt principally through commercial paper borrowing. Now I'd like to provide a few comments on the balance of fiscal 2016. As we noted in the release, we will offer more details on fiscal 2016 EPS expectations after we are further along with the profits of divesting the private label operations and have finalized our SG&A reduction target. We expect the Consumer Foods segment to post modest comparable operating profit growth for the full fiscal year despite higher marketing investment, one less week in the year and headwinds from FX, higher incentives and stranded costs. We also expect the Commercial Foods segment to post modest operating profit growth despite having one less week in the year and higher incentive costs. With regard to the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect EPS adjusted for items impacting comparability to be approximately in line with the year ago quarter. Despite strong fundamentals and expectations for continued margin expansion, comparable operating profit for the Consumer Foods segment in the fiscal second quarter is expected to be negatively impacted by foreign exchange, higher incentive and expected stranded cost related to the divesture of the private label operation. Also marketing costs are planned to be higher as we continue to increase our support of key brands to drive growth. The Commercial Foods segment is expected to post an increase in profits year-over-year in the fiscal second quarter. The second quarter guidance includes contribution from the private label operations which are now in discontinued operations. And as previously mentioned will reflect a benefit from the absence of depreciation and amortization expense.  In closing, while we are working through a great deal change, we are very pleased with our start to the year and the progress we've made in improving our business fundamentals. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Sean and I along with Tom McGough and Tom Werner will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Just two questions from me if I could. First, with respect to private brands. The new impairment charge that you talked about this morning, I guess implies that the carrying value of that business is potentially below the $3 billion level that at least had been reported in several media stories recently. And obviously, you don't control the media side of it more investor expectations. But I guess is there a reason that investors should think that the carrying value as it currently shows is not consistent with the potential sale price for any reason that we may be missing?
John Gehring : Yes, Andrew. This is John. Let me comment on that. In order to prepare financial statements we have to make accounting estimates, we have in preparation of the financials we've made -- we had to make an accounting estimate that I think is conservative. The process is very fluid right now. I would tell you that process is on track from a timing standpoint. There is a lot of interest in the business but while we have made a conservative accounting estimate, I don't think we are going to speculate any further on where we think the ultimate outcome of the transactions will be. 
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then we obviously recognize that you have indicated the sales proceeding is planned and what not. And I think you said there's a lot of interest. Does there are need to be -- I guess how do you think about the required structure of a potential sale in order for the sale to create value at a given price? In other words, does there need to be an equity component to share in the upside from someone else improving the margin structure of the asset that I think we'd all agree appears to be under earning? Or I guess how broadly have you been you thinking about potentially different structures?
Sean Connolly: Andrew, I think I said on the last quarterly call that we would look at -- we would be open to every and all structure, at the end of the day what we are most concerned about is what holistic view leads us to a decision of maximizing value for our shareholders. So we are not locked into one particular outcome or the other, we will pursue the pathway that is maximum value.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And one last thing if I could. Sean, I know that back in -- I think it was maybe fiscal 2013, ConAgra made a real concerted effort to raise sort of reinvestment in marketing levels and such. And I don't think saw much of an incremental return on that stepped up spending. And obviously you are going to do things in a different ways, you were talking about earlier but have you examined that time period at all? And maybe you could provide some perspective on why you think the spending that you will do going forward can work differently than maybe it had previously? Thanks. 
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, let me hand this off to Tom McGough because Tom has been leading this business for a bit now. And he is quite a student of the days back in 2013, I think Tom is doing excellent job segmenting this portfolio. Tom, why don't you add a little color here?
Tom McGough: Sure, Andrew. This is Tom McGough. Just let me begin by saying that we really like our portfolio and believe that there is a lot that we can do with this. And ultimately we believe investing in brands, strengthening those brands to earn higher price over time. As we look back at our investment in brands, we believe that investment is best done in three ways. One, we segment our businesses with a sharp eye to those that when we invest, do we get a return. Second, we only invest as Sean alluded to when brands are A&P ready. That's meaning having the right fundamentals, a consumer relevant proposition, marketing that has impact and accretive margins. As you can see we made very good progress on increasing our margins and we are beginning to reinvest. As you look across the portfolio, there are businesses like Marie Callenders, Reddi-wip, Hunt's that have those fundamentals right, we are increasing our investment primarily on those businesses. And over time particularly in this fiscal year, we will have a meaningful increase in our A&P spending based on those principles and concentrating the resources on those brands. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Driscoll with Citi Research. 
David Driscoll: Great, thank you, good morning. Wanted to ask a little bit about the volumes in the quarter for consumer. Flat volumes was a pretty good result, our Nielsen data was indicating though something worse like around negative 4% or negative 5%. Can you just talk about kind of the differences here and how you expect volumes in consumer to move forward? 
Tom McGough: Sure, David. This is Tom McGough again. As you look at our overall performance, the scanner result is one component of our volume. As you said, we had flat volume and net sales that was up 2% when you adjust for FX as we executed pricing. As you look at our in market performance, I would segment it into three buckets. The first is we continue to drive very strong growth particularly in brands that we've invested in, Marie Callenders, Hunt's, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip and PAM. We've also focused a lot on winning where consumers are increasingly shopping. Those are in non-measured channels like Club, Dollar, C store. And we are outperforming in those channels. The second area that we focused on is stabilizing businesses that have been challenged in the past. We are seeing very good performance as we strengthen the fundamental on those businesses. Brands like Chef Boyardee and Orville grew in the quarter. We made a big investment in brand like PF Chang's last year. It is growing solidly, and we will be launching a similar type of initiative on Banquet going forward. And when you look at where weve had volume weakness, we've made strategic decision not to chase non-investment grade volume. And what that means is that we are driving trade efficiencies to eliminate negative ROI, merchandizing programs, were proactively pruning our line of low performing, lower margin items. We believe we are making the right trade-off to enhance our margins albeit in the near term lower volume on some of these brands. We are at the very early stages of building these new capabilities, but I think when you look at our results holistically margin growth, brand investment, pricing, we are making very good progress and that demonstrates potential that we have in our portfolio.
David Driscoll: So are you trying to tell me that you expect that volume growth improves in the Nielsen data because of all these factors? And that this flat volume numbers that you report on shipments is maybe a leading indicator? Is that fair?
Tom McGough: I think what you are going to see over time is a business that continues to strengthen. Overall, we are in a very challenged environment and our performance should be roughly in line with overall category trends. But we are investing in our businesses and we would expect our volume performance to strengthen over time. 
David Driscoll: Just one data item. What's the D&A on private brands that will be eliminated for the full year? Can you just quantify that figure for us?
John Gehring : Yes. I believe that's about $175 million in that range. 
Operator: Thank you. We will move now to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Two questions if I can. You said the sale of private brands would result in a significant tax loss carry forward that make sense. I am just curious can you use these, and accounting is not my strength so if this is obvious just feel free to laugh, but can you use these potential tax losses against your ongoing business? Or must they be used against a gain on sale elsewhere? And if it is latter, how long do you have to utilize that loss before it turns into a pumpkin?
John Gehring : Yes. It is a capital loss carry forward, so we'll use it to shield gains on proceeds from future transactions. And I believe the loss carry forward period is five years. And we certainly have a lot of confidence that we have our time horizon to use it.
Ken Goldman: Yes, thank you for that. And then Sean you said in your prepared remarks that the focus on stronger operations does not conflict with the mentality of being open to other ways to create value. Can you just talk a little bit about why you included that statement? And the reason I am asking is the first question I get on ConAgra is almost always, do you think Sean is at least open to hearing about all options. And you said nothing new here. Your comment today is nothing incremental but it reiterated what you said in the past. I am just curious why you felt it was important to sort of emphasize the point if you will.
Sean Connolly: Well, number one, I think it is appropriate to be very consistent on this matter. And number two, there are obviously different views out there in terms of what is the right path forward for ConAgra. We are absolutely well aware of those views. We understand it. We understand the different perspectives in the merits of different points of view. At the end of the day though we've got a business to run, we've got business to improve. That's our responsibility. We are going to do that. But at the same time we want to make sure everybody knows that we are squarely focused on maximizing value. And that means we are not rigid about value creation. We are holistic, we are flexible but we are also pragmatic and we deal with what's real. And what's real today is we are focused on a base plan that we think has a tremendous amount of potential for our shareholders. 
Operator: We will take a question now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hi, good morning, folks. I want to pick up I guess on the last question. The comment about future divestment to tap into the tax loss carries forward. As you think about what state those maybe, are you thinking more prodding around the edges? Or could we be potentially considering larger chunks of portfolio moving out?
Sean Connolly: Well, Jason, I'll take that. We are not going to speculate on hypothetical deals. Because there is nothing to report here. Obviously, we on an ongoing basis always look at different ways to maximize value for our shareholders and we will continue to do that. If we have something to report we'll certainly do that but I think the key message is if there is something that makes sense for our shareholders, we are absolutely going to consider it. And our shareholders should expect us to be proactively conducting that analysis on an ongoing basis. 
Jason English: Got it. Let me then refocus on the core Consumer Foods side. We've heard reference to a number of initiatives to improve the performance on go forward. One of them being straight spend efficiencies, I think that's interesting not only to suggest there could be substantial opportunity at ConAgra, but it is as we think about the path forward, that same analysis would suggest you may have to sacrifice a fair amount of volume and we're big proponents of value over volume, I think you are too -- my question is are you willing to sacrifice some volume and market share in efforts to get that tradesman in the right level to maximize the bottom line. And then what sort of obstacles do you think you may have to over come to achieve it.
Sean Connolly: Jason, Tom McGough just used a phrase non-investment grade volume a little bit ago and I have been using that phrase for a long time. There not all volume in the food industry is created equal. And certainly the industry and ConAgra particular has been over committed to things like 10 for 10's and deep discount our base volume and its past. We've got an opportunity in front of us to meaningfully expand our margins and there are going to be a variety of things that go into that. Part of that is going to be being very clear eyed around maybe pieces of the business that we just haven't gotten to improving over the years. What works are plan on that, volume that is not investment grade, do we really needed in the base, so we are going to be very practical about this because big picture, we are squarely focused on margin improvement in our consumer segment as our first priority. And clearly we are developing new capabilities around pricing, trade, mix management that we lacked in the past. Our productivity work is also mission critical as is our SG&A effort. But at the end of the day we need strong brands and better innovation. And the reason for that is so we can improve volumes over time, reduce elasticity of demand and ultimately grow our market shares. And all together that is proven combination for value creation. And that means we've got to prune some non-investment grade volume in early days than we will do that and are just part of running a business well.
Operator: Thank you. We will move next to Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. 
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. Couple of things. First I just want to -- I know we've kind of beating this horse dead but it is an important details John you talked about and I just wanted to ask because I am not that familiar with accounting as it relates to impairment either. But as you do test to impair long lived assets -- sorry asset held for sale, whether long lived or otherwise. Does feedback from the process as you the conversation that you had, anything other than just net pricing value and cash flow estimate and accountant would use it if there were no sale conversations going on included in that impairment? Is that part of what the guideline of how you do that? Do you think about what you might be able to sell it for based on conversations you had?
John Gehring : Yes. In fact Jonathan when you move into discontinued operations and assets held for sale, the requirements do change and so it has some impact on how you have to measure certain assets but clearly trying to make an estimate of proceeds as I refer to earlier is a big input into how you ultimately arrive at that value than to go ahead and measure impairment. It is a different methodology.
Jonathan Feeney: I got you. Thank you very much. And Sean just could you give us more detail -- you talked about for the fiscal second quarter increased investment and marketing and what's presumably core consumer business. You also mentioned you are getting -- you certain brands are ready for consumer -- more consumers marketing. So I guess could you -- at a time when it seems a lot of other companies are talking about generally speaking reducing advertising spending, and you are talking about changing digital mix, changing lowering their cost, what are your priorities for marketing investment both in terms of the kind of spending you are going to be do digital versus traditional as well as the brands you think that are ready to support this second quarter as you guided this spending versus things in the future. Thanks.
Sean Connolly: Sure. I think first of all it is not confused ConAgra's historical A&P spending with many of our peer companies. We've been nowhere near the level they have been were, a lot of those companies have been probably out over their skies and over investing and pull back. Historically, we've actually been the opposite case. We've under invested but I will say the Tom McGough's credit, Tom and his team were very clear eyed last year about identifying A&P spent that was probably poorly allocated, should not never have seen the light of day and they pulled it back, that established a fairly low base for us in the year ago period. And obviously that's not a position you want to be in on a perpetual basis because you lose brand health, you lose the ability to take price and ultimately you lose margins. So our plan all along has been to surgically begin to invest back to strengthen our brands, so we can build in more pricing power, build that brand equity and ultimately drive the right kind of mix and margin accretive innovation. That is our plan. And Q2 is a meaningful quarter for us in terms of kind of getting back on the horse. So we do have a series of new initiatives that are important to our franchises like Banquet and others that I mentioned before that will experience launch costs for a lack of better phrase in quarter two. These are absolutely the right investments to be making in the name of brand strength, higher price realization and stronger margins. And we will only pursue those kinds of investments when we've got a brand that we conclude is A&P ready with all the right conditions around it. So that part of our plan and it is all part of this rather multifaceted approach to margin expansion. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take a question now from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning. I've got a follow up question just on the capital loss. I think if I just -- if you just take what you are carrying on the balance sheet today as value for the private brands businesses and you add back all of the write-downs you get to a capital loss I think of about $4 billion or so which would imply a tax asset I guess that would be north of $1 billion. So is that directionally kind of the right sort of way to think about it and I guess if that asset, the tax asset ends up being that large, can it be used all it once or would it have to be used -- can you only apply certain amount of it per transaction or per event. 
John Gehring : Yes. So this is John. I think directionally your math-- your math logic is right. I am not also a tax expert but I don't -- I am not aware of any limitations on how much you can use at a time. I think it depends on a size of the transaction and the various tax bases et cetera. So no limitation I am aware of.
Bryan Spillane: I guess then it would give you a lot more flexibility, if you were to start thinking about other parts of our portfolio in terms of how you by structure transactions just because you don't have to think as much the effect of capital gain doesn't factor into the equation as much. Is that fair?
John Gehring : Correct. 
Operator: And we will move again to David Palmer.
David Palmer: Thank you. Can you hear me now? Thank you. You mentioned before that you are rationalizing promotion spend and perhaps doing so with better analytics. Are there examples in the past or mistakes that were made in terms of how ConAgra promoted in the past and you had learned for and perhaps corrected types of promotions perhaps. And then you also mentioned that you are investing in your businesses and brands. Could you give some examples of where you think the returns are going to be, what type of investments will be made that we will see play out this fiscal year? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: David, let me - -this is Sean. Let me take the first part on trade and I'll turn it over Tom on the other piece of it. If you look at just marketing spend in total, companies tend to toggle one way or another. They are either overly tilted towards trade or they are tilted on kind of below the line marketing spends. We historically have been in the former. We are a company that has been heavy -- heavily relying on trade historically, trade in our industry I think all of you know is highly inefficient, it is got better over the years its systems and analytic tools have become better but this ultimately comes down a cultural shift. If you are a company that is culturally built around moving boxes and reliant on trade as a catalyst for moving maximum volume, that seeps its way to your culture and it requires significant cultural change to change that muscle memory for a different approach. We are clearly committed to a different approach. We want to build brand strength, we want to compete on dimensions other than price, we want to get our margins up, we want our brand health up, but we are going to pursue all that in a surgical way. So there is no one aspect of trade that is worth pointing out. It is a habitual thing when you get overly reliant on trade and deep discount promotions and it is highly inefficient way to run the railroad. So we will migrate to a more progressive approach here over time as we build that capability. It is one of our top priorities. We are making meaningful progress here in terms of the approach we take, the talent we got managing it et cetera. It is a big part of our margin expansion plan, our brand health plan. Tom, you want to cover the other piece?
Tom McGough: Sure. Specifically when you look at our marketing investments, I have bucketed in a couple areas. First is we are going to now invest where we are feeling really well.  Marie Callenders is a business in our largest category frozen single serve meals that is consistently growing and we are going to increase our investment to continue to drive that business. Second on tomatoes. That is a platform that we have a strong point of difference and how we process our tomatoes. That's very consumer relevant. We've advertise that consistently. We are amplifying our efforts in that area to drive home that message. The third would be on brands like Reddi-wip that having another clear point of difference of brand that is made with real cream, 15 calories. Over last year we actually have captured the number one spot in the combined refrigerated and frozen with topping area. This is the business that continues to grow in a double digit rate. And we are going to amplify our spending on brands like that. At the same time we made progress on the getting the fundamentals right on many businesses. Healthy Choice Simply Steamers is a product with as Sean said nothing artificial, 100% natural protein, it is really resonating with consumers and we are going to invest to drive awareness on that. That's flavor or the type of investments that we are going to make. We are going to be very disciplined in investing in those brands that are A&P ready and have margins that can support that investment over time. 
Operator: We will move next to Deutsche Bank, Eric Katzman.
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning, everybody. I guess let me kind of focus a little bit on the Consumer Foods, I guess maybe long-term margin, Sean, I mean you have been in the industry for long time, you've observed ConAgra from a far --there have been a number of CEOs who come in that I at latest I have heard who kind of said the same thing, the culture needs to change, then 10- for-10's on Banquet et cetera, et cetera, lot of cost reduction efforts that for whatever reason didn't end up helping your margins on consumer. I think Consumer Foods margin have basically been mid-teens kind of forever and so I guess is it that you see parts of the portfolio and the relative market share position as enough to -- I don't know to throw out a number and get it to high-teens margins while divesting some of the stuff that makes it just too complex or maybe you just go into a little more details as to why we should believe those EBIT margins have the potential to increase?
Sean Connolly: Sure. Happy to tackle that, Eric. First of all, with respect to kind of my view and how it is different from others who have come here before. I am not going to comment on the past but what I will say and I mentioned last quarter is this which is when I was thinking about joining this company, one of the things that was really important to me was having confidence that I was going to be backed by a Board of Directors that were willing to embrace both change. And for those who on the call that know me, know that I am not afraid to get after bold change in order to get after opportunity. And clearly my Board, I wouldn't be here if the Board wasn't really looking for change and they have given me the latitude to do that. So when we say every thing on the table, it is on the table and we will pursue bold change. And with respect to our consumer portfolio, I think some of the stuff that Tom has got going all right now is indicative of what this portfolio is capable of. Now it requires because a number of brands and portfolio rigorous segmentation around where do you want to place your bets. But there are businesses that have historically not done much. Where there is built in latent opportunity that need unlock. If you look at the Hunt's tomato example that Tom points out, Hunt's tomato for a long time didn't lot of attention, didn't get lot of luck. The team acknowledged that Hunt's is the one tomato in the industry that is not peeled chemically. It is peeled naturally with steam and in today's environment where consumers are looking for real authentic food that is meaningful point of difference and it was sitting there for the taking all along and the team recognize the insight, they activated against the insight and they are driving significant margin expansion and growth. Similarly if you look at the business like Reddi-wip, for years Reddi-wip was number two fiddle to other larger competitors and with topping space that just happens to be artificial. While in today's day and age when you are looking at consumers that want authentic products, a real cream product is right in the wheelhouse and what the consumers are looking for. So the team recognize that opportunity, they activated against it, they got top line growth, they got margin expansion, we've got these kinds of opportunities in many different places across the portfolio. Sometimes it is a matter of recognizing the insight, sometimes there is some innovation that's needed, and there is some packaging by improvements that's needed to bring us in the modern era. But having worked on a lot of large cap food companies in my career, our portfolio quite frankly is not a whole lot different in terms of strength and potential than other portfolios. For some reason we've acted historically like it is. And I reject that notion. I think that there are spots in this portfolio where we can take the actions necessary to create value to drive margin structure. And of course the cost side of it, it is a big part of our playbook as well and as you can tell we are after that quite aggressively. 
Operator: Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein has our next our question. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Hi, there. Can I and -- maybe just a quick follow up on the margins and -- particularly the SG&A efficiency point that you made at the beginning of the prepared remarks. You talked about wanting to get to the top quartile and into some SG&A efficiency. Can you quantify how much that would come down by based on your benchmarking that you have done and how quickly that might be achieved? Thank you. 
Sean Connolly: Alexia, we will do a pretty thorough deep dived for our investors on all our efficiency programs at later date not just SG&A but trade, COGS all of that. But what I can say is that let's look at our starting point. If you first of all when you are dealing with SG&A, it is important to strip out A&P piece. So you are kind of looking underlying infrastructure based SG&A. We closed last year at about 10%. And while that is significantly below many of our peers in the industry which reflects the work that a company has already done to get cost out, it is not as low as Kraft Heinz as an example which is everybody's new benchmark, at least the pro forma they have signed up for. So we reject a notion that we are good enough. We know we got to do better. We know we've got to look at every single level we can to get there. And as a result, we've been intensively working on four pillars to make progress on SG&A. We'll have more to talk about here at later date in terms of what it adds up to. But it comes down to zero basing every single thing in our budget has been now been zero based. Spans and layers are outsourcing where it make sense to outsource and somebody else can accomplish some of the back office stuff that we do more efficiently and then procurement. Those are four areas that we are after every single day with a professional program management approach and we are making tremendous progress, we look forward to sharing bit more of deep dive on that at a later point. 
Operator: We will move now to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you, good morning. Sean, just a couple of quick questions strategically. So there's a lot of the call that discussed around private label, the deferred tax asset, the new strategy on building the brands, therefore, you've improved brand strength and margin improvement, et cetera. It leads to this overall profitability pick up when you couple it with cost savings, and then you can spend back on a more focused basis such that you drive growth. And a lot of that strategy, quite frankly, is very similar to what it sounds like what you did at Hillshire, and it worked very well. But from your perspective, when you think about where you are now relative to the strategy you did at Hillshire. Is it necessary, really a part of the strategy now, it's necessary to divest a number of the under performing brands just because of the increased complexity of the portfolio such that the improved margin spend back et cetera strategy is much harder to tackle? Because of the diversity of the portfolio relative to what you had at a company like Hillshire? Thanks.
Sean Connolly: I think the way I'll answer that is I think it is always important to look at your portfolio segmentation and prioritize focus. And I think our decision on the private brands business shows that we do believe there is benefit to having a more focused portfolio. Then within the remaining business, we kind of look at -- as we look at segmentation very generically, there are businesses that you will invest to grow; there are businesses that play more of a role of profit contributors and good cash flow. And you got to be clear eyed around the businesses that are the chronically key bucket. And unless you got a plan for dealing with them, maybe somebody else values and more than you do I think that something that good portfolio managers do. Those tend to be smaller businesses but you got to look at it. So part of really running a business for strong margin expansion has been real clear eyed on some of those businesses that are either never getting attention or they're chronic headaches and you either have an answer for him or you got to do something else with them. That will just be part of our playbook as we run the business going forward. 
Operator: We will take a question now from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Rob Moskow: Thanks, Sean and Tom. And I was wondering if you could give us a little insight into how you're structured within Consumer Foods right now? Tom, who reports into you from an operating perspective? There was a time, a glimpse in time, where there was a grocery division, frozen, snacks and store brands, and then enablers. And then it was rolled back up. And I don't think I have a good sense of how you're structured within Consumer. And maybe that could help us understand a little bit about, within these divisions, we can start to figure out what are the priority brands within the divisions, and how they are going to be allocated resources.
Tom McGough: Sure, Robert. We have consolidated our leadership into two business groups. The frozen group and the grocery group which is essentially our grocery shelf stable and snacks refrigerator portfolio. And that is structured; we run the portfolio as Sean has said with an eye to segmentation. So one level below that is segmentation about businesses that we are going to invest to grow and those businesses that are going to drive margin and profit. 
Operator: And we will move now to Stifel and Chris Growe.
Chris Growe: Hello, good morning. I just had a quick question for you. I wanted to make sure I have the right basis for the private brands business that will be sold. I think you talked about a mid $300 million EBITDA level. Is that still a good estimate for EBITDA for the business you're selling? And maybe along those lines, what the sales would be? And can you speak to the recent trends volumes anything on that business?
Sean Connolly: I think Chris possibly specifically that the number you are referencing for the mid $300 million, the number we offer in the fourth quarter for fiscal 2015. John, did you have some other color you want to add. 
John Gehring : No. I think that's the range we talked about and I think the trends I think Sean has talked about those trends our first quarter performance was as planned below where we were year ago but consistent with what we had planned and where we are in recovery process. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from Pria Gupta with Barclays. 
Diana Chu: Thank you for taking the question. This is Diana Chu on for Pria. I was wondering, I guess the rating agencies are all looking for at least $3 billion of debt pay down with proceeds from private brands. If this asset were to fall short, how quickly could you move on additional asset sales? Thanks you. 
Sean Connolly: Pria, I am sorry, somebody is filling in for Pria, and we are not going to comment on hypothetical in terms of other follow on deals. We don't have anything to report in that regard. Obviously, we continue to look at other ways to create value but there is really nothing to report at all in that regard beyond private brands. 
John Gehring : The only thing I'll add is we said along that we are focused on investment grade balance sheet and credit rating and debt repayment is going to continue to be a priority in our capital allocation. 
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Well, just as a reminder this conference is being recorded. It will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods. 
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-06-30 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host from ConAgra Foods for today's program: Sean Connolly, Chief Executive Officer; John Gehring, Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Klinefelter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Klinefelter, please go ahead. 
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter call. During today's remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. 
 Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A or on our website. 
 Now I'll turn it over to John. 
John Gehring: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In my comments this morning, I will recap our fiscal fourth quarter performance, including comparability matters and address cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. I will also provide some brief comments regarding fiscal 2016. 
 Let's start with our performance. Overall, the fiscal fourth quarter and full year results were in line with our revised expectations. For the full fiscal year, we reported a fully diluted loss per share from continuing operations of $1.46 versus earnings of $0.37 last year. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $2.18 versus our prior year comparable earnings base of $2.17. 
 Turning to our fourth quarter results, we reported net sales of $4.1 billion, about 4% above the year-ago quarter, reflecting the benefit from the extra week. The extra week overall contributed approximately 7% to the fiscal fourth quarter net sales and volume for each operating segment. We reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.47 versus a loss of $0.95 in the year-ago period. The sharp increase in reported EPS from the year-ago period was driven by significant noncash impairment charges recorded in the year-ago quarter. 
 Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $0.59, about 7% above comparable year-ago amounts. The EPS growth was largely driven by the approximate $0.04 per share contribution from the extra week, which benefited each of the segments. 
 Now I'll share a few comments on our segment performance, starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $1.9 billion for the quarter, up about 4% from the year-ago period, reflecting a 5% volume increase, a 1% improvement in price/mix, a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange and some rounding. The extra week favorably impacted sales and volume by approximately 7% for the quarter. 
 Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $319 million or up about 20% from the year-ago period, reflecting overall good execution on key initiatives to strengthen the business and position it for fiscal 2016. The increase in operating profit reflects the higher sales and gross margin expansion, partially offset by higher marketing and SG&A costs. Gross margin expanded over 200 basis points versus the year-ago quarter, and the increase was driven by pricing, mix improvement and cost savings. 
 Foreign exchange had a negative impact of $24 million on net sales and about $14 million on operating profit for the segment this fiscal quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter, cost savings were approximately $75 million and largely offset inflation of about 3%. Inflation was driven by cost increases on certain inputs, particularly proteins. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $59 million, up about 13% from the prior year quarter. 
 In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.2 billion or up about 7% from the prior year quarter. Results were driven by an 8% volume increase, primarily reflecting the benefit of the 53rd week and good execution across all of the businesses in the segment. 
 The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit was $154 million or 3% above the comparable operating profit in the year-ago period. The operating profit increase principally reflects the benefits from higher net sales, partially offset by lower gross margins at Lamb Weston due to higher manufacturing and distribution costs related to the West Coast port issue. 
 Our Private Brands segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1 billion, down about 1% from the prior year quarter, reflecting a 4% volume decline and slightly favorable price/mix. The extra week favorably impacted sales and volume by approximately 7% for the quarter. 
 Operating profit excluding items impacting comparability was approximately $31 million, down 30% from the prior year quarter. This decline reflects the soft volume performance and margin compression driven by product mix, commodity inflation and lower overhead absorption. Sean will have more to say about our plans to divest this business in his comments. 
 Moving on to corporate expenses. For the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $62 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $65 million versus $59 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase versus last year's fourth quarter reflects higher incentive costs and the impact of the extra week.
 Equity method investment earnings were higher this quarter due to the addition of earnings from the Ardent Mills joint venture.
 On comparability matters, this quarter's reported EPS include approximately $0.12 per diluted share of net expense. As detailed in the release, these items include the following approximate amounts: $0.09 per diluted share of net expense related to the impairment of goodwill and other assets, principally in the Private Brands segment; $0.05 per diluted share of net expense resulting from restructuring and integration costs; $0.03 per diluted share of net benefit related to the mark-to-market impact of derivatives used to hedge input costs temporarily classified in unallocated corporate expense and $0.01 per diluted share of net expense related to mark-to-market adjustment of pension amounts.
 To be clear, we do not treat the contribution from the 53rd week of approximately $0.04 per share as a comparability item as it has been in our guidance all year.
 On cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, we ended the quarter with $183 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Operating cash flows for fiscal 2015 were approximately $1.47 billion, down modestly from our previous estimate due primarily to higher working capital balances. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $154 million versus $117 million in the prior year quarter. And for the full fiscal year, CapEx was approximately $472 million, somewhat lower than our previous estimate. 
 Net interest expense was $89 million in the fiscal fourth quarter versus $93 million in the year-ago quarter, and dividends for this fiscal quarter were $107 million versus $105 million in the year-ago quarter.
 On capital allocation, we are pleased that we were able to repay approximately $1.1 billion of debt this fiscal year and $2.1 billion since the Ralcorp acquisition, modestly exceeding our $2 billion goal. This quarter, we repurchased about $12 million of shares, and as we enter fiscal 2016, we remain committed to an investment-grade credit rating and a capital allocation strategy appropriately balanced between a top-tier dividend, share repurchases and additional growth investments.
 Now I'd like to provide a few comments on fiscal 2016. Given the uncertainty around the planned divestiture of the Private Brands business, particularly related to timing, structure, price, use of proceeds and stranded cost impacts as well as the need to finalize our investment plans for the rest of the business and evaluate the impact of our SG&A and other cost savings initiatives, we are not in a position today to provide comparable EPS guidance for fiscal 2016. At such time as we have more details regarding the planned divestiture, investment plans and cost savings programs, we will provide more details on our outlook. 
 We currently expect that fiscal 2016 fiscal first quarter will not be significantly impacted by the aforementioned factors and the company expects EPS adjusted for items impacting comparability over the fiscal first quarter of 2016 to be roughly in line with comparable year-ago amounts.
 That concludes my remarks. I will now turn it over to Sean for an update on his analysis of the company, the work he's been leading and the exciting path forward for ConAgra Foods. Sean? 
Sean Connolly: Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody. I am delighted to be here with you on my first call since joining ConAgra Foods. As you know, I've been in deep study on our business, our capabilities and our culture since I walked in the door on March 3. My detailed review of the company has largely confirmed the perspective that I had coming in, the crux of which was, if the company is prepared to move quickly and to take bold actions on a number of fronts, there is meaningful value to be created. 
 Importantly, before I started, the board made it clear to me they fully understood the missteps that had occurred at ConAgra, and they assured me that I would have the latitude to make the moves that I felt were necessary to best drive value creation. They made it clear that they wanted me to bring change. They've given me their full support to pursue any path following appropriate due diligence that will create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. 
 I have approached this process objectively, and while the team and I have not completed our work, I am in a position today to share our overarching philosophy about value creation and some very substantive elements of our emerging base plan. I think you will see we are quite clear-eyed about the need for change.
 It all starts with our strongly held and overarching philosophy about value creation. That philosophy is simple, but it is also unwavering. We will always remain open to any actionable pathway that maximizes value for our shareholders. At the same time, we also know that improving the fundamentals of a business is management's job, so we must be aggressively mobilized against a base plan we have full confidence in. These notions are not at odds with one another, but rather, they reflect a pragmatic and flexible dedication to value creation. 
 So you should expect us to continuously explore and evaluate alternative pathways thoroughly, analyzing how much value can they really create, how certain is the execution and how long will they take to come to fruition. If an alternative path emerges that is clearly superior to our base plan, we will alter course. 
 Certainly, we acknowledge there is healthy debate in the market around the question of whether an alternative path should be pursued sooner or later or ever. The answer to that question obviously depends on how actionable and how valuable that alternative path turns out to be. That is precisely why this work needs to be ongoing and why it always requires careful analysis to ensure our shareholders get the best possible return on their investment. 
 At the same time, as stewards of the business, our threshold point is a base plan that can materially improve our performance. This base plan is what we are sharing with you today: change is needed, and we have a responsibility to perform better in the marketplace. We know that the inconsistency of our past performance is totally unacceptable, and we need to raise our game such that when we make a long-term commitment, we deliver it. 
 We are highly confident that we can implement the changes, operationally and culturally, that will enable just that. This will, of course, take time. It will also require a different approach, but that approach has delivered before. So with that as a foundational backdrop, let's move on to my observations on the business and the highlights of what our plan entails.
 While we've seen some bright spots over the past year like the strong profit and margin improvement within consumer brands and the continued strong performance of Lamb Weston, those bright spots have been overshadowed by inconsistency, volatility and disappointments in our operating performance, particularly from Private Brands. The management team knows where we've been. It's time to act to create a different future. 
 Frankly, aspects of the situation are not all that different from when I joined Sara Lee and led the transformation into Hillshire Brands. There, we turned an aging and underperforming food company into a more energized, agile performer capable of creating significant value as a stand-alone company. 
 Many of you know the story. At Hillshire, we reinvigorated iconic brands that had become stale and returned them to growth. We redefined what lean looks like, took out a lot of inefficiency and cost and instilled a culture of ownership behavior. We created flexibility by taking steps to ensure we had a strong balance sheet, then we modernized the portfolio through innovation and M&A. We acquired on-trend brands that complemented our capabilities, and we divested nonstrategic assets. And while we drove a double-digit EPS CAGR through our daily focus on improving the fundamentals, we never lost our openness to alternative pathways to maximizing value.
 I remind you of this story because here at ConAgra Foods, we have a similar philosophy and an equally clear vision of what our base plan looks like. In short, that plan has 4 pillars: one, divest our Private Brands business for greater focus; two, aggressively pursue SG&A reductions and productivity improvements to drive margin expansion; three, grow our Consumer Foods and Lamb Weston businesses through portfolio and capability improvements; and four, maintain a balanced capital allocation philosophy.
 The substance of our plan comes not only from the thorough analysis we've done and the feedback we've solicited from investors, but importantly, from the hands-on experience of having done it before. As you can imagine, I have been eager to discuss the details of the decisive action plans we are on the path to implementing, and I will touch on each of these base plan imperatives during my remarks today.
 As John pointed out, we're not yet in a position to provide forward-looking guidance on the financial outcomes of these plans. We will share that detail with you at an Investor Day later this year, after we have completed our work. The most important aspect of that will be having a more concrete view of the economics of a private brand divestiture. 
 Before I jump in the specifics of our action plans for reinvigorating ConAgra Foods, I want to share a few thoughts on my assessment of the situation. I'll start by saying that I've been pleasantly surprised by the organic prospects of ConAgra Foods and believe we have reason to be optimistic. In fact, some good work was already underway when I arrived. For example, we've begun the SG&A reduction process, and we've started on portfolio segmentation in the branded consumer business. In addition, we've had terrific things going on in Lamb Weston. 
 But overall, the status quo is simply not acceptable, and I am resolute in my belief that unlocking our potential requires major change. Change will encompass everything from portfolio mix and segmentation to more aggressive SG&A reduction, to acquiring new talent and capabilities, to compensation metrics and culture. And I am confident it can be done. 
 This view comes after objectively evaluating our current portfolio to determine where we are best positioned to win going forward and where we are not. It reflects a careful assessment of our organization and systems and feedback from customers and investors. You can accurately conclude that the plans we will begin to share today have been arrived at after months of careful study and deliberation.
 Before I go any further, let me assure you I am clear-eyed around the challenges in our industry and within some of our categories. These are not new. But when I look at ConAgra Foods, I do see opportunities. Getting at these opportunities requires a clear plan and an aligned team. The board and management team are 100% aligned to drive this change agenda.
 I want to be very clear that the base plan is not an overnight fix. There are some things we will fully complete in fiscal '16, but others will be a multiyear effort, and we'll say more about that in due time. That said, let me preview some of the most critical elements of our plan for remaking ConAgra Foods into a focused, higher-margin, more contemporary and higher-performing company.
 As I mentioned earlier, the first step in our plan will be the divestiture of our Private Brands business. While we're taking the right steps to improve our execution and begin restoring this business to previous levels, we believe the better investment of our resources is on other priorities where our capabilities are more mature. This business has real potential and the Private Brands segment of the retail class of trade continues to grow, but we have come to the conclusion that this asset will be more valuable outside of ConAgra Foods.
 We did not come to this conclusion lightly. We have carefully evaluated our options for this business. This work culminated in a meeting on June 10 at which the board authorized us to develop and pursue a plan to divest this business. We believe there will be significant interest from potential buyers to support a transaction that is acceptable in terms of value and structure. We will continue our work to improve execution but believe the best outcome for value creation will be a successful divestiture.
 Our goal here is straightforward. We are driving toward a more focused corporate strategy, the realization of proceeds associated with a fair value sale for the benefit of shareholders and potentially, tax assets, the likes of which could enable additional tax-efficient portfolio shaping down the road. We believe that the divestiture of Private Brands will meaningfully accelerate our progress against our pursuit of change and value creation. While we won't be giving regular updates on the divestiture process, we will report out when we have something material to say.
 The second step in our plan is a margin expansion commitment stemming from a more aggressive approach to SG&A and continued progress in supply chain and trade productivity. On SG&A, we are well into mobilizing an intensive SG&A reduction effort that is aimed not only at offsetting stranded costs associated with the Private Brands divestiture but moving ConAgra into the top quartile of SG&A efficiency in our space over time. In fact, shortly after I arrived at the company, I enlisted some outstanding outside help to contribute to our aggressive push on SG&A. That push will be on 4 key levers across all our SG&A functions. Those 4 levers are: first, zero-basing, meaning aggressively challenging whether what we do today adds value to our business and customers; second, spans and layers, uncovering opportunities to flatten our organization to bring us closer to customers, speed up decision-making and eliminate hierarchy; third, outsourcing, meaning shifting some back-office work to third-party providers who can perform this work at a lower cost and in a more scalable manner and fourth, building a performance culture where we create stronger accountability and a meritocracy mindset. 
 Our approach to this work will be relentless. Absolutely everything is on the table. And when I say we can achieve these things over time, that is because some of this work will require system and capability improvements that are not turnkey. Nevertheless, if we find inefficiency, we will get it out as fast as possible. 
 We will keep you updated on this effort, but I can assure you we have been hard at work on this since the day I arrived because although ConAgra Foods was farther along on cost than I expected and SG&A is already below many large-cap peers, there is more we must do. We just closed fiscal '15 with SG&A in the range of 10% of net sales. That is better than some, but it is simply not good enough. Expect SG&A efficiency to be a never-ending quest at ConAgra. It will be cultural, where we just don't tolerate waste. Again, this work will take time to be fully realized, but we will get the job done.
 On supply chain productivity, we have an excellent history of delivering meaningful gross productivity improvements year after year. As you know, productivity improvements get harder to realize over time. That's why we looked to best practices from the outside -- from outside the company to drive maximum impact. For example, we have access to world-class intellectual property designed to assist us in improving the operating efficiency of our manufacturing facilities. We've recently expanded our access to that IP and see real potential for additional margin expansion through these capabilities. 
 On trade, you know this is an area where all CPGs spend a lot of money, and you know it tends to be fairly inefficient. We have a lot of work to do here, but the opportunity is real, and we are on our way to eliminate waste and implementing the types of process improvements that will drive better returns.
 Now the third step of our plan is to grow our Consumer Foods and Lamb Weston businesses through portfolio and capability improvements. On our branded consumer business, I like our prospects, and I'll elaborate with more detail in a minute. But big picture, we have several #1 or #2 brands, and they are diversified across a number of large categories, many of which have distinct growth opportunities. 
 We believe this is a better profile than when a company has too much of its sales and profit base concentrated in 1 or 2 categories that suffer from secular decline. The key, of course, is being highly effective at brand-building and innovation and then surgically applying those skills to the brands with the most top and bottom line potential. Given that, you should expect us to undertake an intensive segmentation approach to managing our brands in defining their role and performance expectations in the portfolio. This reflects the financial discipline and market-based realism we bring to managing a branded portfolio well. We will be declarative about the areas where we will invest more and the areas where we intend to manage for cash. As I noted earlier, this sharpened prioritization is already underway.
 In addition, when we invest, we have to get more leverage from our capabilities in consumer insights, brand-building and innovation. Expect heightened focus in these critical areas. And as I just mentioned, we will become more efficient in areas like trade on the back of improved analytics and better work processes. 
 We also intend to actively work toward filling in portfolio gaps in critical areas like organic natural and premium gourmet. In fact, we believe ConAgra Foods would benefit from further acquisitions in the consumer branded space given our scale and emerging capabilities. But this point speaks to the need for us to maintain a strong balance sheet with ample firepower as we seek to balance returning capital to shareholders with investing back into the business and on strategic acquisitions. Paying down debt will continue to be a priority. 
 Those of you who know me well understand I know this playbook well. I believe in it, and I'm confident we can execute against it over time. And frankly, we have a lot to work with. We are the #1 player in single-serve frozen meals and continue to gain share in this attractive segment of frozen foods. We have good momentum in iconic category-leading brands like Reddi-wip, PAM and Slim Jim. We have several strong scale brands like Marie Callender's and Hunt's that are ready for and responsive to advertising and promotion. And we have reliable contributors that generate strong cash flow and margins, consider Peter Pan, Manwich and Hebrew National. 
 More broadly, we will attack our portfolio in new ways for ConAgra Foods. For example, there may be brands that, over time, could find better homes elsewhere. We will actively consider monetizing those assets to fuel other investments when appropriate. We have dynamic smaller brands like Alexia and Ro*Tel that need nurturing to scale their rapid growth profile. 
 And finally, when it comes to innovation, our focus needs to be squarely on 3 on-trend areas: premium natural, ultra-convenience and alternate channels.
 While early days, our game plan around on-trend areas is already underway. We just added Blake's All-Natural to our portfolio. Although small, it rounds out our leading presence in pot pies with a brand equity that resonates with the natural and organic consumer.
 On our core business in fiscal year '16, we plan to increase our support on select brands that have clearly demonstrated the ability to profitably grow like Reddi-wip, Slim Jim, Marie Callender's and Hunt's. 
 And finally, we are supporting major innovations to contemporize 2 of our larger brands, Banquet and Healthy Choice. On Banquet, we are taking action to meaningfully contemporize the brand. We've redesigned the product to improve quality, and we've added a higher-protein premium tier. We've improved packaging, and we're investing in A&P. On Healthy Choice, we previously built a winner with Caf Steamers, and now we're taking it to the next level with a clean label, nothing artificial, 100% natural high-protein line called Simply.
 In total, I am confident that these kinds of efforts will be the keys that unlock our branded Consumer Foods segment's ability to further improve its margin profile over time. As you heard from John, the segment made good progress here already in Q4.
 Shifting to Lamb Weston, which is the largest part of our Commercial Foods segment, the story is quite simple. This is a great business with built-in international growth potential. In fact, we already have a substantial base internationally, and we're investing for more growth as we seek to capture a share of emerging markets comparable to our North America share, where we're already the leader in frozen potato products.
 The QSR industry is exploding internationally, with potatoes a critical part of the menu. Increasingly, these customers are carrying multiple cuts of fries in the same store. Further, with the breakfast daypart so strong here domestically, we continue to project solid results here on the home front. Lamb Weston also plays an important role in our retail business domestically, contributing to our scale in frozen retail overall. We have a great branded frozen potato business with well-known licensed brand names like Arby's and Red Robin, along with Alexia, the terrific natural brand I mentioned earlier. Alexia has been growing steadily and offers significant potential in branded frozen potatoes, frozen vegetables and beyond.
 As far as Lamb Weston's priorities this year, our plan is focused on sustainable growth levers. Here in North America, we will be restoring our foodservice operator marketing campaign after several years of 0 investment. While this is not a lot of money, it is a key part of staying relevant and top-of-mind with operators. On the international front, we will be investing in feet on the street in key international markets where we have a powerful opportunity to gain share with key customers.
 Overall, these kinds of investments are consistent with our commitment to surgically back those elements of our portfolio that offer outsized top and bottom line opportunities. And that brings me to the fourth aspect of our plan for remaking ConAgra Foods. Underpinning all of this will be our long-term commitment to having an investment-grade balance sheet and a balanced capital allocation strategy. On this latter point, we are fully committed to a top-tier dividend and, at the appropriate time, more significant share repurchases.
 Now before I open it up to questions, let me step back and summarize what I just told you. Our overarching philosophy on value creation is to always remain open to any pathway that maximizes value. We assess these regularly and are prepared to act as opportunities emerge. We also know that we need a base plan that we have absolute conviction can make ConAgra Foods a far better company than it's been. That plan seeks to simplify our portfolio, strengthen our focus through a divesture of Private Brands, and on the cost front, we will be relentless in enhancing productivity across SG&A, supply chain and trade spending. We will also place an intense focus on driving profitable growth in Consumer Foods and Lamb Weston. This will require further portfolio segmentation and investing behind the highest-potential categories in a disciplined manner.
 To support our plan, we expect to make investments in marketing, innovation and acquisitions. We also expect additional divestitures may occur down the road as we continue to refine our asset mix. And finally, we are committed to the balanced capital allocation strategy I just mentioned. Expect to hear from us later this year at an Investor Day, where we will provide financial and operating details about what I discussed today. 
 With that, John and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital. 
Andrew Lazar: Sean, 2 questions from me. First, just one on Private Brands. I guess up until maybe a quarter or 2 ago, the board seemed pretty resolute that the issues in Private Brands really were not structural, meaning not an issue of putting Private Brands and branded together and much more just executional in nature. So I'm trying to get a sense of, with you coming in with a fresh perspective on it, what led you to determine that that's no longer the case and that it really is something more structural with respect to this business. And then I've got a follow-up. 
Sean Connolly: Yes. I don't know that I said I believe it's structural at all, Andrew. I think there is certainly upside from recent levels, and this business can be much stronger over time. The issue we face is a different one. We think it will take a lot more time and effort to get this business where it needs to be. And our view is that it should be done by somebody else instead of us so that we can focus on opportunities that pay off earlier by comparison. 
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then when you think about some of the work that you're going to want to do and undertake in the core sort of Consumer Foods business going forward and the type of investments that you may want to sort of put into that, is it fair to say that, obviously, you'll be more aggressive on cost to try and cover some of this, but that you'll probably need more, whether it's on the marketing front, on the high-quality marketing side and just as we think even broadly forward, we should think about additional investment maybe first off to kind of see what you want to do? I'm talking more like the typical sort of re-base that comes with a new CEO with a new plan. Just trying to get a sense of how you feel about that. 
Sean Connolly: Well, we're not going to provide guidance today in terms of what the full year looks like, but I don't think it's going to be new news to anybody that the company has historically under-invested in the brand side -- or the branded side of the portfolio. So we plan to invest more in marketing as the brands can handle it. And I think that's the key phrase, is they can handle it as they're, as we call it, A&P ready and as the margins allow. But the key is, and I think you know this from my previous philosophy on marketing spend, you have to bring an incredibly strong discipline here. You just don't go start spending money because you think it's going to work. You can only invest where you have full confidence that you can drive margin expansion and you can drive a good return on that investment. So when I think about increasing marketing spend, I think of it in terms of words like being surgical and extremely disciplined about where you can get a return. So the notion of dramatically jacking up spending levels for the sake of getting back on the horse does not make sense, and that's not the kind of play you will see us run. You will see us be more surgical and be more disciplined as we move forward to try to strengthen our branded portfolio. 
Operator: And we'll move now to David Driscoll with Citi Research. 
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask -- when the Ralcorp business was purchased, there was an expectation of something like $300 million in synergies. And when you contemplate the divestiture of this, the synergies have not actually been realized at this point, and so they kind of would be out there in the consensus forecast of ConAgra's earnings. So how do you guys think about this? When Private Brands is sold, what happens to that $300 million of expected savings? And let me just stop right there and maybe ask a follow-up after you respond. 
John Gehring: Yes, David, this is John. Let me take a shot at that. The first thing I'd say is we have, in fact, been able to drive a lot of cost out. The problem is the other issues in the business and particularly, some of the pricing and margin, other margin pressures have created a situation where we clearly have not seen that come through. Some of the -- there have been some synergies that have actually manifest themselves in other parts of the business in terms of some of the leverage we got from some of buys. There's a little bit of that, that shows up in Consumer. But I think as we look forward, this is a matter of whatever we were expecting or anybody else is expecting out of Private Brands, I think, becomes somewhat irrelevant as we focus back on the Consumer and Commercial businesses. It's really about continuing to drive cost savings and margin expansion that we've seen, particularly in the Consumer business over the last quarter, to continue that trend. So in terms of a total company model, I'm not sure the synergy number from several years ago really lives on going forward. 
David Driscoll: Yes. I'm always worried that the synergies filter into different lines, not just the private label line, hence the importance of the question. Two quick follow-ups. What was Private Brands EBITDA in 2015? And is it fair to say that your target leverage going forward, post anything, would be something like around 2x? Would that satisfy your statement of wanting to be solidly investment grade if I were just to try to put a flag in the sand for a ballpark figure? 
John Gehring: Well, first of all, on the EBITDA for Private Brands, I'd say on a normalized basis, it's probably in the mid-300s. I don't want to get to a point estimate in terms of debt-to-EBITDA. The broad range I'd use right now is we seek to be probably somewhere between 2 and 3x. Obviously, if we're at 3x, our capital allocation priority is probably a little bit shifted. And if we got to 2x, we'd probably say we have plenty of firepower to do more investment. So it's all going to be, I think, dependent upon where we are at the point in time and what opportunities are in front of us. 
Operator: And Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research has our next question. 
Jonathan Feeney: John, you mentioned you did some intense study. I mean, could you give us a couple of examples of what you think -- what convinces you to take such a long time to fix the Private Brands business and a couple of examples of why you think that maybe you somewhat externally might be able to do that a little bit more quickly? 
Sean Connolly: Well, Jonathan, it's a fair question, but I don't think my contemplation and my analysis was really just about Private Brands. I've been under the hood on every single piece of this company to try to understand where the opportunity is and how resource-intensive the work would be in order to accomplish what we see as the opportunity in those different parts. And our conclusion is that there is significant opportunity with this company to create value, but we need to be focused, and we need to have our resources squarely lined up against areas where our capabilities are more mature, where we can get the most impact on the fastest possible timetable. And ultimately, that led me and the board to make a decision that we need to focus. We need to prioritize, and we need to get squarely focused on driving the kind of aggressive change agenda that I just laid out for you in my comments a few minutes ago. So this is about making the tough calls and prioritizing around those actions that we believe can drive maximum return for our shareholders, and that includes an immediate divestiture of our Private Brands business, and that's why we're working that process. 
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Maybe I can ask a little different way. I guess why -- there are certainly different philosophies on this, but one might think that maybe a tactically better approach might have been to execute some sort of sale, divestiture before deciding on this plan. Could you maybe tell us a little bit about why the decision to sort of go public with this, a change in direction without having anything necessarily lined up at the moment? 
Sean Connolly: Well, if we haven't gone public with it, you probably would have found out about it anyway one way or another, so we thought it would just be best for our shareholders to understand the big picture of our plan. I mean, what we're laying out for you today is clearly a different direction. I don't think there's any need to keep that a secret while we're working it behind the scenes. We've got a base plan that we have tremendous confidence in. We have an overarching philosophy around how to create value for our shareholders that we always keep running side by side our base plan. And we have full confidence there's upside in this Private Brands business, but we also believe that, that should be done by somebody else instead of us so that we can focus on these other opportunities that we need to get after with some urgency. 
Operator: And we'll hear a question now from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: One question I wanted to follow up on, you were pretty open about saying, look, this is the plan, but if a better plan comes up that is more accretive to shareholder value, that you will certainly consider it. Would one of those possibilities be divesting Consumer Foods? And the reason I'm asking that specifically is if you divest Private Brands and then you divest Consumer Foods, there's not much left in Omaha, and there's political issues probably with the board and with a lot of other stakeholders in effectively leaving Omaha. So is it -- I guess my question, is it on the table that Consumer Foods could be divested as well? 
Sean Connolly: Well, Ken, there are a lot of assumptions there in your question. I think I've been pretty clear and consistent in my comments today that our Board of Directors and our management team fully understand the importance of creating shareholder value. And I'm sure you understand from my remarks earlier that our philosophy is to always be proactive and open-minded in evaluating the different paths to creating value. But we've put forth the beginnings of a plan that we are convinced can drive a lot of value on its own. However, it becomes obvious that if some other tangible and actionable path is a better way to create value, our board and our management will adapt accordingly. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. No, I appreciate that, and I realize I'm making many assumptions, but that's what I do on the sell side. Question 2 is you have a meeting or a set of meetings set up this week, I believe, with Jana. Can you talk a little bit about any relationship that you have with them so far, your expectations going in? Just any forward-looking thoughts as to what you're, I guess, anticipating from those meetings. 
Sean Connolly: Sure, no problem. We have not yet spoken with the folks at Jana, but clearly, we welcome their feedback. As we would with any of our shareholders who are focused on long-term value creation, I think that is common ground that we have with Jana and with other investors. I can't offer anything specifically related to Jana other than to say we want a constructive engagement and we'll listen to their points of view. They're big shareholders. But we've not yet met with them, so we don't really have a lot more to share or disclose at this point. 
Operator: And we'll move now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs. 
Jason English: I want to come back to Mr. Feeney's question on big studies that you've undertaken but attack it more from the cost side. Sean, as you pointed out, you looked at your SG&A. You benchmarked against peers, and it's already relatively low. The rhetoric on getting lean, getting mean isn't that far off from sort of the message that Gary's had over the years, that John, you've also carried forward. So my question is really, where is the opportunity as you shook out these studies? I heard some of the big buckets you laid out, but I was hoping you can get a little bit more specific on where you really see the opportunity to get leaner and meaner here at the SG&A line. 
Sean Connolly: Well, the details of kind of what it looked like, first of all, I would frame it in terms of margin expansion, Jason, not just SG&A because I do think there is significant opportunity to improve the margins in this company across the board as we get after these things. Certainly, SG&A is a big bucket for us. Clearly, the company has made progress and felt good about kind of that progress when I got here, but my message the day I got in is it doesn't matter how much progress we've made. It's not good enough. We've got more to do. Part of that is exploring the 4 levers and pushing hard on them that I mentioned today. Part of it's cultural. It's just getting everybody who's part of our team to understand that any inefficiency and waste is just a tax on our brand and a tax on the profits that we return to shareholders. That is a mindset that we will drive. I've already been socializing that idea for months now, and people are getting it. They understand how critical it is to get this out. They want to attack all of the orthodoxes that have been held previously and really get after margin expansion. So SG&A will be a big part of it with things that I talked about, spans and layers, all the things you can imagine. Productivity should not be dismissed as well nor trade efficiency. These are all things that, over time, as we execute them, will contribute to what I think could be a meaningful improvement in our margin structure. 
Operator: And we'll take a question now from RBC, David Palmer. 
David Palmer: Sean, you mentioned that portfolio mix and segmentation is needed and it seems to me the trade promotion rationalization but also, perhaps, higher spending on certain brands and categories. In the past, it felt like ConAgra's brands have suffered when the company planned for trade promotion rationalization. The big setbacks often were highlighted as a key competitor punished the effort by grabbing in-store activities themselves. And even on the spending side, it's been equally frustrating at times would -- will ConAgra at a time, good ROI spending. So as we think about this and the segmentation, are there examples or reasons that can help us get our head around why using a more targeted approach can work for ConAgra? 
Sean Connolly: Well, there is a lot to work with here, David. With the right portfolio refinement and the right investment, this is a good portfolio, post a modest growth and expand margins and redeploy capital. And we're going to be realistic around our industry and around our categories. The key is portfolio segmentation and having the right expectations by brand and by category so that we're matching investment with potential, establishing the right goals and delivering results. I mean, that is really the key. But I think the phrase that I used in my prepared remarks earlier was a different approach. Every company goes after brand-building. Every company goes after innovation, and every company goes after trade efficiency with mixed results, I might point out. I fully expect we're going to have better results, and that's going to come from a number of different areas, which includes different approaches. It's going to be potentially some new talent that we bring onto the team. This is a piece I understand very well, and our effectiveness has to improve meaningfully on the back of better work processes and much more rigorous analytics. But overall, anything to drive the branded portfolio has got to be done on a surgical basis with clear eyes. It's not going to be blanket, per Andrew's question earlier. That's just not going to happen. And on trade efficiency, I've been doing trade efficiency for a long time. We've got a team of people that are working it with kind of professional oversight, and we know exactly what we've got to do there. The key is you've got to have a strong set of brands. If all you have to fall back on is price, it's hard to get more efficient on trade. So you've got to have stronger brands, so you've got more to bring to the table for our customers as we change some things. 
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Matt Grainger with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Grainger: So just first on Private Brands. I was hoping to get a sense of how you plan to manage the business from a sales capability standpoint while the strategic review is underway. You've been focused for a while on trying to improve execution and also win back the business you may have lost. Are those both still going to be near-term priorities? And do you think the profitability margins can improve sequentially during the strategic review process? 
Sean Connolly: Well, these are definitely separate streams. The work we've done and the organization changes we've put in place to run this business better to execute more effectively, nothing is going to change there. We've got the right structure now calling on it. We have a clear understanding of how you run this business and what it takes. We are rebuilding relationships we've got with customers. So all of that is going to be intact as we run the sale process. However, the pace of profit recovery is clearly farther out and longer than we expected last year. So that is -- I would not expect any kind of rapid recovery from where we've been. We do expect the segment to be better in '16 versus '15, but that progress will happen sequentially as we move through the year given the changes we've put in place. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman: So I have 2 questions, one on private label and then next on frozen. I guess is there -- with regard to the private label sale, is there a kind of minimum amount that the board is willing to accept? Because obviously, the business is impaired and it struggled, but it does have kind of $4 billion, roughly, of sales. So I guess is there a limit as to how much of a loss the company is willing to take? And then second, on I think, Sean, trying to kind of think through your career, and I don't recall if it ever involved like frozen food or specifically, frozen entres, because it seems like that's been the one category since the Great Recession that's been in serious decline, and that's a very big part of the Consumer portfolio. And is there something that you see within those brands and within frozen entres that -- where maybe that -- the category has bottomed or there's something technology that you see within the business today that makes you more comfortable that there can be a turn in what's a very important part of the Consumer segment? 
Sean Connolly: Let me take those in order, Eric. On the first part of it, on Private Brands, as I mentioned earlier, we think there's going to be significant interest in these assets, and we think we will be able to divest these assets at a fair value that will be acceptable to shareholders and with the appropriate structure. And we also believe that we do need to get this behind us so that we can strengthen our focus on the base plan that you heard me lay out. So when you do a comparison of -- to make this move now or to make this move later, we are absolutely convinced that from a value creation standpoint, it is better to make this move now. With respect to the frozen question, yes, I have extensive experience in frozen. You may recall at Hillshire Brands, we had a great frozen business anchored by the great Jimmy Dean brand. And what I told my investors then is I reject the notion that frozen is a place where you can't grow and grow profitably. It's just not grounded in fact. When you look at consumer need states, absolutely, there are consumer need states where consumers want fresh and perishable items that they can enjoy with the whole family. But you probably know from your own lives that there are lots of consumer need states where you're eating alone. You don't have a lot of time. And it's in those consumer need states where frozen is the absolute perfect solution. The key is the food's got to be good. You got to have good quality food. You've got to have a proposition that consumers value. And I always use the Jimmy Dean example in my previous life. It's just when you got great food, the consumer has the need state already there, you're going to be successful. So that's why we have taken the actions we've taken on our business like on Healthy Choice, with Caf Steamers, which is a clearly superior product than what we sold under the Healthy Choice name previously. And it's working. And now we're taking it to the next step with a clean label, 100% natural line. Similarly, in Banquet, that is a value tier brand where we recognized when you just look at it in the plain light of day, we needed to do a better job on food quality. And that's what we've done. We've improved that. And these are the kind of fundamental actions that you need to take to improve performance. So it's not a question of is the world going to frozen or is the world going to fresh. There clearly is room for both. Our idea is that we need to make frozen, fresh, and we need to bring fresh perspective into frozen, and that's how you drive profitable growth. 
Operator: And we'll move now to Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research. 
Robert Dickerson: So Sean, I guess the first question I have maybe sounds a bit simplified, but I'd just like to hear your take from the onset is -- I know you're talking about reaching kind of the top-tier SG&A level, being very aggressive with cost-cutting, efficiency, et cetera. But what's your take, just by being there for a few months as you do your studies, just kind of why ConAgra kind of basically just has a lower gross margin profile relative to the industry? And I just ask because, I mean, quite frankly, as you even pointed out, I mean, SG&A as a percentage of sales really isn't that bad as we benchmark. But it's really -- could there be a much larger gross margin opportunity at ConAgra? And if so, is that something you'd be willing to invest behind? 
Sean Connolly: Well, Robert, first of all, I think I've said a couple of times today, there is absolutely a gross margin opportunity at this company. One of -- there are a couple of reasons why our gross margin is where it is today, some of it is we have segments that are clearly at much lower gross margins that drag down the whole. Private Brands, obviously, is a different gross margin than Consumer. But if your comments are largely focused on Consumer, there's absolutely an opportunity to get gross margin going there. But what's interesting about your question is in my experience, the way you build strong brands with strong gross margins is you have to invest in them. You've got to keep them fresh. You've got to keep them relevant. You've got to keep them contemporary. And that's exactly why when investors see a company like ours that's committed to margin expansion, part of that recipe, I need them to understand, is making sure that we have strong and relevant brands because then we've got the ability to take price when we see inflation, then we've got the ability to invest in margin-accretive innovation. This is all part of a flywheel here that moves things in the right direction from a value creation standpoint. And part of it is capabilities. When I think about the over-reliance on trade and under-reliance on advertising in Consumer, that tends to manifest itself in branded portfolios and lower gross margins. That is stuff that we can make progress on, and we will do just that. 
Operator: We'll take a question now from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. 
Akshay Jagdale: My question, Sean, is about -- you mentioned the portfolio being an advantage for Consumer Foods. The conclusion that I reached is somewhat the opposite because the playbook that you put forth today is -- it's not dissimilar to what Gary had put together in '07, being more efficient with trade price, spending more on brands, et cetera. But quite frankly, basically, 70% of your sales in Consumer are in grocery and frozen, which have had major challenges from an overall category perspective. So can you just talk about why you think grocery/center of the store, perhaps, is not a structurally declining category longer term? And then maybe talk about the tax implications because you did mention the sale of this private brand asset creating tax shelter that you can use down the road. I mean, is the reason why you don't take a more aggressive stance on portfolio pruning maybe on Consumer that -- is the reason for that being the tax issues or tax implications? Just help me understand the portfolio strategy on Consumer Foods. 
Sean Connolly: All right. Akshay, let me just correct a couple of things that you said there because I don't think they're consistent with what I said before. First of all, we are going to be absolutely realistic about our industry and our categories. So there's no delusion in terms of where different parts of the store can go. Secondly, we are absolutely open to divesting elements of our portfolio down the road, and that's part of a rigorous portfolio segmentation analysis. I don't have any color, additional color to add on that right now, but those are key points. With respect to the branded portfolio and the way I see it, while we're very realistic about what these categories are doing, we also see pockets of real interesting growth within many of these categories. So I will pick a category that I didn't talk about today, nut butters. We have a Peter Pan peanut butter business, but there's very interesting and new stuff that is happening in a category like nut butters right now. I find that to be interesting because it tends to be margin-accretive stuff, and it tends to be very high-growth. Even if you pick a category where we are the market leader like pot pies, where you say, "How exciting is the pot pie category," I'd argue it's a very exciting category. We've got the market-leading brand with Marie Callender's. It's posting robust growth, and it's got good margins. However, we also recognize we were not reaching all the consumers who are participating in that category because some had kind of what I'll describe as a different value system around what kind of brands they appreciate. So we went out, and we made the acquisition of Blake's All-Natural, which is also a pot pie, where we've got tremendous leverage in terms of our ability to manufacture. But it appeals to a different kind of consumer with the natural and organic kind of mindset, and that is incremental to the business we are already own today. So what's different around the way we'll approach these growth opportunities is effectively everything. We're going to pursue different work processes. We're going to have new capabilities, and we've got a completely different approach to getting after these, all grounded in a clear-eyed realism around what's possible and strong analytics around kind of what we go after very surgically and where we invest. 
Operator: We'll move now to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
 We'll move now to Chris Growe with Stifel. 
Christopher Growe: Just 2 questions, if I could, quickly. I guess a bit of a follow-on to Akshay's question and your response, Sean. What's the basis for divestures going forward? There's a place in the portfolio for growth businesses as well as cash flow brands. I'm just curious if there'll be something you're targeting, sort of categories that are off-trend, that kind of thing? And then secondarily, if I could ask about Lamb Weston. What's your expected growth profile for that brand -- for that business going forward, particularly with its international focus? 
Sean Connolly: In reverse order, Chris, I will hold on the Lamb Weston question because we'll give more perspective on it and much more detail on that business and the growth prospects when we do our Investor Day. On the question regarding potential divestiture candidates, I really think it just comes down to basic principles. We don't have anything to announce. We don't have anything imminent, I think you were asking within the branded portfolio. But ultimately, you ask yourself things like is it a strategic fit, is it running on -- is it an autopilot business that is doing no harm but contributing cash flow, or is it a chronic leaky bucket and one that you just can't justify putting resources on. If we have those kinds of businesses, clearly, it makes more sense to put them under somebody else's ownership because they'll value it more than we will. Our whole theme today and what you heard around this new direction is focused and disciplined segmentation. And that means saying yes to some things and saying no to other things as opposed to trying to make everything happen across the entire portfolio. So it'll be very logical and common sense should we pursue a divestiture down the road, but it will also be very principle-based in why we're doing it. 
Operator: And we'll go again to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Sean, you've spoken very positively about frozen and, I guess, the scale and the opportunities for innovation. Can I conclude that this is an area where, in a portfolio segmentation, you will want to [indiscernible]? And also, I guess I'd like to ask, there are bidders out there that would pay high multiples for those frozen assets. I mean, does it -- would it have to be some kind of really high, crazy amount to persuade ConAgra to part with it? 
Sean Connolly: Well, with respect to the first part of your question, Robert, it was breaking up a little, but I think you're asking around is that an area we would be interested in investing in. And I think the same principle of disciplined segmentation applies. Within our frozen portfolio, there are clearly businesses that we will get behind and support, and there are other businesses that we will manage for cash and stable -- we call them reliable contributors. So it depends. I think we will be very disciplined and very focused and judicious in terms of what we get behind there. With respect to your second -- the second part of your question, that's purely speculation, so I'm not going to comment on it or fuel the speculation other than to say I think you've heard me say multiple times today, I'm very open, my board is very open to alternative ways of creating value should one come along that is clearly superior to our base plan and actionable and tangible and all of that. So there's nothing specific I can offer beyond that other than that is our overarching philosophy, and yes, it's simple, but it is unwavering, and we believe in it. 
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Evan Morris with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Evan Morris: Just Sean, if you can remind us, just with regard to some of the cost savings and some of the levers that you talked about pulling on the SG&A side, the supply chain side, can you just remind us how many of these initiatives are similar initiatives that you employed at Hillshire? How much margin improvement did it derive? And do you see sort of, I guess, on a relative sense, more opportunity or less opportunity as you're assessing ConAgra? And then I just have a follow-up. 
Sean Connolly: I think the Hillshire team from Sara Lee, and I'm not going to get into great detail there other than to say big legacy food companies have SG&A opportunities. It's undeniable. And we got after it at Hillshire. We are getting after it here. Some of that work has happened, as somebody pointed out a few minutes ago, in the past, but by no means does that mean our work is done. SG&A reduction is a never-ending quest at ConAgra Foods. It will be cultural. It will be something that we all -- we have a disdain for inefficiency because those are resources that could otherwise go into brand-building, go into innovation or go back to shareholders. And that is what we're going to drive against, and there is additional opportunity beyond what we've already captured. 
Evan Morris: Okay. And then just 2 quick follow-ups. The book value of the Private Brands business right now, what is it? 
John Gehring: I don't have that handy offhand given the various pieces to it. Chris may follow up, if need be, but... 
Evan Morris: Okay. All right. We can follow up offline. And then just regard to the guidance for the first quarter being flat with last year, clearly, below where Street expectations were. Is this just sort of a need for higher marketing? Is it a result of lower-than-expected sales trends? What's driving sort of the flat year-over-year guidance in the first quarter? 
Sean Connolly: Well, I think I'll answer that by just taking us back to the big picture, which is we've announced we're divesting Private Brands. We've shared that the recovery on that business has been slower than we previously thought. We also shared that while we do expect that business to improve as we go through the course of the year, it will improve sequentially. So I think that kind of shapes, really, the answer to your question. 
Operator: Our final question will come from Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo. 
Todd Duvick: I guess the question I have is regarding your financial policy. ConAgra's financial policy has been consistent for many years and targeting an investment-grade credit rating, and you've definitely reiterated that this morning, which we appreciate. I guess one question is, Sean, at Hillshire, you had an agreement to acquire a peer company that was heavily debt-financed and would have resulted in Hillshire's credit rating being downgraded to below investment grade. So my question is really twofold. First, is ConAgra's commitment to an investment-grade rating derived from the board or management or both? And secondly, is it fair to assume that you see greater opportunities for operational improvement in your existing portfolio that reduce the appeal of a near-term transformational acquisition that could really jeopardize the company's IG rating? 
Sean Connolly: Well, let me take the second part first. The base plan we laid out today, we have full conviction in its ability to make ConAgra a far better company into the future than it's been in the past. So we believe in that base plan. We have conviction and, of course, will always remain open-minded, but that's our position on that. On investment grade, management and the Board of Directors are aligned. There's really nothing more to talk about on that. We are aligned, and we are committed to it. 
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for closing comments. 
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods. 
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-03-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR Gary Rodkin - CEO John Gehring - CFO Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Paul Maass - President, Private Brands and Commercial Foods Sean Connolly - CEO Elect
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Candice Griffin and I will be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode. However, our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. Im Gary Rodkin here with John Gehring our CFO, Tom McGough, President of Consumer Foods; Paul Maass, President of Private Brands and Commercial Foods; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. We also have our CEO-elect, Sean Connolly with us today as well. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. As you can see from the release, comparable EPS came in higher than our most recent projections and we've raised our full year outlook. Additionally, we're on track for our debt reduction commitment. So there is fair amount to discuss in today's remarks. But before we get into the specifics of that, I want to introduce Sean Connolly, our incoming CEO. I couldnt be more pleased with the selection of Sean. He is sharp, seasoned, enthusiastic, and he refuses to lose. His energy and focus will serve ConAgra Foods well and he is making a terrific first impression here at ConAgra Foods. I know many of you know him and I am confident you'll enjoy interacting with him in the months and years ahead. Sean?
Sean Connolly: Thanks Gary and good morning, everyone. I am looking forward to transitioning into the CEO role here in a couple of weeks. I am very excited to be at ConAgra Foods and part of this team. This is a highly motivated organization with great brands, strong product lines and incredible people and I believe there is a lot we can do to create value together. Now I imagine many of you have big picture questions about our strategy and goals. We'll get to those over time, but not today. I'll need a lot of study to get where I need to be to provide insight on this. For now, I'll just say that I am committed to long term value creation as is our Board of Directors. My plan is to spend the coming months digging in and learning everything I can about our company. After that, we'll share our thinking with all of you at an investor event when the time is right. To be clear, that will be several months down the road. Until then, our organization will remain focused on delivering our near term commitments and our key business initiatives. I look forward to working with all of you as we take ConAgra Foods to the next level. As many of you know I value a good dialogue with analyst and investors and I believe in transparency and availability, so that you can have a very solid understanding of our plans. Thanks for your time this morning. I appreciate your interest in ConAgra Foods and I look forward to working with all of you. Now Ill hand it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, John. Now lets focus on the company's third quarter results. Im going to briefly touch on some overall remarks about the quarter and then ask Tom McGough and Paul Maass to offer some commentary about our segments. Given that this is my last earnings call and the fact that Im retiring from my role officially in a couple of weeks, I think it makes sense for Tom and Paul, who are running the segments day-to-day to offer the more detailed remarks about segment performance. So youll hear from them in a minute. Our third quarter comparable EPS was $0.59, thats ahead of our most recent expectations and below our comparable EPS of $0.62 a year ago. All of our segments ended up ahead of what we were planning, when we offered our last guidance and we also got some EPS help from lower taxes and higher joint venture earnings. We've refined our view of the year and have taken our outlook up accordingly and we're confident we'll meet our debt reduction commitment. We saw comparable profit growth for both Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods during the third quarter, despite some headwinds that impacted us. To state the obvious, our Private Brand segment continues to be below expectations and our revised outlook for that segment has driven a lot of impairment charge. Obviously were very disappointed with our Private Brands' results thus far and we're taking specific actions to improve it. At the same time, most of the company the two biggest segments are performing well and delivering on commitments. Our Consumer Food segment has grown profits each quarter this fiscal year and we're gradually making progress on the topline with share gains and volume holding steady. Commercial Foods led by Lamb Weston continues to make progress on both the top and bottom-line as it gains new business domestically to make up for some headwinds including the West Coast Port slowdown, which has impacted international sales over the near term. So the good news is that most of the company is on track and Paul and Tom will give you some specific examples. In addition to this, we remain highly focused on a more efficient organization at all levels. That's important fuel for ongoing business growth but along with the progress were making across the company, we continue to have a challenged private brands performance. While our learning curve has been steep and taken longer than plan, were in the midst of implementing very granular initiatives to significantly improve execution. These initiatives should help our customer service, customer relationships and in due time our ultimate performance. Our initiatives will also help us to manage cost more effectively. Youll hear more about that from Paul in a minute. We expect better results from the Private Brands segment in fiscal '16. Now on to more specifics by segment, Ill ask Tom and Paul to offer their thoughts so, Tom?
Tom McGough: Thanks Gary and good morning everyone. This is Tom McGough, President of Consumer Foods. I'll begin by highlighting that we're delivering on our plans for this year, which focused on improving share, stabilizing volume and growing profit. We planned for a year of foundation building in Consumer Foods and Im pleased with our progress despite operating in a challenging marketplace. For the third quarter, Consumer Foods posted a 2% net sales decline with flat volume, a 1% decline in price mix and a negative 1% impact from FX. Comparable operating profit increased 5%. Importantly, we extended our shared leadership in frozen single-serve meals during the quarter, a position we first took over earlier this fiscal year. That leadership position is driven by the ongoing sales and share growth from the re-calendar single-serve meals, a brand where we've had an effective strategy and the right fundamentals, which has enabled us to invest to grow. Also within frozen we successfully restaged the P.F. Chang's brand by investing in renovating the core meal segment and introducing new appetizers and side dishes in the fall. We're seeing very good results. In the center of the store, were also seeing growth in PAM and Reddi-wip, again behind the right strategies and strong fundamentals with consistent investment. On Reddi-wip, we achieved an important milestone during the quarter. Reddi-wip is now the number one whipped topping outselling all frozen and refrigerated competitors. Finally Slim Jim continues to be a strong and consistent performer. We're taking share and growing sales. We're also making progress on the three big brands we've been working to stabilize this year. Chef Boyardee continues to improve growing volume year-over-year behind packaging improvements and effective promotion strategies. Healthy Choice is growing dollar share in the nutritional meals segment behind our continued focus on building Caf Steamers. Weve added a new line called Simply Steamers, which Ill say more about in a minute. Simply Steamers is performing well and helping us to improve our margins. Finally Orville Redenbacher's is making sequential improvement by getting the fundamentals right namely simplifying the packaging graphics and improving product assortment on shelf. This is work in process as retailers will be resetting the shelves over the next several months. It is already working in those retailers who we have fully implemented the improvements. We made progress on these three brands of the first three quarters and we expect to continue -- we expect to see continued progress until fiscal '16. While this is a challenging environment, there is growth in our industry. Id like to share a bit more about how were positioning our brands for the long term to capitalize on the consumer, customer and shopper trends that are driving growth. First as we shared in previous conversations, we're already redirecting resources to faster growing retail channels and that strategy is working. We're now outpacing the growth rate in Club, Dollar and Convenient channels. We will continue investing here, getting at least our fair share of growth in the stronger channel and these stronger performing channels on an ongoing basis. Second, we're addressing the consumer desire for more transparency and authenticity. Youve heard a lot about this lately as most of our industry has acknowledged the need do more to be more relevant with today's consumer. The good news here is weve product lines in our portfolio that epitomize simple and wholesome like Heinz Tomatoes and many others that also fit with todays consumer. For example, Healthy Choice, Simply Steamers is an example of that. With some straightforward packaging and ingredient changes such as moving to all natural protein and no artificial ingredients we hit the sweet spot of what consumer's desire. The initial end market performance of these entrees is a great sign of what we can do within this portfolio to resonate better with consumers. Finally, we know that when people to turn to packaged food, they expect convenience. The convenience part has been raised and were responding making changes easier for the consumer and shopper can mean a variety of things. Sometimes its about improving packaging to make it more convenient or might mean thinking about an entire product line differently like we did with P.F. Chang's. We looked at convenience from a time track shopper point of view and marketing the line of appetizers, meals and rice together as a complete meal, has had very good result so far. The takeaway here is that our Consumer Food business has strong strategies for growth. These strategies direct our resources toward the best opportunities to win and leverage our capabilities well. Before I finish my remarks on Consumer Foods, Ill note that the comparable 5% earning profit growth, 5% operating growth shows our productivity and efficiencies are coming in strong. Our operating profit growth includes the fact that we had to deal with the hedging issue and the impact of an unfavorable foreign exchange rate. Despite those external headwinds, we grew profit largely because we managed our supply chain very well and reap the benefits of those efficiencies. Advertising expense declined approximately $20 million in the quarter. We're planning A&P to be up in the fourth quarter. In conclusion, on Consumer Foods, our game plan for the year was to grow share, stabilize volume and grow profit. We're delivering on that. I look forward to your questions in a few minutes and for now Ill turn it over to Paul Maass for comments on the private brand and commercial segments.
Paul Maass: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. Im Paul Maass and I'll first focus on our Private Brand segment. For profits were well below a year ago amounts as we noted in our February update. Were in a highly competitive bidding environment, seen some category softness and dealing with high input costs, specifically in pasta. We've also experienced execution shortfalls. Those factors have negatively impacted recent results and near-term expectations for volumes, pricing and margins. We've reassessed the timing and slope of recovery in our private brand segment and concluded that significant improvement in our top and bottom performance will take longer than we previously expected. We're very focused on implementing significant changes to improve execution, strength in customer relationships and improve our performance. We've made positive changes already with more to come. Those changes will continue to be implemented over the next several quarters and we expect to improve results in fiscal '16. Even with those improvements coming down the road, clearly our view of future performance is well below previous projections and expectations, which has resulted in the impairment. John will say more about the impairment in his remarks. As I look at the underlying issues in the business there are a few things that count more than others. The level of competitor fragmentation and capacity in the marketplace means that every dollar won in this business is hard fought. We know that speed and agility are hallmarks of Private Brands and are key to winning. Focusing on the distinct needs of our six business units within Private Brands is a must. For example what it takes to win in pasta is simply different from crackers and the winning priorities in crackers are different from snack nuts and so on. We're strengthening our focus and specialized capabilities and we're leveraging our scale where it makes sense. Scale is clearly a strength of ours, but that's obviously not been enough to win in the market place. Having learned some lessons the hard way, we're better equipped to have the right processes and structure to win going forward. We know too well, that the decline in this business has experienced is unacceptable and we're in the midst of stabilizing it so the business can return to growth in fiscal '16. The stabilization and turnaround plan is focused on four executional areas that we highlighted a few months back. We had just defined these focus areas then and we've accomplished a lot in three months in terms of rewiring processes and better defining our priorities. First, we're further narrowing the focus of our sales teams for deeper expertise and capability, which enables decision making closer to our customer, improve speed and reduces complexity. In the Private Brands business in particular, we see the need for simplified processes, they efficiently handle the large volume of work coming from a big number of customer specific skews. Our customers value and appreciate supplier partners. We have deep product knowledge, category by category, customer by customer. This kind of focus has worked well for us prior to acquiring Ralcorp and it can work for us again. Second, we're beginning to improve our commercialization process by eliminating bottlenecks and getting new products on shelf when our customers expect them. With such a large volume of work, we've to be extremely efficient in our responsiveness to customer request for product modifications, most notably graphics changes. We've already taken, we've started this process and we're looking forward to further improvement. Third we are establishing better and more consistent customer service capabilities. While this area has been improving for some time, we're now focusing on the aspects that make the right service levels and fill rates sustainable over time. As we consolidate our manufacturing network, we're improving our execution to ensure dependable, uninterrupted supply. As you would expect, fill rates and on-time delivery are extremely sensitive to retailers in a way that is very different within our branded business. We're talking about their products under their brand names and there is no substituting another product. So we're positioning our teams to consistently meet and exceed our customer's expectation. Fourth, we're focused on margin management. We're going at this in a number of ways including improved pricing execution to better linkage of our input cost and risk management to pricing decisions and better visibility into new product and promotional effectiveness. This allows us to leverage mix as a margin enhancer as well. Tighter and stronger connectivity among our field, our general management and our supply chain teams is key and will help us improve our margins. These improvement initiatives have begun and they will continue driving improvement starting in '16. Ultimately, these are significant changes that are intended to improve execution, strengthen our customer relationships and improve our performance. To sum up those improvement areas, these are basic foundational elements in our Private Brands business. For us to be seen as a true value added partner, we have to improve speed, agility and consistency. I want to be very clear, were fundamentally changing the way we operate this business to succeed in the marketplace over time and create stronger results but we realize, this will not be a quick turnaround. Now moving on to Commercial Foods, sales were 1%, compared to a year ago and comparable operating profit increased 4%. In our biggest business and the segment Lamb Weston, sales and profits were up slightly this quarter. The big news here is that we were able to drive some top and bottom line growth, despite been negatively impacted by the West Coast port labor slowdown that had a significant impact on our third quarter volume and profit. Were pleased the port situation is resolved, but it will take a bit of time to recover from it due to the backlog of product. Business for Lamb Weston domestically is very strong. Weve added to and diversified our customer base and were processing a crop that is better than last years, which is positively impacting our earnings delivery. Our international performance for the quarter was below a year ago due to the West Coast port slowdown despite that emerging markets are an extremely valuable part of the long-term picture. Result for other Commercial Foods businesses were above a year ago and were pleased with their performances. These are well run businesses with focused agendas that are consistently delivering. Outside of our segments, we continue to see good results that are classified within equity method investment earnings. Joint ventures are a very important component of our Commercial Foods businesses and were pleased with the strong results from our joint ventures this quarter and fiscal year. With that Ill turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks John, and Paul. As you can see, there are bright spots within the company. And its important not to lose sight of the fact that our overall effectiveness and efficiency work is doing what it is supposed to. This is taking place throughout ConAgra Foods and is producing the SG&A savings and productivity we envisioned, which of course plays a big role in our companys broader goals. Importantly, the execution related initiatives underway in Private Brands will help us stabilize and grow over time. Our most recent results have been weighted down by our Private Brands performance. But when I take a step back, Im extremely pleased to see the progress our team has made over the last decade. The long-term view shows, we made good progress transforming ConAgra Foods' into a true operating company with an engaged culture. All of that also tells us that were in a position to profitably grow on a sustainable basis over the years ahead. Getting ConAgra Foods to this point has required significant energy and dedication from thousands of people inside the company. I want to thank my team, including all ConAgra Foods employees for all of the sweat equity, talent and perseverance theyve devoted to ConAgra Foods. It means a lot to me personally and to all of our stakeholders and it's why the company is set up well for the future. I also want to thank you and the rest of the investment community for the interest you had in our company during my tenure here. Ive appreciated our interactions and your feedback throughout the years and I wish you all the best. I've truly enjoyed the candid dialogue, the challenges and good exchange of ideas that Im sure will continue with Sean. And with that, Ill turn the call over to John for some additional detail.
John Gehring: Thank you Gary and good morning everyone. I have several topics to cover this morning. Ill start with some comments on our fiscal third quarter performance including the additional impairment charge in our Private Brand segment this quarter. Next Ill cover comparability matters, then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items and finally Ill provide some comments on our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. Lets start with our performance. Overall the fiscal third quarter comparable results were better than our revised expectations, reflecting a strong close to the quarter in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Food segments and lower tax rate. But also continuing challenges in our Private Brand segment. Before I cover some of the details, I would remind everyone that the results of the ConAgra meals business prior to the formation of the Ardent Mills joint venture in the first fiscal quarter are reflected as discontinued operations. And our share of earnings from our 44% interest in Ardent Mills is included in equity method investment earnings. For the fiscal third quarter, we reported net sales of $3.9 billion, about 2% below the year ago quarter. We reported a loss per share from continuing operations of $2.23 versus earnings of $0.52 per share in the year ago period. The sharp decline in reported EPS was driven by a non-cash impairment charge that I will say more about in a few minutes. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $0.59, about 5% below comparable year ago amounts, principally reflecting weaker performance in our Private Brands segment and higher corporate expenses, offset by stronger performance in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments. The fiscal third quarter comparable earnings include approximately $28 million of losses related to certain index hedges. Due to changes in correlations among commodities and these hedges, the company changes its method or recognizing the related mark-to-market amounts. As such, the company has recognized approximately $28 million of expense directly to its operating segments this quarter. Without this change in methodology, most of that expense would have been temporarily classified within unallocated corporate expense and recognized within segment results over the next few quarters. The $28 million of expense is not identified as an item impacting comparability. Now I'll share a few comments on our segment performance. Starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $1.8 billion, down about 2% from the year ago period, reflecting flat volume, a 1% decline in price mix and a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $282 million or up about 5% from the year ago period. The operating profit reflects the improving volume trends and lower marketing and SG&A costs. Gross margins were down slightly as the benefits of pricing, mix improvement and cost savings were offset by a mark-to-market on the aforementioned index hedge derivatives of approximately $21 million. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of $17 million on net sales and about $8 million on operating profit for the segment for this fiscal quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter, cost savings were approximately $70 million and largely offset inflation of about 4%. Inflation was driven by cost increases on certain inputs, particularly proteins. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $81 million, down about 20% from the prior year quarter, due in part to changes in timing between the third and fourth quarters. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1 billion or up about 1% from the prior year quarter. Results were driven by a 2% volume increase, primarily reflecting the increased domestic sales in our potato business. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit was $145 million or 4% above the comparable operating profit in the year ago period. The operating profit increase principally reflects the benefits from increased domestic volumes and the improved quality crop in Lamb Weston, offset by lower international volumes including the impacts from the West Coast port labor dispute. Our Private Brands segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1 billion, down about 5% from the prior year quarter driven by a 7% volume decline, resulting from execution shortfalls and pressures from both branded and private branded competitors. Operating profit excluding items impacting comparability was approximately $37 million, down 44% from the prior year quarter. This decline reflects the weak volume performance and margin compression driven by supply chain execution challenges and lower overhead absorption. The performance and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year also reflect additional margin pressures from rapid increases in several key commodity inputs particularly tree nuts and durum wheat. Given the segment's recent poor performance and continued execution challenges, particularly the issues that we experienced over the last fiscal quarter, we have reassessed the nature and extent of the executional challenges across all elements of this segment as well as our estimates of how long it will take for our recovery plan to positively impact the financial performance of the businesses in this segment. Due to the significant shortfall in the profit and cash flow performance in our private brand segment and our significantly lower expectations relative to the timing of improvement and cash flows in this segment over the next several years, we have updated our goodwill impairment analysis. As a result, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately $1.3 billion or $1.2 billion after-tax. These charges are principally related to the impairment of goodwill, but also includes some small impairment charges related to certain brand or trademark assets in the Private Brands segment. The additional impairment is driven by the significant change in our performance outlook and reflects the fact that the underlying discounted cash flow valuation models are very sensitive to changes in near term cash flow and growth assumptions. Notwithstanding the setbacks in our Private Brand segment this year, we continue to believe that we will see improvement in the margin structure of this business going forward as we improve our execution, especially related to customer service, pricing and margin management and as we complete supply chain initiatives that are driving some higher costs in the near-term. Moving on to corporate expenses, for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $50 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $51 million versus $29 million in the year ago quarter. The increase versus last year's third quarter reflects a shift in timing between quarters for some expenses and higher benefit and incentive accruals this year. Equity method investment earnings were higher this quarter due to the addition of earnings from the Ardent Mills joint venture. Next, I'll move on to items impacting comparability. Overall we have approximately $2.82 per diluted share of net expense and the quarter's reported EPS related to several items. As previously discussed, we recorded $1.3 billion or $2.81 per share of non-cash charges related to goodwill and other intangible impairments in our Private Brand segment. On hedging for the fiscal third quarter, the net hedging gain included in corporate expenses was approximately $6 million or $0.01 per share. Next, we recorded approximately $22 million or $0.03 per share of net expense related to integration and restructuring costs. Also in the fiscal third quarter, we recognized a tax benefit of $3 million or approximately $0.01 per share related to favorable adjustments of prior year federal income tax credits. As a housekeeping detail, I will point out that our comparable EPS of $0.59 excludes the $0.01 benefit to GAAP EPS resulting from their requirement to use weighted average basic outstanding shares to calculate EPS when there is a loss. Now I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $137 million of cash on hand and $436 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We're targeting operating cash flows of approximately $1.55 billion for fiscal 2015, down modestly from our previous estimate, due in part to higher projected yearend inventory levels related to certain crop based inputs and higher cost for certain raw material inventories. We still expect to have ample cash to achieve our fiscal 2015 debt repayment target. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $116 million versus $133 million in the prior year quarter. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to be in the range of $500, somewhat lower than our previous estimate. Net interest expense was $80 million in the fiscal third quarter versus $95 million in the year ago quarter. Dividends for this fiscal quarter were $107 million versus $105 million in the year ago quarter. On capital allocation as we have previously noted, our capital allocation priority through fiscal year 2015 will be the repayment of debt. By the end of fiscal 2015, we expect to have repaid around $2 billion of debt since the Ralcorp acquisition, including $1 billion this fiscal year. We have repaid slightly over $600 million to date this year including $500 million from proceeds related to the Ardent Mills transaction. We remain committed to a strong dividend and intend to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we de-lever. While we continue to limit our share repurchases, this quarter we did repurchase about 38 million shares -- $38 million of shares. And, while we expect limited acquisition activity in the near-term, we will continue to evaluate investments to strengthen our performance. As we enter fiscal 2016 with a stronger balance sheet, we expect to have more flexibility in our capital allocation to consider dividend increases, share repurchases and additional growth investments in addition to debt repayment. This quarter, we did announce plans to add production capacity to support growth in our Lamb Weston/Meijer joint venture in Europe. This expansion will not require a capital contribution from the partners as it will be financed by the joint venture. Now Id like to provide a brief update on our fiscal 2015 outlook. For fiscal 2015, we now expect diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability to be in the range of $2.15 to $2.19 per share. This is slightly higher than our recent estimate as we have passed along some of our third quarter over delivery that was made possible by a lower tax rate. Our current full year guidance reflects our view of several key performance factors, including the following, continued good execution in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Food segment. In our Private Brand segment, we expect volumes and profits to be down year-over-year reflecting the challenges we have discussed and our reassessment of the timing and pace of improvements in volume and operating margins in this business. We also continue to expect higher equity method investment earnings due to the contribution from Ardent Mills. As a reminder, while were off to a good start and remain confident that over time Ardent Mills will be accretive to our earnings, there is about $0.08 of EPS dilution included in our fiscal 2015 outlook. Equity method investment earnings in total are expected to be in the range of $120 million for the full fiscal year. Overall while we still have more work to improve the performance in our Private Brand segment, we have made good progress against key initiatives in many areas of our business in fiscal 2015, including Consumer Foods, Commercial Foods, corporate and SG&A expense control and our Ardent Mills joint venture. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass will be happy to take your questions. Ill now turn it back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And it looks like well take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Andrew.
John Gehring: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Welcome Sean, great to hear from you again and Gary, really wishing you all the best moving forward.
Sean Connolly: Thank you.
Andrew Lazar: I guess there are two questions from me if I could. First Sean, this may not be a question youre prepared to answer really just yet, but youll tell me if thats the case, I guess if we had asked you and maybe prior roles that you had in food, Cannibal, Hillshire and such realizing this may ultimately be a very different outcome as it relates specifically to ConAgra. Trying to get a sense of what would your thoughts have been regarding sort of the marriage if you will of Private Label and Brands under the same roof, because theres still obviously quite a bit of investor skepticism around the pairing and then I just got a follow-up?
Sean Connolly: Well I appreciate the question Andrew and I appreciate that you all have many questions for me about how were going to create value going forward, clearly being just a few weeks in to ConAgra Foods here, I am in the early days of learning and Ive got a lot more work to do. So Im not in a position today to give you the kind of perspective that youre seeking but I do look forward to engaging with you down the road and sharing that perspective because Ill have it. For now, just know that I do see tremendous opportunity to create value here at ConAgra Foods and Im really happy to be part of the team.
Andrew Lazar: Got it, understood and then Paul, I realize ConAgra wont give full year sort of '16 guidance really until next quarter. The Private Brands margin I think around 3.7% was maybe the lowest since ConAgras owned it. Are we able to say maybe at this stage though that this is sort of a bottom on margins for this unit or giving visibility is still sufficiently murky that we cant quite say that yet as we think out to 2016 specifically in Private Brands. Thanks very much.
Paul Maass: You bet, yeah I would say yeah were clearly disappointed with where were at and we do intend to deliver profit growth in '16 and thats what were all focused on doing.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Paul Maass: You bet.
Operator: Well move now to David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning David.
John Gehring: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: Gary, thanks for everything, I really appreciate it and good luck with your retirement and future activities and Sean, welcome back.
Sean Connolly: Thanks David.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
David Driscoll: So guys way kind of a game changing event yesterday with Kraft and Heinz and Gary, Sean I dont know what you want to comment or not but Gary, gosh youve been at this a long time. You started at ConAgra, was a decentralized structure, your first action was to turn ConAgra into I think the annual report said one turn, it into one entity. I feel like the ZBB actions and the elimination of so much internal cost structure as executed by Heinz, 3G and others is astounding. The numbers yesterday just blew everybody away in terms of the kind of value creation and the stock kind of proved it. Gary, how do you respond to kind of the cost cutting efforts that the company has taken so far and why arent there just dramatically larger efforts that ConAgra could employ just given the size of the entity and again from where you started when it was decentralized to then it kind of comes together in this one unit, it feels like were going the other way with ZBB right now, I hope that was somewhat clear?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah David understood and you know from a lot of the discussions weve had in the past and from the results that we have generated pretty significant savings from our supply chain and SG&A functions year-after-year and the continuous improvement in efficiencies of our operations as well alive for us. So I think weve been at that for long time, put a lot of points on the Board and I expect that future will hold the same.
David Driscoll: John, can you make any comments here even from your past experiences?
John Gehring: Well in principle, I dont comment on other companies in our industry. So Im sure you understand I know weve a lot to add here. I just I think for those of you know me, you know Im a big believer in a lean enterprise because that ultimately creates a strong bottom line and fuel for growth and I think thats just a philosophical view, beyond that, I don't have a lot to add.
David Driscoll: Okay, well look forward to your more detailed comments later on. Thanks everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you, David.
Operator: Well move now to Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning thanks very much.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: I know -- kind of a detail-ish question but we havent talked about synergies for a while with the Private Brands business, but in light you did mention that you changed some assumptions, which kind of triggered this write down this morning. And Im wondering I think weve last heard about synergies in the $300 million range by 2017, I think that was about 18 months ago and correct me if Im wrong about that. Do you -- did those assumptions change as part of the write down and can you give us a rough sense where in the segment reporting those synergies would tend to sit at this point. Thank you.
John Gehring: Yeah Jonathan this is John Gehring. I will cover that. First of all I would say we have been delivering the synergies that we set out to deliver, obviously were not getting those to the bottom line and obvious what that implies is that just our base business execution has deteriorated. And thats whats really I think reflected in the impairment and how long its going to take us to turn that around. So I think we still are on track to drive out the cost and probably as we started out, we said about two-thirds or three quarters of that was going to be in the COGS area and supply chain and thats still the case and awful lot of that is being realized in procurement areas. So Id say weve made good progress on the SG&A. We continue to make good progress in supply chain, but weve got to get the base business stabilized so that more of those synergies drop to the bottom line.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you. John. I'll just follow-up though. Im trying to understand what segment kind of the Private Brand, Consumer, Commercial how would those synergies split? Are they overwhelmingly or even across the three?
John Gehring: I would say, the lion's share of them is still sitting in Private Brands, but -- and I dont have the number in front of me. The consumer has benefited over the last couple of years from some of the scale, particularly in the procurement areas, but I would say probably two-thirds are still sitting in the Private Brands area.
Q  Jonathan Feeney: Great thank you. And if I can just get one last question in for Gary before and Gary thanks for everything, I guess as you look back over the past 10 years and just philosophically, with gross margin being a trade-off between pushing for market share and price and water changes in commodities over that time. From the time that you joined 10 years, my guess is you had a vision of growing gross margin may be a little bit more so than has happened. Can you comment about why shouldnt and forget about the Private Brand side of the business, just the branded side of the business carry higher gross margins at ConAgra and what were some of the surprises maybe on road to that, that maybe give us some learnings about the job that John faces.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I think thats a good question Jonathan and we're always looking to improve our margin structure. We had a spell I can think off three or four years of very dramatic inflation that was tough for all of us to manage through, but I think the balance between driving for productivity on the supply chain side as well as SG&A has served us well. And I think to Sean's earlier comment, operating in a lean fashion is what's really required in an industry that frankly is not a high growth industry. Its one which is a very large landscape and we have to battle for share. So I am pleased that we've been able to certainly recently start to make some forward progress on the share front, but it's always going to be a balance, but continuing down the productivity front is really important because that's what gives the fuel to grow.
Operator: We'll move now to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Gary best wishes from me as well and Sean welcome back. I have a question and a follow-up if I can. ConAgra is trying to turn around Private Brands for many quarters now I think by the companys own words havent necessarily been successful yet. So how do we get confidence that this latest effort will finally I guess be the one that solves the riddle, right? I am sure we can see you are talking about some legitimate changes being made, but I am an outsider and I hear that one of the key differences will be faster graphic changes on packages, Ill be honest that doesnt really excite me that much. So any color there would be helpful.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Let me start by saying clearly we're not where we want to be with the Private Brand business. It's obviously been a disappointing for all of us here at ConAgra. This has been more difficult and taken longer than we anticipated and plan. However, I think we all firmly believe we can improve our performance by focusing on what we can control, which is our execution and we are firmly committed to making those necessary changes. So a little more colorful Paul.
Paul Maass: Yes Kenneth bottom line, we do need to improve our own execution. You're kind of asking what do we really mean by that and simply put, I would say we are changing the way we're running the business, focusing on the four areas that I described in the formal comments. Narrow product focus with deep expertise in each business, improving commercialization speed, consistently meeting our customers service expectation and most importantly expanding our margins. These are basic things that are required to win in Private Brands. And I think it's really important we stay really close to our customers. They've giving us plenty of actionable feedback regarding kind of what we're doing right and what we're doing wrong. We've been really granular in our assessment and we have a clear understanding of the root causes of the challenges and we're committed at executing all these changes in the whole overall turnaround effort. So I appreciate what you're saying, but I just reiterate that we're committed to it and we have confidence we will grow profits in '16.
Ken Goldman: Ill just let it go there. I realize we're running a little long. I appreciate it guys.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Ken.
John Gehring: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning everybody.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Gary, it's been a pleasure. Sean welcome back. So I guess just a quick detailed question, with the impairment, should goodwill expense be significantly lower? I guess it's been running since the transaction is like call it $100 million to $110 million is that going to switch to being much lower now?
Sean Connolly: No Eric actually the impairment of goodwill, goodwill is not an asset that we amortize. So really the impairment is going to have a very little impact if any on our amortization expense going forward.
Eric Katzman: Okay. I'll follow-up and then I guess maybe Gary and Sean you could both address this kind of more of an industry question. Some of the other companies have recently talked about seeing somewhat better category trends sequentially and Im just kind of as you kind of look at the last couple of months, are you seeing it and what do you attribute it to better macro or the industry starting to get the product lines better aligned with the changing consumer and I understand its modest but were certainly all hoping it happens.
Sean Connolly: Eric, I would just start by telling you we see it clearly on the away from home side and you know that weve got a very large scale advantaged food service business anchored by Lamb Weston and we are clearly seeing that happen here in North America, on the consumer front Tom youre seeing what?
Tom McGough: Yes generally speaking as we look forward we see it to be an industry with nominal growth that's primarily defined as a market share battle and our focus is on the things that we can control fixing the fundamentals within our portfolio, investing in our businesses. While there are some macro things that we believe should provide some tailwinds lapping the snap reductions, certainly lower gasoline prices ultimately provide additional income. Were not really counting on those to be a part, we're really focused on the things that we can control and weve made very good progress in building our share in very big and important categories.
Operator: Thank you. We will move now to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Alexia.
Sean Connolly: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So Gary its been great working with you and Sean definitely welcome back again. So just one question there was some discussion earlier about the improvement from the innovation that youre seeing in Chef Boyardee, Orville Redenbacher, Healthy Choice, and I remember about a year ago, Gary was seeing we've been trying to recruit new consumers into those brands and it's just proving a bit challenging. How are you measuring the return on investment in those innovation and product developments in that, how can you be sure that the money that you're turning into the brands now is really going to drive value creation as the time. Thank you and I will pass it.
Tom McGough: Alexia this is Tom McGough and I feel -- let me frame up the answer to your question around this. Fundamentally we believe in brand building and we build brands and we believe that that's best done when brands are what we call ANP ready. Clear consumer insights and effective strategy to win in the marketplace and solid fundamentals in the business and we're investing in those brands that are ANP ready. Brands like Marie Callender, Reddi-wip, Hunt, Slim Jim are just a few and we see the impact from those. As Ive talked about formally, we've captured the number one share in our largest single category which is frozen single served meals and even on a brand like Reddi-wip, we now claim the category lead not only in refrigerated, but also in frozen. So we see a real impact, real return when we invest behind the brands that are ENP ready. Those businesses that you highlighted were businesses that we had to do some work to get them to be ready to make further investments. We focused on the fundamentals. Weve stabilized and we've been growing some of those businesses and throughout this year we focused on the insights, the strategy, the fundamentals. As we move into our fourth quarter and into FY '16 we have more brands that are ANP ready. Our ANP in Q4 will be up and we expect to invest more in FY '16. So this has been a foundational year getting those right. We see impact when we have those factors all lined up and that's our general approach of how we make investments in our portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move now to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning and good luck Gary and welcome back Sean. So my question is for Sean and so one way to look at your fit with ConAgra or something that investors have talked about is you obviously have a very, very strong branded background. But on the Private Label side perhaps not as much. Can you just talk about from your perspective why this role is a good fit for you personally and perhaps maybe comment on the fact that you havent had as much experience in Private Brands and why that shouldnt really matter in this case?
Sean Connolly: Well Akshay I think you know I've been doing this for about 23, 24 years now and over that time I have managed all sorts of businesses from branded businesses to commercial businesses and private branding businesses. So Im very comfortable here at ConAgra Foods with the businesses weve got. It's very familiar to me and that's why I am enjoying myself now going deep on each and every aspect of our operations. So I can get back to you all in the coming months with an assessment of what I see. What I can tell you with conviction is I am here at ConAgra Foods because I see a tremendous opportunity to create a lot of value over time. We have tremendously strong assets and we have got a highly motivated team. So overall, I am very excited to be here and I think we can put some points on the Board.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Credit Suisses Rob Moskow.
Robert Moskow: Hi thank you and best wishes Gary and good luck Sean. So my question actually is for John Gehring, when I saw the release today and the comments that all three business units delivered results just a little bit better than you thought, when you did your preannouncement. I guess its good, but it was only two weeks left in the quarter, when you had your profit warning. And it's just strange to see all three units doing better than you thought with so little time left in the quarter and for Sean to execute the visibility into the operations is going to have to be good, the systems are going to have to be good. So maybe you can just give us a little more color on what changed in those two weeks that surprised you on the upside, thanks.
John Gehring: Yes I appreciate the question Robert, Obviously day in, day out we're trying to forecast our business as best we can. And I dont want to quibble with the timeframes. I would just note that we had not yet closed the third period of the quarter which is also the biggest period of the quarter. So the timing of the release versus the date of the information we have is a little bit off, but nonetheless, I think the things I would point to is first of all about $0.02 to $0.03 of the over-delivery was driven by the lower tax rate and thats just really a function of in the third quarter at the end of the third quarter every year we reconcile our prior year provision to the actually final tax return. That's just something that happens late in the quarter. So we're unable to predict that until we get through the work. So that is probably $0.02 to $0.03 of it. I think the other piece is we're really in the consumer business again the last period of the quarter was the biggest and it finished stronger. And then I would say the other element is in the commercial business in Lamb Weston in particular. Their domestic volumes came in strong, but I would say they also had a little bit of upside in terms of what we're assuming around the port issue on how much throughput we would get which has obviously been a challenging thing to predict over time. So we clearly are working every day to get tighter on our ability to forecast the business, but we did have a few things come to us for the last month of the quarter that created a little bit of volatility.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question and best to both you Gary and Sean. Hey John, just a question for you, free cash flow or cash from operations guidance is down a little bit, but I guess if I did the math right, you got to generate about $800 million or so of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, which is a lot higher than the fourth quarter last year and I think looking back even most fourth quarters over the last 20 years. So can you just talk a little bit about some of the moving parts in 4Q that get us to that cash from operations? Are there any, I don't know, I guess sort of discrete or one-time items that help it and just try to get a shape for whether or not we can forecast a similar number for next year or whether, whether or not there are some one-time things that are helping this year, thanks?
John Gehring: Yes, I will, we'll obviously get to next year at a different time. Clearly we -- our fourth quarter is always a very strong quarter of cash generation. I would, without having a lot of details in front of me, clearly our inventory levels are much higher going into fourth quarter and while we expect them to still be higher at the end of the fourth quarter, the amount of the inventory will liquidate over the fourth quarter is going to be higher this year. I also think if you look at probably our accounts payable and some of the accruals, I would expect that we will have more progress and contribution from those in the fourth quarter as well as I also believe our tax payments year-over-year are going to look different also. So there are a number of moving pieces there within the pieces outside of earnings, but again I would remind everybody that we've typically had very strong cash generation in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, Ill hand the conference back to you for final or closing remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Well just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release and as always we're available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes todays ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-12-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin - CEO John Gehring - CFO Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Paul Maass - President, Private Brands and Commercial Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Lubi Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I will be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode. However, our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Happy holidays and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. Im Gary Rodkin here with John Gehring our CFO and Chris Klinefelter VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started Chris has a few words.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our Web site. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. Our second quarter comparable EPS was $0.61, about where we expected to be when we gave our guidance. Keep in mind last years second quarter was our strongest for the last fiscal year. We saw good profit performances in both Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods this quarter. Our Private Brands segment performance is clearly not up to our expectations. We now expect recovery for this segment to take longer than originally planned and Ill say more about all of that in a minute. Overall, were confident that were strengthening the foundation of our Company. This year was designed to deliver stabilization and recovery and on balance, thats happening. The Consumer Foods brands with the biggest improvement opportunities are responding favorably. In our Commercial Foods segment, were gaining new business domestically and across the Company, were highly focused on a more efficient organization at all levels. We expect to meet our EPS commitment this fiscal year, despite the fact that Private Brands will be down for the year. Now Ill offer more insight into each of our segments. Consumer Foods posted a 2% net sales decline, with volume and price mix both down one point, comparable profit increased 7%. Were executing according to our plan which calls for a better share improvement, growth in specific faster growing retail channels and stabilization of those few big important brands where weve been struggling. We plan for fiscal 15 to be a year of foundation building and it is. Were making good progress particularly in light of the challenges everyone is experiencing in the marketplace. By focusing on where we can get growth, faster growing channels and retail fundamentals to be specific, were directing our resources toward our best opportunities for wins. In terms of domestic share gains one example is in frozen single-serve meals. Earlier this year, we achieved the number one dollar share position in frozen single-serve meals and weve maintained it. Despite the challenges of the category, this is a large and profitable section of the store and very meaningful to retail customers. And we plan to leverage our critical mass and expertise to continue leading the category and help retailers grow. Marie Callender's continues to perform well with a long-term success story that just keeps getting better. We grew net sales, share and volume during Q2 in single-serve meals and took share in multi-serve meals. Ill highlight a brand we haven't talked much about yet in frozen multi-serve. The P.F. Chang's Home Menu is an acquisition we made a couple of years ago. We renovated the product line this year, restaging it into the marketplace during Q2 with improved packaging and pricing strategy. The line now features all the components of a bundled complete meal including appetizers, entres and rice. Were seeing very strong early results. Now I want to share results and what weve called our fixed and grow brands, meaning Chef Boyardee, Healthy Choice, Orville Redenbacher's. Were stabilizing these brands with a focus on what we call perfect at retail, meaning the basics, pricing, packaging, promotion and placement. Starting with Chef Boyardee, this brand is really turning around for us. It posted volume growth during the quarter, as well as dollar sales increases and share gains. Admittedly, that's on an easy comparison given our issues last fiscal year, but we feel good about the fundamental corrections we've made. Consumers have responded very positively to the return of the easy open lid and retail customers are supporting the brand with good in0store displays. This is a big brand with strong marketplace equity and residence and were not letting up on the continuous improvement work here. In regard to Healthy Choice, as you know from our past comments, were emphasizing the Caf Steamers line at Healthy Choice because it continues to have significant growth potential. It's truly differentiated with proprietary tray-in-tray technology that makes for a great tasting product. As part of expanding this line, we shaped Healthy Choice simply Caf Steamers in Q2, which are made with nothing artificial and contain 100% natural white-meat chicken. Entres such as lemon herb chicken leverage of the steamy technique for a fresh and crisp taste, and while it's early for these entres, initial results are encouraging. We are now beginning to lap some of the assortment pruning we did last year on slower selling sub lines and as we continue to do that, we expect to see ongoing sequential improvement in Healthy Choice. On Orville Redenbacher's, were starting to see positive developments. We've simplified and streamlined flavor assortment and assume well have an on-shelf presence thats designed to have more impact. Packaging changes that improve retail visibility will go into market in January in-time for the Super Bowl. Changing the graphics might seem simple, but were confident it will be meaningful and positive. When we made a similar change in ACT II Popcorn late last year, double-digit sales growth followed. Were also encouraged by early results for Orville Redenbacher's Skinnygirl varieties. We have other areas of strength in the Consumer Foods portfolio involving sound margin management and strong consumer demand. For example Slim Jim, RoTel and Reddi-Wip, all grew volume in Q2 even while we took price to better reflect rising commodity input costs. Good execution on pricing plus strong acuities with good consumer demand built overtime are helping the Consumer Foods results. Our intensified focus on Club, Dollar and Convenient stores continues to accelerate. As you know, these retail outlets are growing faster than traditional grocers and were now taking share within these channels. We have a lot more opportunity here as we look forward. Were securing distribution for brands like Hunt's and Reddi-Wip in Club and Peter Pan in Dollar stores as we speak. Were aligning our innovation with the formats and offering these outlets need and that's an important part of our growth. Our ability to customize products, packaging and brands for these retailers is vital and we've had good success. This is a testament to what we can do when were clear about our objectives. We harnessed our resources and focus. Before I finish my remarks on Consumer Foods Ill will note that the comparable 7% operating profit growth showed that productivity and efficiencies are coming in strong. Inflation, which is significant on proteins, is manageable overall. We do expect to have FX headwinds to deal with, which means well need to continue to be as effective and efficient as possible. We continue to drive being perfect at retail, making sure every promotion dollar and advertising dollar works as hard as possible and with a good balance between the two. Were being more efficient with our investments and ensuring that they are truly value-add. Now Ill turn my focus to the Private Brands segment. Profits were below a year ago amounts and a meaningful portion of that is due to the pricing concessions we made last year that we haven't yet lapped. We were expecting that part of the decline. But sales were weak during the quarter. Volume was down 6%, largely because our customers have put a lot of business out to bid and our competitors are responding aggressively. It is a clearly a fight for share going on in the food industry and in some categories, the battle includes branded players as well as Private Brands. Were experiencing some cost spikes in specific commodities which are impacting profitability in the short-term. Pricing initiative is underway, should help pass on the higher commodity costs overtime. Regarding the rest of this fiscal year, we had originally expected modest profit growth in fiscal '15. Right after further evaluation weve revised our outlook. This outlook better reflects the continuing competitive pressures, the impact of the commodity cost increases, the extended time needed to achieve the cost benefits from our network optimization and in general, the overall timeline we needed to make sustainable improvements in how we operate this segment. The Private Brands segment profit will be down in fiscal '15. Results should significantly improve in fiscal '16, when we expect the business to recover and start growing. Improvement largely boils down to execution. This is the transformative undertaking to create scale in Private Brands and its been more complex and required more time than we originally expected. Weve learned a lot, but theres still more fundamental work to do. While the environment is definitely very challenging, our issues are primarily our own execution and they are fixable. We clearly understand that we need to change how we operate this business, so that we consistently meet and exceed our customers expectations and build stronger Private Brand partnerships. When that happens, well see improved and more consistent business performance in Private Brands. Our turnaround plan is focused on several areas of our overall execution. First, were working hard to increase our customer responsiveness and speed. Some of this is just the basics like getting packaging graphics done faster. Second, were intent on improving our commercialization processes by eliminating bottlenecks and getting new products on shelf when the customer expects them. Third, were establishing better service levels for customers, that includes things like fill rates, and on-time delivery realizing that each customer has different requirements and we need to meet those expectations. And fourth, were building better connection between sales and the supply chain to optimize margin management. That will enable us to for example be more responsive to commodity moves. To sum up those improvement areas, we need to become the true value-added partner that we know we are capable of being and we have to earn our right to be seen that way. We have deep convictions that well get there. When we do, that will mean less business put out to bid, more value-added innovation opportunities, better category management to drive velocities and much improved absorption in our plans, overall a much better top and bottom-line performance. This will take time, the work going on now isnt an immediate impact on our end-market performance, but we have a great deal of focus, energy and resources pointed squarely on improvement and we expect to start reaping the rewards of our efforts in fiscal '16. We remain committed to our long-term strategic vision for Private Brands. The marketplace tells us that the fundamental appeal of Private Brands to consumers is real and the strategic importance and profitability of Private Brands to our customers is real. And we know we can add value in a scaled way given our infrastructure. Realizing our vision will take more time, but we will make it happen. Moving on to Commercial Foods. Sales were up 2% over year ago amounts and comparable operating profit increased 8% versus year ago. In our biggest business in this segment, Lamb Weston sales and profits were up this quarter. Weve added customers domestically and moved into a potato crop that is more efficient for processing, positively impacting our earnings delivery. Weve continued to diversify and strengthen our customer base, gaining share domestically and adding assets internationally, which bodes well for long-term growth. Some of our key international customers have faced slowdowns in their business due to a food safety issue from a meat supplier in Asia. But we view that as temporary, results for the other Commercial Foods businesses were in line with the year ago and theyre poised to deliver solid performance in the back half of the year. For those of you who may not have seen the announcement a few months back, were now up and running with the Chinese potato processor we acquired during Q1, giving us the ability to serve our customers in this market with local production, which will play an important role in expanding our business in that market overtime. And before I leave the Commercial Foods segment, its worth mentioning that the Longshoremen's labor situation on the West Coast is impacting international shipments. Its been mildly disruptive to-date and we hope its resolved soon, but it could be more of an issue as the year progresses. We will keep you posted. Outside of our segments many of you know we have some very good businesses classified within equity method investment earnings. For example Lamb Weston/Meijer, a large joint venture between ConAgra Foods, Lamb Weston and Netherlands based Meijer Frozen Foods, recently announced plans to expand its frozen potato facility in Bergen Op Zoom, Netherlands to be complete in 2016. Thats another vehicle to accelerate international growth. And our milling joint venture Ardent Mills which incorporates the former of ConAgra Mills business is off to a very strong start. This deal will be accretive to comparable EPS in a few years and is clearly a long-term strategic and financial win for us. Before I close today, I want to just touch on our CEO search. Obviously I am firmly committed to leading ConAgra Foods until our new CEO is named. As Ive said before, my intent all along has been to retire in May at the end of fiscal '15 and I will be flexible depending upon the needs of the Company. I know our search committee is being extremely thorough and diligent in their selection of the next CEO to lead ConAgra Foods and we will share any news when there is some. For now, Ill summarize our Company's progress so far this year like this. We said fiscal '15 would be a year of stabilization and recovery, and that's what is clearly happening in the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. Attributing to that is our overall effectiveness and efficiency work taking place throughout ConAgra Foods. We are on-track for the resulting SG&A savings, good productivity and good synergies. The near-term outlook for Private Brands has weakened. Were working on fundamental execution improvements to make us a better partner to our customers and to be seen as the value-added player we know we can be. We believe in material year-over-year growth in fiscal '16 as realistic and we expect margins to gradually improve overtime, and we have strong conviction about the long-term opportunity. On balance, were making good progress in many parts of our business, enough to offset weakness in our Private Brands segment which is why were reaffirming guidance for fiscal 2015 EPS and our debt reduction goals you've heard before. I wish you and your families a great holiday and John will share additional details now. John?
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary and good morning and happy holidays to everyone. I am going to touch on four topics this morning. Ill start with some comments on our fiscal second quarter performance including our additional impairment charge this quarter. Next I will cover comparability matters, then on to cash flow capital and balance sheet items and finally I will provide some comments on our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. Let's start with our performance, overall the fiscal second quarter comparable results were in line with our expectations and reflect good progress against several key focus areas, as well as continuing challenges in our Private Brands segment. We have reaffirmed our full year goals and continue to expect fiscal 2015 results to reflect stabilization and recovery. Before I cover some of the details, I would remind everyone that with the formation of Ardent Mills joint venture in the fiscal first quarter, flour milling results prior to the formation of this JV are reflected as discontinued operations. Also our share of earnings from our 44% interest in Ardent Mills is included in equity method investment earnings. With the fiscal second quarter, we reported net sales of $4.2 billion, about 2% below the year ago quarter. We reported earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.05 versus $0.48 in the year ago period. The sharp decline in reported EPS was driven by a non-cash impairment charge that I will say more about in a few minutes. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $0.61, slightly below comparable year ago amounts reflecting weaker performance in our Private Brands segment and expected dilution from the Arden Mills transaction, offset by stronger performance in our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments and lower interest in corporate expenses. Now Ill share a few comments on our segment performance. Starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $2 billion, down about 2% from the year ago period, reflecting 1% volume decline and 1% of negative price mix. As Gary noted, were pleased with the progress we are making on key initiatives and the improvement in trends. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $310 million or up about 7% from the year ago period. The operating profit reflects the improving volume trends and lower marketing and SG&A costs. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of $8 million on net sales and about $6 million on operating profit for the segment this fiscal quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter, cost savings were approximately $45 million and largely offset inflation of about 4%. Inflation was slightly higher than our expectations driven by cost increases on certain input particularly proteins, as well as higher transportation costs. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $89 million, down about 19% from the prior year quarter, due impart to changes in timing and reallocation of funds from advertising to in-store promotion. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion or up about 2% from the prior year quarter driven by 2% volume improvement. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit was $148 million or 8% above the comparable year ago period. The operating profit increase principally reflects the volume growth and benefits from improved quality crop in Lamb Weston. Equity method investment earnings were higher this quarter due to the addition of earnings from the Ardent Mills joint venture. Moving onto corporate expenses for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $92 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $58 million versus $64 million in the year ago quarter. Our Private Brands segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1.05 billion, down about 5% from the prior year quarter driven by a 6% volume decline resulting from category softness and pressures from both branded and private branded competitors. Operating profit excluding items impacting comparability was approximately $49 million down 46% from the prior year quarter. This decline reflects weak volume performance and margin compression driven by pricing concessions in the prior year fiscal year, as well as temporarily higher operating costs associated with supply chain initiatives. The performance and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year also reflect additional margin pressures from rapid increases in several key commodity inputs particularly tree nuts and durum wheat. While overtime, we expect to recoup some of this lost margin through pricing. The pricing lag and related margin loss will not be recovered in the current fiscal year. Due to the short-fall in our profit and cash flow performance in our Private Brands segment and our updated expectations relative to the timing of improvement in cash flows in this segment, we have updated our goodwill impairment analysis. As a result, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately $247 million or $222 million after-tax. This charge is principally related to the impairment of goodwill, but also includes some impairment charges related to certain brand or trademark assets in the Private Brands segment. The additional impairment is driven by the changed performance outlook and reflects the fact that the underlying discounted cash flow valuation models are very sensitive to changes in cash flow and other assumptions. While were disappointed with the setbacks in Private Brands this quarter, we are confident that well improve the margin structure of this business over the next several quarters, as we execute pricing for specific commodity increases, improve our execution especially related to customer service, pricing and margin management and complete supply chain initiatives which are driving higher one-time costs in the near-term. Based on our latest forecast, we expect operating margin to improve and to reach double-digit levels over the next several years. Now Ill move onto my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.56 per diluted share of net expense in the quarters reported EPS related to several items. As previously discussed, we recorded $247 million or $0.51 per share of non-cash charges related to goodwill and other intangible asset impairments in our Private Brands segment. On hedging for the fiscal second quarter, the net hedging loss included in corporate expenses was approximately $25 million or $0.04 per share. Next, we recorded approximately $21 million or $0.03 per share of net expense related to integration and restructuring costs. Also in the fiscal second quarter, we recognized a tax benefit of $8 million or approximately $0.02 per share related to the favorable adjustments of prior year federal income tax credits. Next Ill cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $122 million of cash on-hand and $536 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to target operating cash flows of approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion for fiscal 2015, and we expect that this will provide us ample cash to achieve our fiscal 2015 debt repayment target. On the working capital for fiscal year 2015, we expect working capital changes to contribute modestly to operating cash flow. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $90 million versus $171 million in the prior year quarter. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to be in the range of $550 million to $575 million, somewhat lower than our previous estimate. Net interest expense was $75 million in the fiscal second quarter versus $95 million in the year ago quarter. Dividends for both this fiscal quarter and the year ago quarter were $106 million. On capital allocation as we have previously noted, our capital allocation priority through fiscal year 2015 will be the repayment of debt. By the end of fiscal 2015, we expect to have repaid around $2 billion of debt since the Ralcorp acquisition, including $1 billion this fiscal year. We repaid about $500 million earlier this year from the Ardent Mills proceeds. We remain committed to a strong dividend and intend to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we de-lever. However, during this period we expect to limit our share repurchases. In this quarter, we repurchase only an immaterial amount of shares. And while we expect limited acquisition activity in the near-term as we repay debt, we will continue to evaluate investments to strengthen our performance. As we enter fiscal 2016 with a stronger balance sheet, we expect to have more flexibility in our capital allocation to consider dividend increases, share repurchases and additional growth investments in addition to some debt repayment. As Gary noted last week, we announced plans to add production capacity to support growth in our Lamb Weston/Meijer joint venture in Europe. This expansion will not require a capital contribution from the partners as it will be financed by the joint venture. Now Id like to provide a brief update on our fiscal 2015 outlook. For fiscal 2015, we continue to expect diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability to grow at a rate in the mid single-digits from our fiscal 2014 comparable base of $2.17. Our current full year guidance reflects our view of several key performance factors, including the following; first, in our Consumer Foods segment, we continue to focus on fundamentals in-store, which are driving volume stabilization, and we expect a stronger year-over-year operating profit performance. And in our Commercial Foods segment we expect good sales and profit growth led by stronger performance in our Lamb Weston business. And while we believe the improved potato crop and volume growth will drive profit improvement in Lamb Weston, our international growth will be lower than plans due to near-term customer issues in Asia and impacts from the West Coast port -- labor dispute. We expect that our food service and other commercial businesses in this segment will post modest profit growth in fiscal 2015. In our Private Brands segment, we now expect volumes and profits to be down year-over-year, reflecting competitive challenges and a longer timeline for improving our operating margins. We remain very focused on margin recovery in this segment, while our current results are being impacted by in-plant commodity increases, we have begun to take pricing in the effected categories, but the pricing lag will impact the current year. Also as we have previously noted, we are incurring temporarily higher operating cost this fiscal year related to certain supply chain initiatives, which will benefit future years. So we do expect to see good margin improvement over the next fiscal year. This fiscal year we also expect higher equity method investment earnings due to the contribution from Ardent Mills. As a reminder, while we are confident that overtime Arden Mills will be accretive to our earnings, there is about $0.08 of EPS dilution included in our fiscal 2015 outlook. Overall, equity method investment earnings in total are expected to be in excess of $100 million for the full fiscal year. Overall, we have made good progress in both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments through the first half of the year. As we have noted, we still have more work to do to improve the performance in our Private Brands segment. Our expectations for the full year remain on-track, despite headwinds from Private Brands, transportation issues and volatility related to FX and commodity markets. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass, we will be happy take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session, operator?
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you. Now wed like to get to an important part of today's call taking your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted via the telephone. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: Two questions on Private Brands. First would be, I think last quarter Gary youve talked about service levels in that unit being up to, back up to sort of a 98% level and really the key was just getting past, lapping these pricing concessions and then there were a bunch of things that youd listed, that start coming through in the fiscal second half, that would start to improve margins? And then on this call I think you did mention some service issues still lingering. So I am trying to get a sense was there a step back in service levels or I guess I am still not clear really on what changed that you wouldn't have know about last quarter, that's now going to sort of push back the timing on being able to improve the margin structure at Private Brands? And then I've got a follow-up there.
Gary Rodkin: All right, Andrew, I am going to let Paul tackle that one.
Paul Maass: Yes, so the way I would frame it up for you Andrew is the a lot of the service progress that we have made clearly around just the on-time delivery, fill rate and structural improvements, a lot of the things were referencing were due to planned consolidations and their very structural nature. And we have made a lot of progress, but we have more work to do. Kind of the, what's new in the way were defining it is the overall service with our customer, clearly on-time fill rate those are important, but the way we interface with the customer in everything that we do to strengthen that partnership with them. And that's really what were getting at here is beyond those very service metric type of things, the overall relationship.
Andrew Lazar: If we think about then whats changed, if we look at what your expectation was for EBIT in the Private Brands based for the full year last quarter versus what it is today, Im trying to get a sense of how much of that sort of downgrade if you will was just the timing lag between cost and pricing versus some of the other things that you sighted, competitive bidding and promotional levels by the brands and such. I think the general question here is, it seems to be still not nearly a level visibility right, but I think folks want to see whether itd be internally or externally around kind of getting your arms around this business and Ive gotten the question a lot this morning, it is a $45 million per quarter run-rate in EBIT is that the right just longer term run-rate in terms of profitability for this segment, because youre supposed to have a lot of -- a lot of the synergies really ramping up in Private Brands in the back half of this year and again it doesnt seem like any of that will flow through obviously in a positive way, so its a long way to question but trying to get a sense of really whats changed because I dont still have a great sense for that I have to say?
Paul Maass: Yes and Andrew let me just -- I get what youre saying and its a great question. Im just going to add pretty quite a few different points of context that will I think help connect some of the dots. And Id start by just acknowledging that the business is clearly not where we want it to be or expect it to be and its a point of frustration for our entire organization. To state the obvious, its been more difficult and taken longer than we originally planned, but I think an important point is these issues they are fixable. The earnings revision that you see is from my perspective its a delay in our recovery, but its not a long-term problem. One point that I would share with you, I expect and have a lot of confidence that the earnings growth in '16 is real, I have confidence that we will be able to deliver it and we continue to have a lot of confidence that the Private Brands industry will be a faster growing part of the overall food industry, so our vision and our belief and confidence in Private Brands in total hasnt changed in spite of the short-term challenges. As far as the headwinds this year that maybe you could call it more of a surprise in nature. We are dealing with softer Private Brand category performance, thats real, impacts volumes you see that in the results. We also as John mentioned the inflation and it is intense and it is impacting our snack, nut and pasta business, because the cost is immediate. Were taking pricing actions but it lags. And that is an element where it ties to confidence in the improvements in '16, but I would say beyond the headwinds probably whats most important for us to do and where I would say the biggest issue is, is really around our execution. Weve lost business because were not in front of the customers the right way and simply put its just takes us too long to do basic things that our customers expect us to do. And thats why we have a very focused turnaround plan to get this business on-track. And I dont want to get too windy, but I think probably not only yourself but others have questions on what are we doing to turn the business around and I just -- I want to go ahead and hit that head on and share some of that perspective. And our turnaround efforts are focused on four areas and I start with our customer. Were committed to narrowing our focus and what we have found is where we have narrow focus, we have better performance and more confidence from our customers and more stable just overall performance and where we have stressed to too thin and added some complexity its hurt and so we know what we need to do and thats really about making those adjustments so that we are more effective. The reality is our customer brands are usually important to them. They have to have confidence in their suppliers. We do have confidence, our customers confidence in many areas, but if theres an area where you lose it you have to be aggressive and earn it back and thats absolutely what were focused on. The second area is really is around the commercialization and the speed of that and so where we have one business is taking us too long to get that executed and into market and its obvious when you do that the sooner you do it the sooner the new sales is realized and it improves the performance of the business. Third I would bucket around cost and service management. And I kind of went into the service, but the reality is we have to service our customers in a cost effective way. We have made progress, but theres still more work to do and its got to be customer-by-customer very granular in nature to embrace the unique dynamics by category, by customer and thats exactly the direction were headed. The fourth one is really around the connectivity in our business and I would just reflect on the inflation thats hit us this year. When you have better internal connectivity, the impact -- we have to be able to navigate through those dynamics effectively and we will with better internal connectivity. Fundamentally I would just wrap it up there with that Andrew is that as we do all these things, we truly will be a value-added partner for our customer and we can get there on a lot of that is founded in these execution improvements that we've got to implement.
Operator: And we will take a question now from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll: Gary, Paul I add apologies but I do want to follow-up on private label here. I wanted to take just a slightly different direction. So TreeHouse has reported that it has seen three straight quarters of organic volume growth. So like Gary I as heard you on the comments about the intensity of the environment, but when I look over at another very big, I know it's a different portfolio of private label, they actually see pretty good strong volume growth that I mean they give us this commentary that some of the traditional retailers are really starting to see some strength when you look at Kroger and some of their numbers, I mean things look better but you guys are seeing I mean, what was the volume in private label, it was down 6%. I mean that's an enormous figure. Given the kind of price contraction that the Company took many months ago, I would think that the one thing you would have protected was your volume. So can you kind of marry up what's the difference between the strength that this other big private label entity and why just the volumes are just so weak?
Gary Rodkin: Dave, that's absolutely a fair question. I'd start by saying from an industry standpoint there are clearly players that are doing well. You referenced one big one. Consumers are more and more accepting of private brands and customers that are winning are emphasizing their own label and we know overtime, the up market trend is going to continue and that will play well into our skill set and we know that customers are going to be more and more demanding on supply chain efficiencies, food safety analytics and all that will leverage our infrastructure. But frankly, we are challenged from an execution standpoint. This is truly a tactical, not a strategic question. We haven't done a good enough job on things like speed and on customer service levels and there have been some specific issues on customer service levels, Paul referenced some but we've had some supplier issues as well, that have hit us, that's not an excuse. Overall, our issues are truly our own execution and what we need to do to drive growth is to level the playing the field on service of speed before we can really start to take advantage of any other kind of CPG capabilities that we've talked about. So I can't overemphasize the point that we do now have while the learning curve has been slower than it should have been, we should have moved faster, we do now have a turnaround plan that has four pieces to it, our effectiveness and efficiency work on Private Brands has addressed some of that, but we need to go further to address the pain points and we have to break some of the bottlenecks that we have but they are really around customer responsiveness and speed, improving our commercialization processes, better overall service levels and better connectivity between supply chain and sales. So I know that's a bit repetitive from Paul's answer but I just want to point the gun clearly at our own execution issues. I know that this is fixable. These things are fixable. We just need to do a much better job and move faster and I think we now have all the resources in the focused sense of urgency to do that. I wish it had been faster, but the bottom-line is we now have that action plan in process.
David Driscoll: Okay, Ill pass along
Gary Rodkin: And David, sorry David and clearly we will see a material impact in F16.
David Driscoll: Well, that's very important. Thank you.
Paul Maass: Hey, David just one thing I would add is the points you made on our competitor, it is an element of why I am still confident that the outlook on Private Brands is very positive. When we do all the things Gary just mentioned, there is a lot of opportunity here.
Operator: And well move now to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: I guess, well just getting off of the private label topic for a second, John youve kind of written in the press release there was some hedge accounting adjustments that are going to happen going forward. I haven't heard that from other companies. Is that just a function of your ingredient base and its volatility? And then kind of what, so what should we expect, a little mark-to-market within the segments that you are going to pull out or you can't pull it out and it means it's more volatile? Maybe Ill just, Ill have that one and then a brief follow-up.
John Gehring: Yes, Eric good question. I am going to try not to get too technical, but historically a portion of our hedges have been, we've used some indexed hedges and this quarter we regularly look at how effective we think those hedges are and I think as we review those, the effect on this of some of these hedges this quarter, we determined that that effect in this was lower than we had planned, probably due to a lot of factors. When that happens, I think just good accounting requires that we change our methodology and recognize those mark-to-market impacts directly under the segments versus what we ordinarily do which is we temporarily defer them through corporate expense. I think in terms of what it means is, what youll see is that well change the timing of when we recognize any of these losses or gains. And I think it could add some volatility to our results over the next couple of quarters as we unwind these positions. To be clear, its just a portion of the hedges we use and my sense is that this issue will be done once we unwind from these hedges, it was just the case where again because of a variety of factors we felt like the effectiveness or correlations if you will had dropped to a level where we felt like we should go to mark-to-market on that subset.
Chris Klinefelter: And Eric this is Chris Ill build on Johns point and just say that, weve taken the volatility that John was talking about and the impact on our numbers, weve taken that into consideration when we are giving you our guidance.
Eric Katzman: And then Gary, this is a just kind of maybe focused on the Consumer segment for a second, obviously youve got a big frozen portfolio, that category in total has been really tough kind of going back to the great recession. And maybe theres some signs out there that the consumer health particularly middle-class maybe even lower income is getting a little bit better with the gas price relief. Do you see any signs of recovery in that segment at all from -- with not just your business, but just in total and maybe a little broader perspective on whats happening with the consumer there and Ill pass it on? Thanks.
Gary Rodkin: Sure Eric. Thanks for the question. Ill start and then I am going to turn it over to Tom for some more color. The economy is still challenging for most Americans and I think were all aware theres overcapacity on both sides of this industry, manufacturers and retailers, so that dynamic continues to play out. However, there are some positives you named one. The gas prices should be putting more discretionary income into the pockets of the core consumer who -- where that really could make a material difference so we hope they are going to spend some more of that on the food side, both at home and away from home. And we are now left -- have left the SNAP cuts from last November the food SNAP cuts, so both of those factors should be positives as we go forward. And its just important to remember, this is a really large landscape, so theres room to grow by improving fundamentals like weve talked about in perfect at retail. But in general, I would say we hope that as an industry weve kind of bottomed out and are looking forward -- but let me turn it to Tom, because he can give you some really good color on frozen and the rest of this portfolio.
Tom McGough: Eric this is Tom McGough and let me just provide a little bit of context in frozen and what were seeing. As you know, its a big and important category not only within our company but with our customers. And as you noted, overall category has been down. But overall I think its important to note that those declines have been concentrated primarily in the nutrition segment. The premium and value segments are relatively stable and thats where our two largest brands are positioned in those segments. As Gary highlighted today and as we spoke about last quarter, we captured the number one share position in single-serve meals last quarter and we actually extended our share of leadership this quarter. And I think whats important to note, this second quarter we posted the highest profit we ever have in the second quarter on our frozen portfolio. So we built our share of leadership and we also delivered record results. If you look at the fundamentals of our business, we continue to invest to grow Marie Callender's and weve achieved great results not only in our single-serve meals but in the other platforms. We had a great holiday season on frozen desserts and our frozen multi-serve platform continues to grow. As I said the nutritional segment is challenged and we are building share in that segment with Healthy Choice. Were posting very strong gains on Caf Steamers and we continue to build our business around that platform. And as Gary highlighted, we introduced a line called Simply Steamers this quarter and those are products that are made with no artificial ingredients contain, and 100% all natural chicken. And its really on trend with the desire from consumers of minimally processed foods. And we also price those at a higher price point. And that residence with the consumer despite the higher price point were off to a very good start. Finally as we look at the rest of our frozen portfolio, we invested heavily in P.F. Chang's. When you go to a restaurant you then typically order an appetizer and your entres are served with a rice side dish. And we have restaged our business to sell that bundle, improved the appetizers, improved our multi-serve meals and we just introduced a line of frozen rice and we are off to an incredibly strong start on that restage. So overall while the frozen business is challenged in aggregate, our performance has been very strong this quarter and over the last year. And this is a category that we are going to continue to invest smartly to build the category to our brands.
Operator: Well take a question now from Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the sticking on the Consumer side, the advertising spending being cut down, that's something we heard about from a number of companies recently, what's the thinking behind that particularly in terms of the long-term investment behind the brands and do you expect that to change going forward or do you expect to stick with setting up promotional activity? Thank you.
Tom McGough: Sure, Alexia. This is Tom McGough and let me address that. I think there is a couple of perspectives here; first and foremost as with any investment we have an ROI approach to allocating our resources. And I think you can appreciate given the breadth of our portfolio, we focus our resources where we are getting the highest return and we are increasing spending on several brands. Marie Callender's, our tomato platform of Hunt's and RoTel, Slim Jim, and specially brands Reddi-Wip and PAM. We have the fundamentals right on those businesses, we continue to invest our volume and share continues to increase. But our perspective is that traditional marketing is only one investment in our brands and we take a more holistic look at the investments that we are making in our brands particularly in getting the fundamentals right. And where we've invested rather significantly has been on, I can highlight a couple of businesses, Chef Boyardee we invested to improve our products, packaging through the easier lid. The business has responded very-very nicely with our volume up fairly significantly over the last quarter. Importantly, that's coming from non-promoted based volume grow and we see a good trajectory and a higher return from that investment. I just talked a little bit about P.F. Chang's, but we invested to get the product, the pricing, the package right at retail that's resonating incredibly well with consumers and we are seeing strong double-digit growth. And the last thing Id highlight is that as a company, we placed a much bigger emphasis and we've made more investments to grow in alternative channels. As you know, increasingly consumers are shopping in Club and Dollar stores. The win in these channels requires us to have customized product and packaging. But marketing in these channels is very different. Driving trials, if you go through a Club store, driving trial happens in-store, that's how you get the trial and awareness and that's very different than the traditional broad-based advertising, but we are reconfiguring our go-to-market approach, how we invest to drive trial and awareness in our brands and we are investing in many of these customer specific programs that are reflected in our P&L as trade spending and not as traditional A&P. Because you take a step back, we are investing in our business, we do it in a very holistic manner, we are having very good impact from those investments and we will continue to have that lens of ROI, effectiveness and impact that drives our investment decisions.
Operator: And well take a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Do you mind if I could just ask two questions if I could. The first would just be in relation to the cost savings commentary that you shared if I recall you have given like an overall cost savings figure. Are we still on-track for the -- I think it's 125 to 150 for the Private Brands division?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, we are still in that range for the Private Brands and overall we are looking at 350 to 375 across the entire enterprise. Hello? Chris did we lose you?
Chris Growe: I am there, can you hear me?
Gary Rodkin: We can now, yes.
Chris Growe: Okay, sorry for that. Just a question about the Private Brands division and with the volume weakness, what seems to be persistent volume weakness, is there anymore activity, I guess I am trying to get to are there more cost saving potential here now, while things have been a little slower in terms of their rebuild, are there plant closures are things you can do because of the volume environments get a little bit more aggressive on cost on that division?
Gary Rodkin: Fundamentally yes, and one of the things that we referenced was just the accelerated cost that we have in our business today around supply chain initiatives where the benefits are getting stretched out and that does, its around improved distribution network, consolidation, production consolidation and we will continue to drive optimization on that its a really important part of the overall plan.
John Gehring: And I guess the only other thing I'd add Chris is as we work through the execution of the plan that Paul and Gary have talked about, certainly as we try to more tightly wire the business, that might also result in less touches, thats a certain things that might give us a chance to streamline some processes even further than we have through the first phase of our effectiveness and efficiency work.
Operator: Well move now to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Lubi Kutua: This is actually Lubi on for Akshay, just had a question on your Consumer Foods business. So the margins in that business where really strong this quarter, I mean I think looking at our model it seems like strongest has been since at least the second quarter of 2010. So trying to get your thoughts on sort of sustainability of that margin performance in Consumer Foods for instance and I think there was a question earlier about sort of your level of brand support, but what gives you comfort that you are not cutting brand support too deep maybe in Consumer Foods such that it could affect the long-term performance there?
Tom McGough: Sure our margins well this is Tom McGough and our margins are what you reflect and its a combination of strong productivity, being able to execute pricing to offset commodities, a strong discipline on the trade side to be very surgical, to meet marketplace conditions and we believe weve balanced those very-very well and our margins have been very strong. And as I previously said, we look at our investments very holistically. And we are investing in our business for the long-term, making sure we have the right fundamentals on the businesses that I highlighted as well as continuing to invest in businesses to sustain long-term performance. So our focus is certainly around building a foundation that sustains growth overtime. And I think we feel weve hit that sweet-spot of discipline, while still investing behind our businesses not just in traditional A&P but in other areas to make sure we have the fundamentals right. And thats going to provide a foundation that we will consistently grow from.
Operator: Another well hear a question now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I think every question, every possible question has been asked. Ill ask about international though. You mentioned some customer specific issues. I want to know if you could give us a little more color on what that is and how much did it affect the quarter and is it a short-term or is it something that affects the back half of the year? And maybe quantify the West Coast labor strikes and how much that affected the quarter and why that would just be a short-term issue as well?
Paul Maass: Yes, so Rob this is Paul and I feel that commentary is all around our Lamb Weston business and the softness in those Asian markets are really fundamentally rooted in the -- there is a food safety issue from a meat supplier with some of our key customers it hurts our business. It is sequentially improving. And the outlook is that it will continue to improve. There are commitments on building out the market there, opening new stores continues to be very positive and the right outlook and weve positioned ourselves to partner with them and enable that growth. The West Coast the port slowdown very real, our exports do go through those ports. Theyre running I think you see that publicly but its running around 50% of capacity. And like every other industry were working through it, the sooner it gets resolved the better. Not a real big impact on the second quarter, but something that wed definitely want to see get resolved so we can serve our customers and hit everything that they need.
Operator: And there are no further questions Mr. Klinefelter, Ill hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Before I close I know that Gary wants to offer some thoughts.
Gary Rodkin: Yes just in closing, I want to reiterate that basically three quarters of our business, the two biggest sectors are performing well their foundations are much stronger than year ago. And that were managing our cost structure very well, the effectiveness and efficiency work is really playing a part there. The Private Brand business has an intensely focused sense of urgency and resources aimed at this turnaround, but I want to reiterate we believe in the strategy. Its a bold move that we undertook and its a big transformation. We have strong conviction that Private Brand will be a growth sector in the food industry long-term the issues we have again to repeat are our own execution, theres no escaping that. These issues are fixable. We will drive growth long-term from this business. And with that, I will wish everyone happy holidays see you in the New Year.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you, Gary. This concludes our call today. And just as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and it will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always we are available for discussions. Happy holidays and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: Thank you and this concludes todays ConAgra Foods second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-09-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Rodkin - CEO John Gehring - CFO Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Paul Maass - President, Private Brands & Commercial Foods
Analyst:  Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company
Operator: Welcome to todays ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I will be your conference facilitator. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin:  Good morning and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin and as usual I am here with John Gehring, our CFO and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that can influence and impact our expected results perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. First quarter diluted EPS on a comparable basis was $0.39 versus $0.37 a year ago which is ahead of where we expect it to be. During our first quarter of fiscal 15 we drove progress in a number of areas. First, Consumer Foods volumes strengthened, we improved share, made sales gains in alternative channels and posted good productivity savings. Also we continue to improve the underlying health of our Private Brands operations positioning us for margin expansion and new business as the year progresses and within commercial foods we continue to pick up new business through Lamb Weston. Were pleased with our start to the fiscal year and we see the hard work from last year beginning to show returns. We know that one quarter does not make a year and that there is a lot of time left in fiscal 15. I feel good about the underlying progress. We continue to have a very high sense of focus and urgency against our objectives and we look forward to delivering the full potential of ConAgra Foods. With this good start to the year we are very confident in our full year EPS projections. I want to acknowledge the news I shared last month about my intent to retire at the end of this fiscal year. The reason I'm retiring is simply that I want to spend more time on the personal side. At this point I have had an all-encompassing corporate job for a very long time and I'm ready to devote more time to family, friends and outside interest. I feel honored to have led ConAgra Foods for the past nine years. It's been a meaningful journey personally and professionally and I believe the dramatic changes we have made at ConAgra Foods in terms of the operations, the culture and the strategies will serve shareholders well over the long term. I'm fully engaged in achieving our near term objectives as well and I'm confident that we will meet expectations. It's very hard for me to leave this role and company that I care so deeply about but I believe we will be on a very solid footing as we finish fiscal 15. Now on to segment specific news. Within Consumer Foods, we had a 1% decline in sales which includes flat organic volume, and flat price mix. Clearly the volume performance was a big sequential improvement over Q4 and came in a bit ahead of what we expected. Comparable profit increased 19%. The work to get to that volume performance in Q1 was important in foundation building. In fact there is a lot of work going on now to grow volume, increase share and improve margins all across the segment and particularly in our fixed and grow brands. I will touch on each of those in a minute. But first I want to tell you about a significant milestone. We achieved the number one dollar share position in frozen single serve meals during the quarter. As you know thats been a challenging category for retailers but it's still very large, important and profitable for customers and food manufacturers alike and we believe this is still a good business. We think the combination of deep insights, a focus on core users and leveraging differentiating innovation can help us continue to grow. As you know one of our major frozen brands Healthy Choice has struggled in single serve frozen meals. It's one of our fixed and grow brands but were confident of our direction focused with that brand. As you may recall we are moving out of slow selling SKUs and into more of our proprietary Healthy Choice Caf Steamers line which has been consistently strong since it's introduction in 2008. The Caf Steamers we have market are showing strong growth and were confident of bigger second half progress in Healthy Choice as we begin to lap some of the assortment pruning we did last year on slower selling sublines. Meanwhile Q1 for Marie Callender's was particularly strong with the single serve dinner business up double-digits in dollar and volume sales. Marie Callender's has a long winning streak and increasing household penetration, a good testament to the quality of the food, advertising that resonates and the focus on the core user. Overall in Frozen were confident of our portfolio and it's strength and are looking forward to better numbers on Healthy Choice later in the year. Chef Boyardee our second challenged brand is beginning to perform better and return to the easy open can that consumers prefer and our new merchandising strategy has begun to pay dividends at some of our key customers already. Performance on Chef Boyardee is improving as we speak. On Orville Redenbacher's were working through some packaging, assortment and merchandising changes that will all go into the market late this calendar year. We expect these changes to be meaningful and positive as we look forward. Within popcorn we have seen a strong quarterly performance from Act II which benefited significantly from some simple graphic changes in the packaging. We know this category has room for growth and we know the Orville Redenbacher's brand equity is strong. Snacking is clearly a growth area and Slim Jim was a great performer in the quarter growing double-digits and volume in net sales and taking share. This is another example of a strong brand that knows it's core consumer and communicates them with them in a way that really resonates. Reddi-wip is another brand that had an outstanding quarter and the key here is expanding usage occasions. Reddi-wips success is an example of being persistent and tenacious with a good idea specifically getting displays of Reddi-wip next to fruit.   We had a terrific summer season with the brand with double digit growth and volume of sales and great share pickup as well. Our intensified focus on club, dollar and convenient stores is beginning to drive impact. As you know these retail outlets are growing faster than traditional grocers and were beginning to seize our share of this growth. Were gaining sizeable distribution in club stores with brands like Reddi-wip, Hunts, Bertolli, Swiss Miss and Marie Callenders. And were securing new distribution for some of our brands as well in the dollar store format. All-in-all were making some big strides in channels and have more room to grow. In terms of the bottom-line Consumer Foods comparable profits increased 19%, productivity and other efficiency initiatives offset inflation and we continue to find ways to work much more effectively freeing up resources to focus on growth. Within our Private Brands segment sales were down 2% versus last years first quarter and comparable operating profit declined 28% reflecting the fact that we made pricing concessions in the second half of our last fiscal year because of our customer service and quality execution issues. While a meaningful decline is sequentially better than last quarter, the good news is that we have resolved these issues and we will start lapping those pricing concessions that we had to make last fiscal year as we get into the second half of this fiscal year. I also want to point out that while we have to do some firefighting last year the fixes we put in place are sustainable and provide us with a much better operating model and foundation. Were gaining deeper, faster and more granular visibility into our private brand operations now and because of that were being much more proactive on both the challenges and on the opportunities and having stable operations lets us begin to leverage our scale and use some important tools like SAP which are just starting to be implemented in certain parts of the segments operations. And most importantly stabilizing our operations and delivering our customers what they expect, when they expect it, allows us now to compete for business proactively not reactively which means we have the opportunity to return to more normalized pricing in overall improved customer relationships and by that I mean partnerships where were squarely focused on growth. Let me share a bit of color now in some of our larger product lines and Private Brands specifically snacks, bars, cereal, in-store bakery and pasta. Were taking advantage of snacking demand through new emulations in some of the fastest growing snacking areas like pretzel flats and pieces, a new bolder flavors of crackers and were also doing some of our own unique innovations for several retailers. Were also a major player in the large and growing snack nuts category. In bars the focus in growth off-late is really on the protein and fiber bars where we have strong emulations sold under the retail labels. While some parts of the overall bars category growth slowed we have a broad set of emulation and manufacturing capabilities across many different bar types and were adjusting those resources to the areas of the category that are in the highest demand. As you all know the cereal category has been very soft so this will become we believe more of a share proposition for us. What we have to do is better leverage our very strong emulation capabilities and a margin structure thats attractive to retailers. Our fourth product line I want to mention is our in-store bakery business where we make everything from bagels to artisan bread to cookies sold in the parameter of the store. We have tremendous capabilities here and the growth prospects are very solid as sales in this part of the store grow. For example we just launched a new flavor platform for our Lofthouse Cookies that allows us to leverage our strength during holidays and expand on it year around and finally a word on pasta, a category that has experienced significant pricing competition in the past several years. This is a sizeable business for us and one where we will use our state of the art capabilities particularly in operations to rebuild our margins overtime. So you can see our breadth across the store, and with our arms around the operational issues we can work with retailers to design solutions to meet the shopper needs. In fact we have picked up a good bit of new business over the past six months that were working to bring to market in the second half of fiscal 15. Our current projections are for modest sales and profit growth in this segment in fiscal 15 and for growth to accelerate in fiscal 16 and 17 on both the top and bottom-line as we continue to get good synergies, operations continue to become more efficient and we gain new business and distribution. The fundamental appeal to consumers, the strategic importance and profitability of Private Brands to trade customers and value added capabilities of the ConAgra Foods Private Brands operations make this a long term growth factor for us. Moving on to commercial foods, sales were $1.1 billion up 2% over a year ago. The volume increased 3% while a comparable operating profit as expected decreased 9% versus a year ago. In our biggest business in this segment, Lamb Weston potato product sales were up primarily due to more growth in the food service channel. Profits were below year-ago amounts, the year-over-year profit decline reflects less profitable mix given the loss of a large food service customer last year which we have not yet lapped and the last quarter of last years poor potato quality both of which we have talked about before. We will get both of those issues behind us in the fiscal second quarter as we lap the customer loss and our into the new crop. We have diversified and strengthened our customer base since last year so we feel good about the sales potential and our prospects going forward. On the international front for Lamb Weston some of our customers are facing the impact of adverse food quality news in China. This will give us some short term headwinds but the long term growth potential in developing markets will continue to be robust. Importantly we completed our acquisition of a Chinese potato processor during Q1 giving us the ability to process potatoes close to our fast growing QSR customer base. Also Lamb Westons newly expanded board Portland, Oregon plant had a very successful startup recently and is running smoothly and this plant will help us better serve the growing demand from our global customers. Within the rest of the commercial food segment, sales and profits were in-line with a year ago. And just as a reminder, we completed the Ardent Mills transaction, so we no longer have any flour milling operations in our results for continuing operations. We will recognize our share of Ardent earnings through equity method, investment earnings. Ardent Mills is off to a very strong start, were excited that the startup of that operation has gone so smoothly. This deal will be accretive to comparable EPS in a few short years and clearly as a long term strategic and financial win for us. To wrap things up before I turn it over to John, Q1 was a quarter of important progress. We said fiscal 15 would be a year of stabilization and recovery and we got off to a very good start on that in Q1. We are continuing to drive great urgency in getting more effective and efficient throughout ConAgra Foods and were on track for the resulting SG&A savings. This favorably impacts the performance for all of our segments. Consumer Foods is making good progress overall in the tough environment. There are many bright spots with our brands and the brands that have weighted on results are beginning to respond to our efforts to improve. Private Brands is starting to stabilize although a still good bit below our long term expected profitability and were operating with more confidence. Were picking up new business, have clear line of sight to better margins and were moving toward our strategy vision that will capitalize on the strength of our unique portfolio. And commercial foods continues to be a very strategic and profitable scale business for us. The recent short term challenges will soon be in the past. The more diverse base of customers we have built over the last year will help us over the long run. We see fiscal 15 as a more normal year in regard to the potato crop and the international growth prospects are real and sustainable. Were pleased with our results for Q1 and we look forward with conviction to delivering the rest of the year. Were also confident the work we have done will drive strong performance in fiscal 16 and 17 where we plan for EPS growth acceleration. John will share additional details now.
John Gehring: Thank you Gary. Good morning everyone. I'm going to touch on four points this morning, I will start with some comments on our fiscal first quarter performance. Next I will cover comparability matters and then on the cash flow capital on balance sheet items and finally I will provide some comments on our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. Lets start with our performance, overall for the fiscal first quarter the results were a bit better than our expectations and reflect progress against several key focus areas for fiscal 2015. We have reaffirmed our full year goals and continue to expect fiscal 2015 results to reflect stabilization and recovery. Before I cover some of the details I would remind everyone that with the formation of Ardent Mills early in the fiscal quarter flouring milling results prior to the formation of the JV are reflected as discontinued operations. Historical results from continuing operations reflect this change most notably within EPS and the results of the commercial food segment. We have provided revised numbers in the written Q&A document associated with this release. Also our share of earnings from our 44% interest in Ardent Mills is included in equity method investment earnings. Importantly we continue to use $2.17 of a share as are comparable 2014 earnings base. For the fiscal first quarter we reported net sales of $3.7 billion in-line with the year-ago quarter. For the quarter we reported earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.25 versus $0.30 in the year ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability fully diluted earnings per share were $0.39 up $0.02 over comparable year-ago amounts reflecting strong performance in our consumer food segment, increased equity method investment earnings and lower interest and corporate expenses offset by lower earnings in our commercial foods and private brand segments. Now I will share few comments on our segment performance starting with our consumer food segment where net sales were approximately $1.6 billion down about 1% from the year ago period reflecting flat volume flat price mix and some rounding. While we have more work to do to drive consistent top line growth were pleased with the progress were making and the improvement in trends. Our Consumer Food segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $199 million or up about 19% from the year-ago period. The operating profit reflects improving volume trends and lower marking and SG&A cost. The impact from foreign exchange on net sales and operating profit for the segment this fiscal quarter was immaterial. Our consumer food supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results. This quarter cost savings approximately offset inflation of about 3% which was in-line with our expectations and was driven by cost increases on certain inputs particularly proteins. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was 72 million down 30% from the prior year quarter which included significant cost associated with several large new product launches. Our private brand segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $980 million down about 2% from the prior year quarter. The net sales decrease reflects modest volume declines a portion of which relates to the elimination of certain low margin business. Operating profit excluding items impacting comparability was approximately $48 million or down about 28% from the prior year, this decline reflects the continuing but moderating margin compression driven by the pricing consensus in the prior fiscal year. As well as temporarily higher operating cost associated with supply chain initiatives. While we still have significant margin recovery ahead of us were pleased with a continued progress and improved operating stability of this segment. In our commercial food segment net sales were approximately $1.1 billion or up about 2% from the prior year quarter. The net sales increase reflects about 3 points of volume improvement partially offset by about 1 point of negative price mix. The commercial food segments operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $125 million or 9% below the year ago period. The operating profit decline reflects the impacts on gross margins from a less profitable sales mix and from the poor quality crop. As Gary noted the transition to the new crop will be completed in the second quarter. The gross margin decrease was partially offset by lower SG&A costs across the segment. Equity method investment earnings were higher this quarter reflecting approximately two months of earnings from the Ardent Mills joint venture as well as improved profits from our international potato joint venture. Moving on to corporate expenses, for the quarter corporate expenses were approximately $141 million adjusting for items impacting comparability corporate expenses were $64 million versus $66 million in the year ago quarter. And briefly on discontinued operations as I noted earlier subsequent to fiscal year the fiscal 2014 yearend we completed the formation of Ardent Mills. As part of the process we divested three of our flour mills and recognized the gain of $91 million in the fourth quarter of last year. The company also recorded a gain of $625 million in connection with the formation of Ardent Mills in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. These gains are now reflected in discontinued operations. Now I will move on to my next topic items impacting comparability. Overall we have approximately $96 million or $0.14 per diluted share of net expense in the quarters reported EPS related to several items. On hedging for the fiscal first quarter the net hedging loss included in corporate expense was $50 million or $0.07 per share. We recorded a loss of approximately $25 million or $0.04 per share related to extinguishment of debt. Next we recorded approximately $23 million or $0.03 per share of net expense related to integration and restructuring cost. And finally in the fiscal first quarter we recognized a net after-tax benefit related to historical legal matters of $3 million or approximately $0.01 per share. Next I will cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First we ended the quarter with $134 million of cash on-hand and $545 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowing. We continue to target operating cash flows of approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion for fiscal 2015 and we expect this will provide us ample cash to achieve our fiscal 2015 debt repayment target. On working capital for fiscal 2015 we expect working capital changes to contribute modestly to operating cash flow. On capital expenditures for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $112 million versus $174 million in the prior year and for the full fiscal year we continue to expect CapEx to be approximately $600 million. Net interest expense was $84 million in the fiscal first quarter versus $96 million in the year ago quarter. Dividends for this fiscal quarter and the year-ago quarter for $105 million. On capital allocation as we have previously noted our capital allocation priority through fiscal year 2015 will be the repayment of debt. In connection with the formation of Ardent Mills in the first quarter of 2015 we received proceeds from the sales of three mills and distributions from Ardent Mills which totaled approximately $569 million or about $530 million after estimated tax liabilities. During the first quarter we completed two transactions related to our debt repayment plans. First we essentially refinanced approximately $550 million outstanding under our term loan through the issuance of two year floating rate notes and terminated the term loan. In addition we utilized proceeds from the Ardent Mills transaction to repurchase about $500 million of our outstanding long term debt across various maturities. By the end of fiscal 2015 we expect to have repay about $2 billion of debt since the Ralcorp acquisition, including $1 billion this fiscal year was about 500 million of that coming from the Ardent Mills proceeds. As we enter fiscal 2016 with a stronger balance sheet we expect to have more flexibility in our capital allocation to consider dividend increases, share repurchases and additional growth investments. We remain committed to a strong dividend and intend to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we delever. However during this period we expect to limit our share repurchases and this quarter we did not repurchase any shares. And while we expect limited acquisition activity in the near term as we repay debt we will continue to prudently support the right investments for our business. For instance during the fiscal first quarter consistent with our global growth strategies we acquired a potato processing facility in Shangdu, China for $93 million. This investment accelerates our strategic plans in this important market but it does not interfere with our other capital allocation goals. Now I would like to provide a brief update on our fiscal 2015 outlook. For fiscal 2015 we continue to expect diluted earnings per share adjusted for items impacting comparability to grow at a rate in the mid-single digits from our fiscal 2014 comparable base of $2.17. Our current full year guidance reflects our view of several key performance factors including the following. First, in our consumer food segment we continue to focus on stabilizing volume performance and expect a stronger year-over-year operating profit performance. In our Private Brand segment we expect volumes to improve over the course of the fiscal year and were very focused on margin recovery in this segment. While were incurring some temporarily higher operating costs related to supply chain initiatives which will benefit future years we do expect to see gradual margin improvement as we move through fiscal 2015. And overall we currently expect profits for this segment to be up modestly for the fiscal year. In our Commercial Food segment we expect good sales and profit growth led by strong performance in our Lamb Weston business driven by international growth and improved margins from a better potato crop beginning in the second quarter. We expect that our other food service and commercial businesses in this segment will post moderate profit growth in fiscal 2015. We also expect higher equity method investment earnings due to the contribution from Ardent Mills. As a remainder while were confident that overtime Ardent Mills will be accretive to our earnings there is about $0.08 of EPS dilution included in our fiscal 2015 outlook. Overall equity method investment earnings in total are expected to be in excess of $100 million for full fiscal year. In addition we continue to expect our supply chain productivity benefits including Ralcorp synergies, to exceed $350 million in the aggregate for all three operating segments in fiscal 2015. Further our SG&A effectiveness and efficiency initiatives will drive at least $50 million of savings for the current fiscal year. For fiscal 2015 we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% although this rate may fluctuate somewhat quarter-to-quarter. Also as a reminder the income tax expense line includes tax on a portion of our equity method investment earnings which are shown pretax. Were off to a good start but at the same time we recognized there is a lot of the year left so were maintaining our current full year guidance. As we indicated in the release we expect the remainder of this years EPS growth to be in the back half of the fiscal year for all of the reasons youve heard us talk about before. As such we expect our second quarter comparable earnings per share to be in-line with the year ago amount. It was our strongest quarter last year so we have our toughest lap at that point. In summary, we are pleased with the start of the fiscal 2015 and while we have a lot more work to do we are encouraged by the progress were seeing against the objectives we have set forth for the year. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass were happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And it looks like our first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Gary on your last call I think you guys mentioned that you expected consumer volume for the year to be flat maybe just slightly down I guess for the full year and then with sequential improvement throughout the year. I'm trying to get a sense if thats still your thinking because obviously you started out the year with flat volume there and if it is still the case is it possible we will see a step back in volume maybe over the next quarter or two just because of the way either comps flow or what youre doing on the merchandising plan. Trying to get a sense how we should view that?
Gary Rodkin: Yes Andrew, I would tell you that we feel really good about the start on consumer volume. A really intense focus on the fundamentals, we call it perfect at retail, is gaining traction and it's demonstrating it's power in Consumer Foods. So I think that the traction is real. Let me turn it to Tom for some more color.
Tom McGough: Sure Andrew. You know what we expect is the foundational progress that we made in Q1 we should sustain throughout the year. What we will be facing going in the Q2 is were going to be executing pricing based on the commodity increases that we have seen in several of our businesses that will create a headwind but overall we expect the volume to be fairly flat for the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: We have heard here and there of some lets call it smaller frozen entree players that are really more in the health and wellness arena that are trying to be pretty aggressive about or expecting to get one or two full doors of placement in the freezer case that some retailers going forward. Obviously that would add significant pressure to the incumbent brand that are currently there and we will see how successful these companies ultimately are but I'm trying to get a sense of whether thats something you see in your conversations with retailers or is that a risk that perhaps is something that we should worry a bit less about given what youre doing around SKU reduction at Healthy Choice and focusing on the steamer line?
Gary Rodkin: Yes Andrew, I would tell you we certainly do see some of that. There is always smaller players looking to get in and that is the case in the freezer case. But I can tell you we have got really good feedback from our customers that given our performance in frozen and what we have been doing to try and grow the business and obviously gain share that it will impact us in a very immaterial way. Our competitors will potentially feel more of that but that really shouldnt disrupt us at all.
Operator: We will move now to Citis, David Driscoll.
David Driscoll - Citi: Gary, can you describe the current service levels to your private label customers and kind of how things have changed over the last maybe two quarters and can you discuss related to this the process of private label contract rebidding, how long did these contracts typically go? Is it a six months? Is it a year? And just trying to get a sense for what we should expect going forward on the progression and recovery of this operation?
Gary Rodkin: Yes David, I could tell you that we feel really good about the service levels in Private Brands, it's night and day difference from a year ago, Paul, maybe a little more.
Paul Maass: Yes, especially a year ago and seasonality, the second quarter is a really important quarter and we are working through just very significant issues. Our service levels are where they need to be in the 98% range, we measure them consistently. Big focus area for us and the good news is that our sales team is on their heels reacted to a bunch of issues, were really managing the business the way it needs to be managed. On the color on the rebidding, I would say on Private Brands it's part of the business so it's ongoing element that we manage through. There is different things that will trigger a rebid by category, by customer, our focus is on the fundamentals, were building the business out the right way, developing stronger customer partnerships making a ton of progress and have confidence in how things will evolve as we go through the year.
David Driscoll - Citi: A separate question, I think you guys said that the Ralcorp-ConAgra savings are now expected at 350 million. Do I remember correctly that the original forecast was 300, is this a $50 million step-up and can you give us any color as to the specific savings expected this year fiscal 15?
John Gehring: Yes David let me clarify that for you. I think the two numbers are a little mixed up there. We continue to see that the synergies from the Ralcorp deal by fiscal 2017 to be a run-rate of 300 million. The $350 million that I referred to is our total productivity for our supply chain across all of the company for fiscal 2015 and probably subsequent years also as what we talked about at CAGNY last year. So 300 million run-rate by fiscal 2017 for Ralcorp synergies, total productivity and supply chain this year of about 350 million. This year and as it relates to our Private Brands business. Were probably looking at something in the range of a $125 million to $150 million for productivity there most -- big chunk of that is synergies.
Operator: We will take our question now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on a sequential progress. I was hoping I could understand some of the drivers of the profit erosion in private label little bit more. When you disclose sales growth of one on 3% volume decline implicitly were talking about 1% price growth but youre referencing price concession. So how do I foot those two numbers?
Gary Rodkin: Yes let me start with that Jason. So, we made as we have talked a lot about, we were on our heels very reactive last year and those price concessions that we made are still with us. So those are in our base but as we move forward and we start to selectively manage our mix and we take some pricing on some of the new business that starts to eat into those price concessions and thats why we have got that dynamic. Paul?
Paul Maass: Yes and the other element I would mention John referenced in his remarks supply chain initiatives and the picture I will paint it's really about taking one step back to take two steps forward. Were changing our broad [ph] distribution network to optimize how we execute there. In the short term that adds costs but in the long term it puts us in an advantage position to execute the business. Were also consolidating production at certain plants, increases capacity utilization. Again these are expensive things to execute that hurts the profit performance in the short term but really positions us better in the longer term and thats what were driving against and thats what you see coming through.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Do you guys have a sense of the magnitude of these incremental costs that may prove transitory that you are not excluding as onetime items?
John Gehring : Jason, I believe in the range of $30 million this year.
Operator: We will take our question now from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets: My first question is on Consumer Foods and the advertising promotion expense. I know you had a tough lap, what's the expectation for the year? And Gary, since you've been on at ConAgra, in-charge rather, you've tried to increase advertising promotion generally over a longer term. Are you resetting that now to a much lower level? I mean what's the number for this year and what's the sustainable advertising promotion number for the Consumer Foods business? And with the lower number this year what impact might that have on sales?
Gary Rodkin: You know philosophically I would say the most important thing -- two things, one last year we spent heavily on some new product introductions that didnt live up to expectations and that out of the numbers this year so thats a big impact. Maybe more importantly were working smarter and deploying our resources more judiciously and thats really about demanding and raising the bar for our folks to say, if we are going to spend the resources we need to see the growth that comes along with it. So Tom, maybe some more details.
Tom McGough: Sure. As Gary said, as with any investment we make we have a very sharp ROI focus on allocating those resources. Given the breadth of our portfolio, we are investing but were going to get the highest returns. Those include many of the businesses that Gary highlighted earlier, Marie Callender, a tomato crop [ph] platform, crop platform, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip. We will continue to invest, but were getting a very strong ROI. Overall our FY 15 spending for the balance of the year will be roughly in-line with year ago levels.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just on Private Brands, are you in a position now to look at this business since it's stabilized in terms of its performance, look at it longer term and give us some guidance in what a long term margin profile for this could look like? I mean your long term targets imply that we should get somewhere close to double digit segment EBIT margins on Private Brands, but is that something that's achievable?
Chris Klinefelter: As you know from our statements we expect modest growth this year for things to accelerate over 16 and 17. In terms of giving a hard number we haven't cited one, but I can tell you is reaching double digits in a reasonable amount of time of long term is not out of the question.
Operator: We will move now to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: A couple of questions. One is on the synergies for the Private Brands business, the 300 million. I'm sure you've addressed this before, but to what extent does that entail consolidating the Private Brands supply chain with the Consumer Foods supply chain? Have you announced those types of steps yet, if there are any at all? And the reason I ask, Gary, is that I'm sure that the Board in the future will continue to evaluate the role of Private Brands in the portfolio. And as you integrate them together, perhaps you even take the step to pull them apart at some point? And then I had a quick follow-up?
Gary Rodkin: Yes let me just tell you that our objective is to really leverage the infrastructure that we have thats what we have talked about when we made the acquisition and we still are aligned through the Board on that strategy but John?
John Gehring: Yes just a follow-up we have done a lot of integration I think you know this year for instance the big portion of the ramp-up in our synergies is coming from procurement and it's really leveraging the buy of really common materials across all of those businesses and then certainly from rolling out our manufacturing cost savings initiatives within the plants we really are doing a fair amount of integration of these businesses and the supply chains in particular. Other thing you think about things like distribution networks and how we move product to customer. So there is an awful lot of progress we have made there and more to come but clearly were looking at a total supply chain.
Gary Rodkin: Rob, one other thing I would just mention as you think about it on a go forward basis, most of our competitors are pretty small in Private Brands and when you think about total delivered cost and ultimately and this is going to take a bit longer but ultimately the total delivered cost just from a logistics standpoint of being able to combine loads and deliver is certainly going to be an advantage for us. So thats just one other example of what we have to look forward to. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. I get it. My follow-up was about the R&D capabilities in the private label business. Your competitor in private label talks a lot about how they use their R&D and marketing capability to come up with ways to segment the market for their private label customers. Gary, you gave a lot of good detail on private label during the quarter, but I was wondering, if you get these new business wins, are they asking you to leverage your R&D capability to come up with new product ideas or premium versions or is it just like you are bidding for business and you're displacing someone else?
Paul Maass: I would just describe national brand emulation is a critical part. We have really strong capabilities especially of the categories that were in as a core competence that is required for success, effective interaction with our customers and developing the right products. So leveraging our total R&D capabilities across our company is absolutely part of our total value proposition and we believe it gives us competitive advantage and were leaning into it and frankly back on the comments on the supply chain, I would put supply chain in that same realm and the same outlook. It's a strong capability, were leveraging it to help us win over the long haul.
Gary Rodkin: Yes I mean so the sweating the assets clearly important. Getting the emulation right, thats kind of the bread and butter of the business but clearly our customers are really excited about our capabilities on the innovation side, thats to come as we go forward, we dabbled in that in a small way thus far and have some wins there but thats going to become a bigger piece of the business as we go forward particularly as the customers go up market.
Operator: And Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research has our next question.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: I wanted to come at the margin question on Private Brands a little bit different way. If we go back to -- I mean forget about the run-up between -- around the time of the transaction -- but we will take an average of 08 through 2012. If you look at the legacy Ralcorp business, pre-synergy you were looking at excluding the branded side of that business, excluding the post-acquisition of theirs and anything related to that. You were talking about 10% to 12% operating margins -- segment margins and so 2% of that was corporate overhead. So level is already higher than what you are reporting and talking about and then, you take another $300 million I mean significantly, 500, 600 basis points incremental in terms of the legacy Ralcorp sales to where that is. So, I'm trying to bridge maybe where -- have competitive conditions changed that you just can't sustain those kinds of margins and so that 12%, 13% isn't attainable? How much of this is temporary dislocation related to the problems last year and how much of this is any change in the marketplace that might have happened due to higher commodity prices, more competition from brands? Just your thoughts on that, Gary? Thanks.
Chris Klinefelter:
 :
Paul Maass: Yes and just a little color, I would start with our current margin performance is not acceptable and our focus is on improving it. A lot of effort around the top line working with customers and just basic blocking and tackling - filling distribution voids, gaining new business, getting it in market all the things that we talked about from a supply chain leveraging our R&D capabilities. So were making progress, there is sequential improvement, feel good about the outlook but also acknowledge that the current margin structure is not where it needs to be and the one that we haven't hit on much is pricing and were surgical pricing low margin SKUs thats an element of it and that where we were a year ago we had to give a lot of pricing and that was just a situation we were in, but were fundamentally changing it and know we have to get a better outcome.
Operator: And we will hear a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company : Can I ask about the progress that you're making on what you've termed the troubled brands before? I think a while ago, you were saying it's very hard to recruit new consumers into those brands. From your comments today, it looks as though they are still seeing negative sales growth. I'm not sure how negative that is, but it sounds as though youre making progress. Was it as simple as just putting the little snap-top lids on the Chef Boyardee? Or is there merchandising, pricing, other marketing or innovation activity that's allowing you to see a bit of progress there? And will we see positive growth on those brands at some point soon? Thank you.
Tom McGough:  As you have highlighted we have talked a lot about these brands, we have been working to stabilize the three businesses of Chef Boyardee, Healthy Choice, and Orville Redenbacher's and it is focused on getting the fundamentals right and being perfect at retail. In Q1, we made very tangible progress in improving the trends. Specifically on Chef Boyardee it's been a combination of two factors, certainly adding our easy open lid to the product has improved our non-promoted velocities, but we have also been more effective in our in-store merchandising. On Healthy Choice, while the nutritional segment continues to be challenging were transforming our product line around Cafe Steamers, which is a very proprietary format for us. It's growing at strong double digit rates. This is work were going to continue throughout FY 15 and then finally on Orville Redenbacher we will be fielding several initiatives in the latter part of this calendar year to get those fundamentals right and we anticipate improving trends in the second half. Microwave popcorn is a category that we believe and were confident we can grow and I think you can see that in our Act II performance that were posting very significant year-on-year increases in our consumption as we have gotten the fundamentals right on that business. So overall we expect to see continued sequential improvement from these brands as we progress through the year.
Operator: There are no further questions Mr. Klinefelter. I will hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: So thank you. This concludes our call today and just as a reminder this is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release and as always were available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-06-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin - CEO Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR John Gehring - EVP and CFO Tom McGough - President, Consumer Foods Paul Maass - President, Private Brands and Commercial Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jason English - Goldman Sachs Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Lee - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter's Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode, however our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that can influence and affect our business perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our web site. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. As we shared in our pre-announcement last week, fourth quarter diluted EPS from continuing operations on a comparable basis was $0.55 versus $0.60 a year ago, and as reported EPS showed a loss due to impairment charges, which we will talk about in a few minutes. Our shortfall to our expectations was driven by two key factors; one, weaker than planned Consumer Foods volumes, and two, significantly lower profitability in our Private Brands operations. As we reevaluated the current and near term profit trends for our private brands business, we concluded that we will be below original estimates for several years, which is the main reason we lowered our EPS outlook for fiscal 2015 to 2017. To state the obvious, we are disappointed with these results. We didn't live up to our expectations, and the year and the quarter were unacceptable. In my book, there are no excuses for that. I want to take the time this morning to explain the root causes of the miss and some details on the improvement initiatives underway. There is nothing more important for me than ensuring we drive improvement in fiscal 2015. We have a tremendous amount of company-wide engagement, resources and energy devoted to improving results in fiscal 2015 and beyond. While fiscal 2014 was not what we wanted in terms of profits, our operating cash flow exceeded $1.5 billion, and we repaid $600 million of debt, both of these items exceeded expectations, and are important factors in the ability for us to succeed going forward. We did this while continuing to pay a strong dividend, and I will emphasize that we remain committed to the current $1 per share annual payout, and a strong dividend policy as well. At a segment level, we will start with our Consumer Foods results. Net sales were approximately $1.8 billion and operating profit was $177 million as reported. That reflects a sales decline of 7%, comprised of a 7% volume decline, 1% favorable price mix, and 1% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. In Q4, our Consumer Foods volume decline was worse than the 3% to 4% decline we were expecting. Why? The continuing poor performance of several large brands we have discussed previously, very soft packaged food industry performance in May, and some late shifting of promotion timing into the first quarter of F 2015. As has been the case for a few quarters now, the biggest portion of our volume decline relates to a handful of brands that we have talked about before, namely Healthy Choice, Orville Redenbacher's and Chef Boyardee. We have begun making changes with these brands to improve performance. We are confident we are doing the right things to make an impact, and we recognize the need to move faster. We believe we will see better overall performance on the top and bottom line from this trio in fiscal 2015. One of the softest categories is Healthy Meals, which obviously impacts Healthy Choice. The Frozen Healthy Meal segment is a big important area within frozen single serve meals at $2.5 billion in annual retail sales, comparable to the hot dog category. This particular part of frozen single serve meals has seen the biggest drop in sales. There is plenty of room for better performance in a category this big by gaining share via differentiated product. In terms of specific initiatives, we have started improving product mix, meaning moving to more of our proprietary Cafe Steamers offerings and discontinuing a number of other Healthy Choice slow moving SKUs. Those discontinuations are contributing to the brands current volume declines, and that will continue in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, but better volume performance should start to show in the second quarter. For context, Cafe Steamers is a truly differentiated product line, has proven staying power, and has good margins. So growing that specific product line is good all around for our results. Moving on to Chef Boyardee, we had eliminated at the beginning of fiscal 2014, the Easy Open lid on Chef Boyardee cans and in retrospect this was a mistake. So we have very recently added it back, and that inventory is now getting on shelf. We strongly believe Chef Boyardee can do a better job with core category users by leveraging its protein content about 16 grams in a can that costs on average, about $1. In addition, we have retooled our merchandising programs customer by customer to get more lift with a renewed focus on the core user. We are seeing good growth in Chef Boyardee microwave cups, so we believe the Chef equity still has strength, and are looking forward to leveraging that. In regard to Orville Redenbacher's, our strategy over the past several years has been to grow overall microwave popcorn usage and we lost share as competitors did a better job executing in-store. We have shifted our focus to be more competitive and to be more perfect at retail. This is a work in progress, but we believe the strategy shift will improve our performance. While overall volume in Consumer Foods was disappointing, we had good sales performances from some brands within the portfolio, including for Totally Frozen meals, Slim Jim Meat Snacks and Reddi-wip, all of which continued to respond well to our marketing spend. In the overall Frozen category, consumer buying is down, but we are taking share in single served meals. We continue to be a strong player there overall, and we saw good share performance as well as volume growth during the quarter, from Marie Callender's and Bertolli. Of course, the volume declines have weighed on profits in Consumer Foods. For the fourth quarter, adjusted operating profit of $268 million was 3% below the comparable $275 million last year. The impact of the volume decline on profit was lessened by cost savings in excess of inflation, as well as lower advertising and promotion expenses. Looking ahead, we do have confidence in stabilizing Consumer Foods volume, getting sequentially better in fiscal 2015 for three reasons; one, we expect to see gradual improvement in those three bigger brands that have weighed on volume; drew the specific plans we have in place for each of them. Two; we are well positioned to grow and build share in faster growing customer channels, where there is significant opportunity for us. We have been underdeveloped here in simply capturing our fair share of these faster growing retail outlets, specifically Club, Dollar and C-Store will provide a meaningful boost; and as we shared with you at CAGNY, we are actively innovating and designing products, packaging and promotional strategies to be a bigger part of that channel growth. We have shifted R&D and supply chain resources to ensure that we have the right focus on channels, and are already seeing some success with brands like Bertolli in the club channel. And third, we see upside coming from our international Consumer Foods business, while still a small part of our portfolio, we can see it starting to make a difference in our overall results as our global customers grow around the world. Many of our brands do well in emerging markets, particularly in Latin America, Mexico and India. Our focus is specific by geography and product platform to capture growth in products like tomatoes, popcorn and hot cocoa. We have rewired our organization to get sharper and faster in our execution. We have significantly intensified our focus on customers with stronger joint business planning, we are fine tuning our promotions to reconnect with loyal consumers more effectively, and we are continuing to drive supply chain productivity. When we think about other efficiencies, specifically trade and marketing spend, we have realistic expectations about growth in this segment, given our center of store categories and product lines. We balance our trade and marketing investment with all this in mind, so that we are structuring our spending for an appropriate return. We do have a number of strong brands with effective advertising. We now have a more laser-like focus on the true effectiveness and impact of our marketing and trade spend, and we will continue to fine tune for maximum impact. In summary on Consumer Foods, we believe the plans we have got in place will drive better top and bottom line performance in fiscal 2015. Now I will move on to our Private Brands segment, where sales were approximately $1 billion in the fourth quarter, in line with prior year amounts. Profits for the Private Brands were soft at about $60 million below comparable year ago amounts. We made significant pricing concessions in the previous nine to 12 months that combined to drive down margins. Those were significant investments we chose to put into this business to stabilize customer relationships and preserve a sales base, as we work through some customer service and manufacturing issues inherited from the legacy Ralcorp business. Those were our issues, not broad, private brand industry challenges. It's also worth noting that some of the quarter's operating profit decline came from what I will call concentrated costs, as we made a handful of integration changes and other transitions. We have begun the closure of three plants as part of our network optimization plan. We have made significant distribution center changes and we have created new supplier arrangements. While there is costs associated with these moves, they create longer term value. In other words, this quarter had some costs that progressively lessened throughout fiscal 2015. Looking ahead, we expect profit to improve in this segment in fiscal 2015. We will lap most of the 2014 pricing concessions in the back half of fiscal 2015. We have corrected the service issues. We are regaining customer confidence and we are beginning to win new business with the opportunity to win more business with better pricing and an improved mix. We will also benefit from a more efficient organization. We believe margins will improve starting in the second half of fiscal 2015, as we lap our pricing and accelerate our cost synergies. Let me be clear, the profit headwinds and these specific integration issues that we have been discussing for a while now, are not a result of owning both a branded and private label business. The issues reflect the fact that we brought a roll-up company that was beginning a restructuring, and that company was made up of many parts that weren't functioning together and needed fixing. We knew there would be work to do, but underestimated the degree of difficulty and the amount of time it would take to course correct. We have paid lots of tuition in terms of learnings. Frankly, we have been back on our heels reacting, and are now in the very early stages of leveraging our strengths proactively. We are turning this business into one that operates more effectively, and has a better more sustainable marketplace footing. This will be well worth it, as we look out a few years. We made a bold transformational move in acquiring Ralcorp, rooted in our continuing strong belief in our Private Brand strategy. It has been an intense learning experience, but in the end, the insights we have gained will make us better and stronger over time. Rebuilding customer trust and confidence required some difficult investment choices and trade-offs. A higher level of customer responsiveness required significant organizational rewiring. We are confident in long term growth opportunities for the Private Brands segment. We are confident that our investments designed to create healthy customer relationships, and preserve a substantial portion of our sales base, will serve us well for the long term. That said, the profit performance for this segment over the next several years will not be as strong as we originally expected. That impacts our overall EPS commitments as we indicated in last week's preannouncement, but we are committed to getting back on track and accelerating growth in fiscal 2016 and beyond with productivity, synergies and organic business expansion. Regarding synergies, we are comfortable with our original goals, we still should generate $300 million by fiscal 2017 from the Ralcorp transaction and we have taken that into consideration in our revised outlook. We are confident that we will gradually improve mix, see margin expansion and spend less money and time on course correcting. Within our Commercial Foods segment, our fourth quarter sales and operating profits were up slightly. In Lamb Weston, which is the biggest part of our Commercial Foods business, we are dealing with a suboptimal potato crop, but have quickly recovered volume that we had lost earlier in fiscal 2014 due to a customer transition. In addition, we are gaining even more momentum internationally. In fact, Lamb Weston's international sales grew at a double digit rate in the fiscal year, as we capitalize on the international expansion of key customers. While we continue to deal with last year's potato crop, we will continue to deal with last year's potato crop for a few months of fiscal 2015 we expect to have a very good year in our Commercial Foods business. In our Milling business, sales declined in Q4, reflecting the pass-through of lower wheat costs and the profits declined due to market conditions. Shortly after the quarter ended, we completed the Ardent Mills transaction. The Ardent Mills JV will allow us to take part in financial gains of a more efficient milling business, without the sales volatility of a commodity oriented business in our base results. I am very confident that this will be a long term strategic win that will enhance ConAgra Foods' shareholder value over time. As a reminder, we have a 44% interest in Ardent Mills. Long term, we expect good accretion from this important portfolio move, making this a financially and strategically sound transaction. Looking ahead, we are basing our confidence in recovering in fiscal 2015 and growing beyond that on a number of well grounded factors. One of those is our cost reduction work that we are doing across the company. As we told you in February, we have committed to saving $100 million in SG&A costs by the end of fiscal 2016, and we are projecting to be ahead of schedule in fiscal 2015. These savings are in addition to our strong productivity and synergies which we have talked to you about before. The SG&A savings come from what we call our effectiveness and efficiency work. The purpose is to create an organization that's more agile in its decision making and execution, extremely customer focused and more effective in resource allocation. When we became a bigger company with the acquisition of Ralcorp in fiscal 2013, we needed to take a hard look at how our resources were allocated and designed organizations and processes that more effectively and efficiently met the needs of customers. So this is about overall workflow and how we go to market in a way that best leverages our resources and speeds decision-making with the customer as our focal point across the organization. We have designed more effective and efficient ways to operate, leveraging our standards of expertise which are designed to scale across the company. As an example, we have brought together our supply chains from across the company, as well as our research, quality and innovation team under one leader, Al Bolles. We have done this for end to end alignment with better linkage across our operations. Creating one seamless technical organization allows us to move faster, cut through obstacles, make better holistic decisions and win more with our customers. In another leadership change, we wanted to let you know that Doug Knudsen who led our sales team for many years has retired. Many of you knew Doug from CAGNY and other events. We thank Doug for his tireless work and commitment, he was a key contributor to the company for 37 years and we wish him well in his retirement. Taking over from Doug is Derek Delamater, our new President of Sales for our Retail Selling organization. We are excited about the capabilities Derek brings to the role. He has spent many years in the field representing ConAgra foods with some of our biggest customers, and was most recently inside our headquarters, fine tuning our analytics, and designing improvements on our joint business planning processes. He knows the current state of the marketplace first hand, and will help us build even more winning partnerships with customers, as we go forward. The SG&A savings and better organizational design across the company are foundational to our year of rebuilding, and an important source of confidence in our EPS outlook. But they are not the only reason we are confident in our growth projections for fiscal 2015. In addition, we expect to have significant ongoing cost synergies from the Ralcorp acquisition, a strong commercial business led by growth from Lamb Weston, as we lap the food service customer loss, plus continuation of the good international growth, and a transition to a more normalized crop. Private Brands volume growth, and the beginning of margin expansion in the second half of fiscal 2015, due to numerous improvements underway, and stabilization of the big consumer foods brands that have weighed on results, plus a sharper focus on growing channels and international markets. We are confident these factors will continue to benefit results in fiscal 2016 and 2017 where we plan for EPS growth acceleration due to the foundational work we are doing now. And of course, will continue our debt reduction progress, all while keeping our commitment to a strong dividend currently at $1 per share annually. In closing, we are using what we learned in fiscal 2014 to make headway. Establishing specific milestones for improvement and stabilizing the business in fiscal 2015. We are confident in our ability to make progress due to the factors we have mapped out and have shared with you this morning. John will share additional details now, but before I turn it over to him, I want to thank you for your time and attention this morning. We are working hard to be transparent, provide the level of detail needed to ensure you have a good understanding of our results and plans. Now I will turn it over to John.
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning everyone. I am going to touch on five topics this morning. First, I will start with a brief discussion of the intangible asset impairment charges we recorded this fiscal quarter. Then I will address fiscal fourth quarter and full year performance. Next, I will cover comparability matters, and then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, and finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook. Let's start with our intangible asset impairment charges; in our Private Brands segment, as a result of the continued decline in our gross margins through the second half of the fiscal year, and more modest expectations relative to the timing of improvement in profit margins, as reflected in our recently completed fiscal year 2015 plans, our fourth quarter impairment analysis indicated that goodwill was impaired. We then performed additional analysis to measure the impairment, and as a result, the company recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately $605 million or $1.35 per share after tax. This charge is principally related to the impairment of goodwill, but also includes some immaterial impairment charges related to certain brand or trademark assets in the Private Brands segment. We also recorded additional non-cash charges of approximately $76 million or $0.12 per share after tax, principally related to the impairment of the Chef Boyardee brand in our Consumer Foods segment. This impairment reflects the impact of lower volume and margin trends for this brand. The total impairment charge of $681 million or $1.47 per share after tax is being treated as an item impacting comparability. The company believes that these non-cash charges will not impact the company's ability or plans to execute these businesses in the future. Next, I'd like to comment on our performance. Overall, the fiscal fourth quarter and full year results were below our expectations and reflect continued challenges in several areas of our business. First, for the full fiscal year, we have reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.70 versus $1.85 last year. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $2.17 versus $2.16 in the prior fiscal year. Turning to our fourth quarter results; for the fiscal fourth quarter, we reported net sales of $4.4 billion, down approximately 3%, driven by volume softness in our Consumer Foods segment, and the impact of lower year-over-year weak prices in our flour milling operations, offset somewhat by stronger volume in Lamb Weston. For the quarter, we reported a loss per share from continuing operations of $0.76 versus earnings per share of $0.45 in the year ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share were $0.55, versus $0.60 in the prior year quarter, an 8% decrease. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few items; starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $1.8 billion, down about 7% from the year ago period, reflecting a volume decline of 7%, positive price mix of about 1%, and about 1% of negative FX. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $268 million or down about 3% from a year ago period. The operating profit decline reflects the weak volume performance, largely offset by lower marketing and SG&A costs, including incentive compensation. The impact from foreign exchange on operating profit for the segment this quarter was approximately $5 million. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $50 million in the quarter. For the fiscal fourth quarter, we experienced inflation of about 3%, as cost increases on certain inputs such as dairy and protein accelerated. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $53 million, down about 36% from the prior year quarter. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.6 billion or up about 1% from the prior year quarter. The net sales increase reflects stronger volume performance, offset by the pass-through of lower wheat costs in our flour milling business. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $190 million, or slightly above the year ago period. This primarily reflects stronger volumes and lower SG&A costs, offset by negative price mix across the segment. As Gary noted, subsequent to fiscal 2014 year-end, we completed the formation of Ardent Mills, which included the divestiture of three flour mills at the end of fiscal 2014. In connection with the sale of these three flour mills, we recognized a gain of approximately $91 million, which we treat as a comparability item. The company will also record a significant gain in connection with the formation of Ardent Mills in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. This gain while preliminarily estimated to be in excess of $500 million will also be reflected as an item impacting comparability. I will say more about the impacts of the transaction on cash flow, debt repayment and future earnings in a few moments. Our Private Brand segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1.0 billion and operating profit excluding items impacting comparability of approximately $44 million. The results reflect significant margin compression, driven by the pricing concessions over the past several quarters, which were made to protect volume in the business. The results also reflect unfavorable mix and higher costs related to the operational challenges we have faced. While more than offset by the negative impact of pricing and operational challenges, we have realized over $30 million of COGS and SG&A synergies in fiscal 2014. Moving on to corporate expenses; for the quarter, corporate expenses were approximately $65 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $62 million versus $93 million in the year ago quarter. The year-over-year decrease reflects lower incentive compensation and pension costs, and the impact of efficiency initiatives. Now I will move on to my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $1.31 per diluted share of net expense in the quarter's reported EPS related to several items. As previously discussed, we recorded $681 million or $1.47 per share of non-cash charges related to intangible asset impairments. In addition, in our Commercial Foods segment, we recorded a gain of approximately $91 million or $0.13 per share, related to the sale of three flour mills in connection with the formation of Ardent Mills; and $5 million or $0.01 per share related to a gain on the sale of a non-operating asset. Next, we recorded approximately $59 million or $0.08 per share of net expense related to integration and restructuring costs. On hedging, for the fiscal fourth quarter, the net hedging gain, included in corporate expenses was approximately $14 million or $0.02 per share. We also recorded a tax benefit of about $27 million or approximately $0.06 per share, primarily related to benefits from changes in legal structure and state [indiscernible] positions and the resolution of certain foreign income tax matters. And finally in the fiscal fourth quarter, we recognized the net benefit related to historical legal matters of $10 million or approximately $0.02 per share. Next, I will cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $183 million of cash on hand, and $142 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business, and for fiscal year 2014, we delivered operating cash flows of approximately $1.55 billion, better than our expectations. On working capital, for fiscal year 2014, working capital changes contributed modestly to operating cash flow. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $131 million versus $163 million in the prior year, and for the full fiscal year, our CapEx was approximately $602 million. Net interest expense was $93 million in the fiscal fourth quarter versus $102 million in the year ago quarter. dividends for the quarter were $105 million versus $104 million in the year ago quarter. On capital allocation, as we have noted previously, our capital allocation priority through fiscal year 2015 will be the repayment of debt. In fiscal 2014, we repaid in excess of $600 million of debt, exceeding our previous estimate of $550 million. In connection with the formation of Ardent Mills, in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we received proceeds from the sales of three mills and distributions from Ardent Mills, which totaled approximately $569 million, or about $527 million after estimated tax liabilities. As we have previously discussed, we expect to use the proceeds, primarily to accelerate our debt repayment and to increase our target to approximately $2.0 billion by the end of 2015. By the end of fiscal 2015, we expect to have repaid around $2 billion of debt, since the closing of the Ralcorp transaction, and with a stronger balance sheet, we expect to have more flexibility in our capital allocation to consider dividend increases, share repurchases, and additional growth investments. We remain committed to a strong dividend, and we will maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we delever. However, during this period, we will limit our share repurchases. This quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. And while we expect limited acquisition activity in the near term as we repay debt, we will continue to prudently support the right investments for our business. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2015 outlook and our long term algorithm. First on our fiscal 2015 outlook, we currently expect fiscal 2015 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the mid single digits, from our fiscal 2014 base of $2.17. Here are a few relevant points for fiscal 2015; first on Ardent Mills, fiscal 2015 earnings from the joint venture are expected to be about $0.08 per diluted share lower than the fiscal 2014 comparable earnings from ConAgra Mills. As a reminder, after the close of the transaction, earnings from this joint venture will be reported as equity investment earnings, and in fiscal 2015, we will only reflect 11 months of such earnings, due to the transition to new accounting periods for Ardent Mills. I would also note that beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect to reflect ConAgra Mills as discontinued operations, so our reported results for prior periods will be reduced to reflect the removal of ConAgra Mills results from such periods due to our anticipated adoption of new accounting rules. This treatment does not affect our view of our 2014 earnings base. In our Consumer Foods segment, we expect sequentially improving volume performance and stronger operating profit performance. This fiscal 2015 outlook also reflects modest gross margin improvement in our Consumer Foods segment, driven by mix improvements and strong cost savings, partially offset by inflation in the range of 2% to 3%. The segment is also expected to realize SG&A savings from our effectiveness and efficiency initiatives. For fiscal 2015, we expect total productivity including synergies from the Ralcorp acquisition to be about $200 million in our Consumer Foods segment. We also expect a modest decrease in our advertising and promotion costs, as we focus more effort on in-store execution. In our Commercial Foods segment, excluding ConAgra Mills, which will be classified as discontinued operations, we expect this segment to reflect good sales and profit growth, led by stronger performance in our Lamb Weston business driven by international growth, and improved margins from a better potato crop beginning in the second quarter. We expect that our other food service and commercial businesses in this segment will post moderate growth in fiscal 2015. In our Private Brands segment, we expect volumes to improve over the course of the year. As Gary noted, we are very focused on margin recovery in this segment, and also expect to see gradual improvement as we move through fiscal 2015, driven by pricing and mix improvements and productivity including synergies and SG&A benefits. While we are disappointed in the current profitability level, we are confident that the improvements in our business execution over time will drive sustainable profitable growth. Our outlook also reflects the expectation that cost synergies resulting from the Ralcorp acquisition will reach $300 million of annual pre-tax benefits by fiscal 2017. For fiscal 2015, our effective tax rate will be in the range of 34% for the full year although this rate may fluctuate somewhat quarter-to-quarter. Importantly, we expect to generate approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of operating cash flow in fiscal year 2015, which we expect will provide us ample cash to achieve our fiscal 2015 debt repayment target. We do expect our profit growth in fiscal 2015 to be skewed to the second half, with the first quarter comparable EPS to be slightly below year ago levels, due to several factors, including the timing of profit improvement in our Private Brands segment, and for certain brands within our Consumer Group segment; the timing of the new crop in Lamb Weston, which will benefit earnings beginning in the fall; the timing of Ardent Mills' operations and synergy ramp-up and the loss of one month of earnings from Ardent Mills in the first quarter, due to its change in accounting periods, and the increasing impact from SG&A cost reductions as the year progresses. I reiterate that we expect EPS growth in the mid-single digits for the full fiscal year. On our long term outlook, after fiscal 2015, we expect comparable diluted EPS to grow at a rate of -- in the high single digits annually. We also expect long term annual sales growth in the range of 3% to 4%. In summary, fiscal 2014 has been a challenging transitional year for ConAgra Foods. While we are disappointed with our financial results, we remain focused on addressing operational challenges, and ultimately delivering more consistent profitable growth over the long term. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now we'd like to get to an important part of today's call, taking your questions. (Operator Instructions). And it looks like our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Thanks for the question.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Two things for me. I guess first Gary, as you have stated in isolation, its fair to say the Ralcorp acquisition hasn't gone well so far. And at the same time, the core business trends have deteriorated further still. So I guess my question is whether management and the Board are willing now to take a harder look at the portfolio, and make some reasoned decisions regarding where you take the business from here and sort of what factors would play into those sorts of decisions and analysis, and then I have got a follow-up?
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, that -- clearly a good question, clear point given this year and I completely understand where that's coming from. But keep in mind, this year was highly unusual. I believe that fiscal 2014 really isn't about our portfolio, it's truly about our execution. We do have, I believe a portfolio that can and will deliver sustainable profitable growth, and generate strong cash flow. Our portfolio has some strong categories, like Private Brands. We have got good opportunities in channels like Club, Dollar and C-Store, and we have got some real strong growing geographies, particularly on Lamb Weston international. So we are happy with the breadth and the reach of our portfolio. But what we need to do now, now that the turbulence of F14 is behind us, now that we are in the implementation phase of our company-wide effectiveness and efficiency initiative is to execute. Our focus in fiscal 2015 is on execution, and we believe that mid-single digit growth in fiscal 2015 as we stabilize and then high single digit growth in F 16 and beyond plus continue to pay good dividend should make for pretty good shareholder returns.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Thanks for that. Then with respect to the consumer branded business, I guess a lot of the reason why advertising and marketing was down in the quarter significantly was shifting a lot of that over to more promotional spend, in store efforts and such. And yet at the same time, obviously the branded pace of volume decelerated pretty significantly. So it doesn't seem like whatever that process was, you got the results that you were looking for, and I understand there is a piece of this which was some SKUs in frozen coming out and such, but that in theory you would have known about, when you were expecting volume to still be down three or four. So I am really just trying to get, I guess, a better understanding of what really happened there, around the consumer volume piece?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, let me start and then I will turn over to Tom for a little bit more color. To put it very succinctly Andrew, the industry volume in response to merchandising and just overall post Easter across the industry was very weak, so we did not anticipate that, and secondarily there was some late -- in Q4, some late shifting of merchandising on some of our business to spill over into first quarter 2015. Tom, any more color?
Tom McGough: Sure Andrew. I think what I'd like to add to that is, what we are seeing in store and the impact that it's having on overall merchandising. I think the challenge that many manufacturers face, including ourselves, is that there is more competition for the limited space in stores. And certainly what we have seen is a lower lift as a result of that. So as we think about it, there is really three components that we are focused on. In Frozen, there has been an increase of overall competitive activity. We have bolstered our support. We have been competitive in our programs, and our market share primarily in the premium and value segments with Marie Callender's, Bertolli and Banquet for the fiscal year are up both in terms of volume and dollar share. We feel like we have struck the right balance there and those are businesses that we will continue to invest in. The second is, being able to -- in this environment of competition is to find ways to break through, and there are two ways that we are doing that. In Chef Boyardee, we have seen a lot of concurrent merchandising. We have traditionally enjoyed exclusivity in our events, and throughout the year, we have experimented with different approaches to get a higher lift. We had some very positive impacts with that, with some customers in Q4. We are going to be implementing that on a much broader basis, throughout the fiscal year, and we will see a better impact from that. And then finally, its just about ideas, and where we do really-really well is when we bring those consumer insights, particularly around meal solution, and easy to execute solutions for retailers, we win and we see that on Hunt's, ROTEL, many items in our portfolio. So its a challenging environment. We are tackling it category by category and we believe ultimately we will have a positive outcome from that.
Operator: And we have a question now from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Gary, I have two questions. The first one relates to the Consumer Foods business and then its going to come back to the strategic issue that Andrew was talking about. So Orville Redenbacher in the popcorn category, when I just look at my Nielsen data, you have a fairly sizeable price advantage versus the number two brand, Pop Secret. That business according to our Nielsen data has lost an unbelievable amount of share, 760 basis points a share, down 17% in our data. The category though looks awesome, the category is up 8%, so I can't even feel like we can give this thing credit for a tough environment, because the environment for popcorn looks terrific. The question here is not so specific about popcorn, its just popcorn feels like the piece of evidence that says, why not take a much harder look at strategic review on the portfolio, because you are not getting the value out of this that you need to be getting, and given where the stock is, selling some assets and buying some stock back seems to make phenomenal sense from a shareholder value creation. So can you give us some thoughts on this?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, David, fair question, totally understandable and as concerned you are on the Orville Redenbacher performance, it doesn't come close to how frustrated I am with that performance. We need to do better there, and we have a lot of efforts in place to tackle exactly what you are talking about. Now to segue into your other question and what Andrew touched on as well, let me just say, that we are pragmatic. You have seen me demonstrate that in my 8.5 years here with significant transactions and just last week, we closed on the Ardent Mills JV, so we are still believing in our portfolio. We believe that the things we are doing will improve the performance. But we will always look through the lens of creating long term shareholder value.
Operator: We will move now to JP Morgan's Ken Goldman.
Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan: Hey, thanks for the question. Gary, the SKU reductions in Healthy Choice you referenced, to what extent, I guess, are they driven by your decisions, to focus on higher growth items versus the customer's decision to concentrate a bit themselves on faster turning SKUs? I am trying to get a sense for the risk of further SKU reductions like you saw with Healthy Choice a year ago, versus what's sort of being pulled back on your own?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah Ken. I clearly understand where you're coming from on that. That is totally us. And it's not to say that they don't have a little bit to do with each other, because velocity is what really counts, that shelf space is valuable. But this is something we have been very proactively tackling over the last 12 months or so, because we do have a very strong piece of that business or sub-line of Cafe Steamers continues to grow very strongly, because it's extremely different in the marketplace, and that continues to grow. So we are very consciously culling other sub-lines and slow moving SKUs to give more prominence and more focus to the Cafe Steamers line, and that has been a very big portion of why the volume is down, once we reach the kind of shelf placement that we want, I think we will start to see better performance in Healthy Choice.
Operator: We will take a question now from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Hi Gary. I would just simply love to understand better the sources of margin pressure on the retailer branded business. The magnitude of each pressure. For instance, during these calls, you had mentioned the need to reinvest in sales, restore the price gaps, and essentially rebid for some portions of your business with certain retailers. Could you talk about the magnitude of these pressures and perhaps, how these drags may be diminishing the coming quarters? Thanks.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, let me start on that, and then let me turn it over to Paul, who can get more granular for you. You know that we acquired Ralcorp because of our deep conviction in the long term private brand growth, because of its relevance to consumers and customers and its underdevelopment in the U.S., a whole host of reasons and we still strongly believe in that. And you know that our strategy is to bring our operating capabilities, our infrastructure and our scale to a very fragmented industry. But as you have alluded to, we have dug ourselves a whole in the first full year, and a big piece of what you're referencing is because we had execution and service level issues that really put us on shaky ground with our customers, those are fixed; and our organization is maturing, particularly on the sales front, and what that's going to do, is enable us to partner with our customers, because they are gaining confidence in our reliability, our responsiveness, the capabilities we can bring, and we could be much more proactive, versus as I said before, that we were on our heels. So we will grow volume this year. We will begin to improve our margins in the second half. We will get past some of these short term cost issues, and we will start to bring some of those cost synergies to the bottom line and accelerate our performance, as we get into F 2016 and beyond. So we still have very strong conviction, but we did have a whole host of issues to deal with, that culminated to oversimplify in a lot of price concessions to stabilize. So Paul, some more color?
Paul Maass: Yeah just, integration itself was challenging; and when you have a situation where your customers are really motivated to change suppliers, because we are letting them down on service and execution issues. You got to really pull the price lever to maintain the volumes. The good news is, we are in a much more stable position. We have fixed service issues and execution issues. Better than me, we don't have a continuous improvement mindset to always look for better ways to run the business and improve. But we are much more stable, and we will drive margin improvement and top line growth here as we go forward.
Operator: Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research has our next question.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Couple of questions. Gary, we talked on these calls about some of the really personnel level and management level changes that were made in a different operating businesses of Ralcorp, and how you had to -- you changed some of those, may be put some resources back in, some people back in, so the decisions are getting made closer to the customer. Can you tell me what comfort you have with the team you have on the field right now there and the structure of those businesses?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, let me turn it over to Paul, because I think he can give you some real live color on that.
Paul Maass: Yeah, we reacted to the reorganization that was done right when we acquired Ralcorp, like it would be beneficial to have decision making, like you said, close to the customer; created six business units with general managers that are running each of those. Yes, disappointed in our fourth quarter results, but have confidence in the structure and the leadership team we have to improve the business and the results going forward, with a really intensified focus on expanding margins.
Gary Rodkin: And I would tell you Jonathan that, a lot of it has to do with the customer interface, and we frankly have done some course correcting very recently in this effectiveness of efficiency work, to make sure that we have got deeper product knowledge on the front line. That's something that I think we tried to go a bit too broad in the first iteration, and now we are narrowing that product focus now, because we have realized just how important it is to really have the expertise at the buyer level, the front line buyer level. So that is a pretty significant change that we have very recently implemented.
Operator: We will move now to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi thanks. I guess I agree that it's probably too soon to pass judgment on the marriage of private label and brand and as you said, you have been spending the past year, fighting fires. But Gary I was wondering, is it fair to say that you are also stretching some of your resources of your team, more than they have in the past. Like, when I think about your sales function and Doug Knudsen, to what extent was his time being stretched to have to deal with all these customer issues on private label? And do you think that it had an impact on the branded business' volumes falling as well, just in terms of how he spent his time? And then I just wanted to understand what Al Bolles is doing now. He is now taking on the supply chain role; and private label is a very complicated supply chain function, and I want to know to the extent that he is going to be taking that role of the working capital management and all of that, that's entailed?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. That's a very thoughtful set of questions there, as I would always expect from you. On the first one, in any major acquisition, you are going to stretcher organization, so clearly that has happened. But in recognizing as we have gone through fighting so many fires, more than we anticipated, that really was the basis for this effectiveness of the efficiency work, which has really given us a very granular look at all of our processes, all of our structures. We have been extremely granular on that, and have really worked to have the effectiveness drive the efficiency. So we talk about the savings side of that initiative, but even more important is the effectiveness side of it. Culminating in better resource allocation, faster decision making, more customer responsiveness etcetera. So we clearly have -- are in process of making some pretty significant structural changes, to ensure that we can manage through. Now we are past so much of the fire. It was brutal, to be honest, on the organization in the past year. But I would say that, we are well beyond that. So that's really where I think we are at.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Good morning folks. Thanks for the question.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: So you mentioned, you anticipate improvement in Consumer Foods and top line throughout the year. Can you give us a better sense of the volume growth that your guidance is predicated on for that business?
Tom McGough: Jason, this is Tom McGough, and with regard to Consumer Foods volume, what we see is sequential performance improvement throughout the year. It's going to be driven by three factors. Clearly job one is improving the overall volume and share performance on our core business. We have talked about the three challenged businesses that we have, initiatives being put in place and we should see sequential improvement on that. The vast majority of our portfolio is actually done very well in terms of growing share, and we are going to sustain that performance. I think what's different going into next year will be two other factors; one is just a new focus on winning and growing channels. Whether it's Club, Dollar, C-Store, they are growing at a much faster rate than traditional grocery. Over the last year, we have worked, customized our product, packaging, merchandising programs to succeed in those classes of trade and we are well positioned, going into FY 2015 to see a market improvement in our top line as a result of that. And then finally, international, while international is a smaller part of our overall portfolio, its starting to have a more significant impact. Our plan there is to grow with our global customers, as they expand globally, and we are seeing good sales acceleration in emerging markets like Mexico and Latin America. While it's a relatively challenging environment, we expect that our business will show sequential improvement throughout the year.
Gary Rodkin: And Jason, just to put a marker on that, we expect to be about flat to slightly down for the year. So we are not looking for bigger roll-ups, but we are looking for that improvement Tom talked about.
Operator: We will move now to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi good morning. Just one clarification and then a more broader strategy question. The 217 base John that you're using, does that include or exclude the dilution from Ardent?
John Gehring: The 217 base, that's just based off of this year, so there is no dilution from Ardent in the current year. We will be comparing next year, which will have some dilution in it to the 217 base.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris, the mid-single digit rate of growth that we are signing up for next year, includes dilution from Ardent.
Gary Rodkin: Eric, did you have a follow-up?
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Gary if these -- some of these brands like healthy choice and others, you know you put over the last seven, eight years, a tremendous amount of effort to rejuvenate position against the consumer and it has been a struggle. And I am just wondering versus kind of Andrew's point of breaking up the company or something, maybe another option to think about is, why not manage those businesses more for cash, and use that to fund the growth in private label, which obviously you believe in $7 billion plus investment. Why isn't that a viable option for the business?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah Eric, clearly good question. We have built into our guidance, realistic growth expectations, and we do segment our businesses, and as we see rationale for moving things into more of a managed-for-cash mode, which we do in a number of our businesses, they move in there. So I would tell you that the fixes that we have in place on those three problem brands, really are pretty tactical right now, and they really have to prove their mettle with a very high bar to go get any kind of significant marketing investment from this point forward. So that's may be a slightly different way of saying, we are looking at things a bit like you're suggesting.
Operator: We will now go to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
David Lee - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is actually David Lee in for Bryan.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning David.
David Lee - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just had a question on the Private Brands business and some of the pricing concessions that you had taken earlier this year; and given that this work has made progress in stabilizing some of the relationships, is there a sense or evidence or examples that the advantages of having these two businesses under the same roof is coming into play? So I guess customers recognizing the higher quality and what way that's contributing to the better margin outlook for the business? And also I guess my understanding was that, some of these were in part due to the competitive environment, so any detail that you can provide on the overall environment will be helpful.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, David I would tell you that, we have really been back on our heels this year. So there is no getting around that. We have had to be very reactive in putting out fires and trying to basically maintain our customer relationships. That's pretty much behind us. We put a lot of effort into fixing that, and then a lot of investment into maintaining that business with the price concessions. So we really haven't had the ability in any kind of a big way to take advantage of what we talk about as the one plus one equals three. We do have some specific customer examples where that has worked in combining the two, and that gives us conviction that once we can be much more proactive and have the confidence of our customers, that we will be able to start leveraging those capabilities. But we really haven't seen that, because we haven't been able to focus the energy on that yet. Part of my confidence on our future and private brands, interaction with the customers and the combined strength of having the branded -- and private branded businesses together in those strategic discussions on things we can do, from a strategic partnership.
Chris Klinefelter: Operator, this is Chris, I'd like to ask that we just have one final question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Thanks for taking the question, I will make it quick. Can you -- I am just trying to understand where and how you are going to get improved performance on private label over time? What would be really helpful is if you could just give us some color on what categories or product groups you have seen the share loss in, and may be if you can comment on -- you have lost share at the expense of margin, and you would have lost more share, I guess, if you hadn't given up pricing. So how do we get back share and improve margins from here? That's really the bigger picture question, but if you can give some color on what category and product groups, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Paul Maass: This is Paul. I will just hit on a couple of different things. From a top line perspective, confidence and modest growth, as we go through 2015, distribution gains, improved mix and gaining new profitable incremental business because we are in a much better position from a stable executing environment. What will help drive earnings growth is on the operational side, and Gary had mentioned in his script, the network optimization and some plant closures, the changes in our distribution network. These are really good projects, its really about taking one step back to take two steps forward. There are increased expenses in the short term, benefit us and position us to win long term, and we are accelerating that. Those are good products and -- projects and I could see the benefits on the long haul, and that's where -- we will push them through as fast as we can.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I will hand the conference back to you for final remarks, for closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in today's news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Food's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-03-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary M. Rodkin  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher Wright Klinefelter  Vice President-Investor Relations John F. Gehring  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tom McGough  President, Consumer Foods Paul T. Maass  President-Private Brands and Food Service Businesses 
Analysts:  Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan P. Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Akshay S. Jagdale  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Thilo Wrede  Jefferies LLC Jason M. English  Goldman Sachs & Co. David S. Palmer  RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexia Jane Howard  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse AG Greg Hessler  Bank of America Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and Ill be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen only mode, however our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question and answer session. At this time, Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Christopher Wright Klinefelter:  Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measure for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. Our comparable diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.62 which represents 13% growth, this is inline with revised expectations and we continue to expect comparable diluted EPS of $222 million to $225 million this fiscal year. While there are some operating headwinds in our segments as we discussed in mid February when we revised our fiscal 2014 EPS outlook, weve started to realize good SG&A efficiencies and we have line of sight to substantial SG&A savings over the next couple of years as we shared with you at CAGNY I will offer some high level remarks in each of our segments and then go into more detail in a couple of minutes. Within consumer foods volume was down 3%, price mix was flat and comparable profit was inline with year ago amounts. We expected the volume decline given the challenges we have with Orville Redenbachers, Healthy Choice and Chef Boyardee, and renew the topline challenges would weigh on profit, but *effective cost management helped us post a decent profit performance despite a soft topline. Some of our other brands are performing well and we will continue to invest in those parts of the portfolio with strong growth potential. I will share more depth on consumer foods, but first I want to provide a couple of headlines on commercial foods and Private Brands. Within commercial foods performance was largely as expected with comparable profit down 8% due to the potato crop and lower margins from a customer shift. And within Private Brands, the synergy capture from the acquisition is coming in a little ahead of target, which is clearly good news. We have been successfully working through some operational and customer service related issues as we previously explained, overall we are making gradual progress on the business to remain confident in our long-term Private Brand strategy. As we communicated last month we are intensely focused on significant improvements across our three business segments. And while there is ground to makeup, there are bright spots in each segment and the work we are doing now is intended to strengthen our prospects for long-term success. We remain committed to our earnings per share guidance for this fiscal year as well as our cash flow and debt reduction commitments. With regard to fiscal 2015 performance, we will say more about timing and amounts and all other relevant details when we have our fiscal 2014 fourth quarter earnings call in June. Now more on consumer foods. Our consumer foods segment posted sales of approximately $1.9 billion and operating profit of $266 million as reported. Sales declined as expected reflecting a 3% volume decrease in flat price mix compared to year-ago period. As you know we have some brands with challenges and I will touch on those in a minute, but thats not the full picture. We also have brands with dollar sales growth and market share gains for the quarter, including Slim Jim meat snacks, Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa, Reddi-wip Topping, Bertolli Frozen Meals and others. While we will continue to support a number of our brands with advertising such as Hunts Tomatoes, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip, PAM, Marie Callender's and others. Our intense focus is on being what we call perfect at retail. We believe that in this ultracompetitive market, getting the four piece right, meaning pricing, packaging, placement and promotion is especially critical. We offered a few examples of Perfect at Retail at CAGNY, and for the brands where were seeing growth and taking share our 4Ps are playing a big role. Within the three big brands that were working to turn around, Im talking about Healthy Choice; Chef Boyardee and Orville Redenbacher's. We have a specific action plans underway to stabilize and improve performance through product and packaging changes, focused messaging and more impactful in-store initiatives. Some of these changes will happen quickly and others will take place across the next several quarters. Net-net we expect to see better performance in aggregate across these three brands in F-15 and well keep you apprised. Of course we have other elements to our growth plans for Consumer Foods, we have a number of new products entering the market like PAM Cooking Spray with coconut oil and Bertolli toward us, with a more balanced investment plan than we did this fiscal year. Our focused programming on pot pies where our market share is high and weve got an advantage supply chain this is already help to drive growth in the Marie Callender's and Banquet businesses, were capitalizing on that demand trend with our Bertolli brand by using our pot pie capabilities to create Italian style Tortas, meat filled pies stuffed with ricotta, parmesan and mozzarella cheese inside a flaky pastry crust. Were also satisfying the consumer demand for pot pies and our strength in that platform with new flavors from Banquet and Marie Callender's such as Salisbury steak, deep dish pot pie from Banquet this demonstrates our ability to grow in already strong platform by leveraging our insights and capabilities. Moving on to segment profits comparable Consumer Foods operating profit was $270 million for the quarter inline with year ago amounts. On the top line decline rate on profitability several factors favorably contributed to the quarters profit performance including supply chain productivity initiatives that more than offset manageable inflation, lower incentives and a strong focus on SG&A related efficiencies. We also reduced advertising and promotion expense as we focused on efficiencies, and we balanced spending to strengthen and be more effective with promotional support where it made sense, we mentioned this as a plan earlier in the fiscal year. Within Commercial Foods our third quarter results were inline with what we expected, as weve discussed were dealing with a suboptimal potato crop, as well as a margin decline from a food service customer loss. Weve taken the margin hit on the customer shift this year so we should be pass that in fiscal 2015. And separately well be into a new potato crop in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Additionally we continue to see rapid growth in Lamb Westons International sales, which grew at a double-digit rate in the fiscal third quarter as we capitalized on international expansion of key customers. And our Milling business, sales declined reflecting the passthrough of lower wheat costs and lower volumes and profits increased on the basis of better mix and efficiencies. As we have said before we expect the Ardent Mills transaction to close in the second quarter of this calendar year. The Ardent JV will allow us to take part in financial gains of a more efficient Milling business without the sales volatility of a commodity oriented business in our base results. Review this as a long-term strategic win that will enhance ConAgra Foods shareholder value over time. Long-term we expect good accretion from the transaction making this a financially and strategically sound move. And of course a biggest strategic move it has been to dramatically expand our presence in Private Brands. We are pleased with the cost synergy identification and realization weve seen so far we are slightly ahead of our fiscal 2014 target of $30 million. However, as we conveyed in February, we are not satisfied with the fundamentals of our base business. We continue to work to stabilize the base business and our efforts to stabilize have included price concessions we have had to make this fiscal year to prevent further volume issues. Those concessions mean that the margins for the Private Brand segment will continue to be challenged for the next several quarters. There is no question this has been a period of fighting fires while working to establish a solid foundation with the right structure and focus. We continue to get positive feedback on the strategy and our opportunities from customers. For example with one major customer we increased our Private Brand sales by more than $20 million since the acquisition as we gained business and snacks and serial. With another customer weve recently gained business in three categories previously served by our competition and this customer as noted its own commitment the double-digit growth in their Private Brands business. So clearly there is still a lot of ground to makeup in areas that need to turnaround, but we shouldnt lose sight of the fact that there are some encouraging bright spots. And while we expect that the marketplace for Private Brands will continue to be very competitive just as it is for everyone in the Food business. We are confident that our model of offering scale and CPG capabilities in branded and Private Brands as a differentiated and winning proposition long-term. Now let me address a few questions some of you have been asking about how we plan to manage brands and Private Brands? Well continue to prioritize and resource our branded portfolio as our largest segment. We dont have much overlap among branded and Private Brand product lines and we plan for that to continue to be the case. Overlap will be the exception not the rule. Well leverage our assets and product lines together, where it makes sense to drive growth and create more efficiencies for our business and our customers. We are rewiring our organizations to become even more customer centric and working directly with retailers to develop products that fit their shoppers and their growth plans. And our growth agenda involves the right use of branded and private label items. We will continue to launch some branded new products nationally. We may launch other new branded items at particular customers, and well launch new Private Brand products on a customer-by-customer basis, one size wont fit all. Thats the exciting part about having a portfolio like we do. We have the agility and the capabilities of a broad portfolio and we will thoughtfully do whats best to deliver a win-win with each of our key customers. As we do that, I want to be very clear that we plan to manage our brand equities for long-term health. We will not jeopardize the long-term help of our brands for our margins. Ill wrap up by saying that our rich synergy pipeline, as well as improvement initiatives for each of our segments and our intense focus on efficiencies and cost reduction across our cost of good and SG&A expense areas, put us in a good position to resume quality growth as we get past these challenges for our segments. We believe the hard work were doing to configure a more effective and customer centric organization to leverage the breadth and scale of our portfolio will be worth it and we look forward to reporting on our progress in due course. Thanks for taking time to join the call today. Now, Ill turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Im going to touch on a number of topics this morning. First, Ill discuss our fiscal third quarter performance, next I will address comparability matters, then on the cash flow, balance sheet, and capital items, and I will close with some brief comments on our outlook. As Gary noted, the fiscal third quarter results were slightly better than we had anticipated due principally to lower SG&A, some of which is timing. Overall for the fiscal third quarter, we reported net sales of $4.4 billion, up 15% from the prior year. As a reminder, the prior year amounts included only a few weeks of Ralcorp activity due to the date of the transaction. And for the quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.58 versus $0.28 in the year-ago period. Diluted EPS adjusted for items impacting comparability were $0.62 versus $0.55 from the prior year quarter of 13% increase. While Gary has addressed our segment results I would also like to touch on a few points. Starting with our consumer foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.9 billion, about 4% below the year-ago period, reflecting a 3% decline in volume, flat price mix and a negative 1% impact from foreign exchange. Our consumer foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $270 million, inline with the year-ago period. The operating profit reflects the impact of lower net sales, modest inflation and effective cost savings as well as the benefit from lower incentives, marketing and other SG&A costs. Marketing costs decreased about $15 million, or about 13% from the prior-year quarter. On foreign exchange for this quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales by $16 million and operating profit by $6 million. Our consumer foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $49 million in the quarter. For the full fiscal year, we expect cost savings in this segment to be approximately $200 million. Approximately $30 million of additional cost savings will be reflected in other segments as a result of the change in our segment reporting structure. For the fiscal third quarter we experienced inflation of about 2%. In our commercial foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.5 billion, or about 1% below the prior-year quarter. The net sales declined reflects the pass through of lower wheat cost in our flour milling business, and sales declined in the legacy ConAgra Foods, food service unit formerly included in our consumer foods segment. These declines were partially offset by the addition of food service business previously reported in the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery segment, or which the year-ago quarter reflected limited activity. Net sales in this segment also reflects stronger volumes in our potato operations offset by lower net pricing. The commercial foods segments operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability decreased 8% from the year-ago period to $180 million. The year-over-year decrease reflects the expected decline in our Lamb Weston business, partially offset by the contribution from the food service business included in the Ralcorp acquisition and a modest net increase from other businesses in the segment including flour milling. Our Private Brands segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1.1 billion and operating profit excluding items impacting comparability of approximately $66 million inline with our revised expectations. The operating profit results reflect the impact of price concessions and volume softness across several categories. Also we are making good progress on both COGS and SG&A synergy initiatives and we are on track to achieve our synergy targets for fiscal 2014. Moving on to corporate expenses, for the quarter corporate expenses were $50 million, adjusting for items impacting comparability corporate expenses were $34 million versus $87 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year change was driven principally by lower incentive and pension costs and other operating cost reductions. The tax rate for this fiscal quarter was approximately 27%. The rate for this quarter was lower than planned driven by several favorable settlements and changes in estimates. Some of which are treated as items impacting comparability. Now, I will move on to my next topic. Items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.04 per diluted share of net expense in this quarters recorded diluted EPS from continuing operations related to several items. First, we recorded approximately $38 million or $0.06 per share of net expense related to integration and acquisition related and other restructuring costs in connection with our acquisition of Ralcorp. On hedging for the fiscal third quarter, the net hedging gain included in corporate expenses was approximately $52 million, or $0.08 per share. We also recognized a loss of $55 million or about $0.08 per share related to interest rate derivatives that were acquired several years ago as a hedge in anticipation of refinancing the $500 million or 5.875% debt that matures in April 2014. Based on an assessment of our debt repayment alternatives and consistent with our commitment to debt reduction, we have decided not to refinance this debt and have therefore recognized a loss on the interest rate hedges in the fiscal third quarter earnings versus deferring the loss over future years. The recognition of the loss has no impact on our previous cash flow estimates. In addition, we recorded a charge of approximately $17 million, or $0.02 per share related to an asset impairment in our commercial foods segment. And finally, we recorded a tax benefit of about $17 million, or approximately $0.04 per share, primarily resulting from an international tax settlement and additional benefits realized from a change in estimate related to tax methods used for certain International sales. Next Ill cover cash flow balance sheet and capitalize. First we ended the quarter with $239 million of cash on hand and about $140 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. For fiscal year 2014, we expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.4 billion, including a modest contribution from working capital improvement. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, capital expenditures increased to $139 million from $107 million in the prior year period reflecting the addition of Ralcorp businesses. And for fiscal year 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $625 million. Net interest expense was $95 million in the fiscal third quarter versus $71 million in the year ago quarter. The increase is driven by additional interest expense related to financing the Ralcorp acquisition. Dividends for the quarter increased from $101 million in the year ago quarter to $105 million due to the increase in shares outstanding. On capital allocation, our priority continues to be at a repayment of debt, as well as strengthening our credit metrics. Consistent with that priority, we currently expect to repay approximately $550 million of debt in fiscal 2014 and a total of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2015. This target excludes any additional repayment we expect to fund from cash proceeds related to the Ardent Mills transaction. For fiscal 2014, debt repayment will be concentrated in the fourth quarter, consistent with our historical seasonal cash flow pattern. As previously noted as we delever, we expect to maintain our current annual dividend at $1 per share and limit our share repurchase plan. This quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. And while we expect to limit M&A activity in the near-term as we focus on deleveraging and integration, we will continue to look for opportunities to strengthen our portfolio for the long-term, we will also continue to prudently invest behind innovation, production capacity, and our cost savings initiatives. Now Id like to share some comments on our fiscal 2014 full-year outlook. As we noted during our CAGNY presentation a few weeks ago, we expect that our full fiscal year diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluding items impacting comparability, will be in the range of $2.22 to $2.25. And while the third quarter EPS results were slightly better due to lower SG&A costs. We remain appropriately cautious about some of the short-term challenges we face over the balance of 2014, which is why our yearly guidance has not changed. As we have noted previously we are in the process of developing our plans for fiscal year 2015, while we are not in a position today to provide a detailed outlook for fiscal 2015. I would like to reiterate a few key points from my CAGNY Conference. First, on the top line, we are focused on solutions the top line challenges we have faced this year in each of our operating segments. Second on margins, we believe our strong supply chain productivity and our focus on SG&A efficiency and effectiveness will provide us with the opportunity to expand margins over time. While we do face some headwinds, such as the pace of margin recovery in Private Brands, Ardent Mills dilution and higher incentives. We continue to expect EPS growth for fiscal 2015, but we currently expect that it will be less than the double-digit rate we previously estimated. We will provide more specific comments about the fiscal 2015 outlook in connection with our fiscal 2014 year-end release when final plans have been completed. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now, we would like to get to an important part of todays call taking your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted via the telephone. (Operator Instructions) And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Good morning, everyone.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning, Andrew.
Christopher Wright Klinefelter:  Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Gary, I know you're not at a point yet as John mentioned where you are going to give fiscal 2015 guidance, but I think most street estimates have you  call it roughly 7% or 8% earnings growth for next year. I thought maybe it would be helpful just to go through a quick, maybe metal accounting of some of the puts and takes some of which John had mentioned as they  the ones that are kind of discrete that we know about today as it relate to 2015 and that can help isolate maybe where there is still less visibility on some of the core. But  so on tailwinds you've obviously got the ongoing productivity, youve got the incremental overhead work you are doing that you discussed at CAGNY. I think you may have an extra week in fiscal 2015, but you can correct me on that if I'm wrong? There are some synergies I think start to play out in a bigger way and you certainly got some easier comparisons on volume and as you mentioned youre kind of lapping the poor potato crop and the loss of their food service customer. I guess on the headwind side, you talked about the Ardent Mills JV dilution, some compensation expense increased and then I guess that leaves us with the sort of the base business and I guess what Im getting at is there anything major that Im missing on the sort of the puts and takes for next year? It would seem that youll have some flexibility as you mentioned there for some earnings growth even in the context of some weaker core businesses, but I guess we dont know this yet, but in terms of the core business are you sort of anticipating lets say volume trends in consumer and Private Brands can be roughly flattish for the year or getting to flat by the end of the year, but just trying to get a sense of if weve got these puts and types rights and what that leaves you with flexibility?
John F. Gehring:  All right, Andrew thats quite a comprehensive understanding of our business
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Thanks for bearing with me.
John F. Gehring: I applaud you for that. Lets be really clear, our challenges wont disappear on day one of the new fiscal year, but were making progress, you outlined a lot of that and well have a better year. Than we did this year, yes, we do have a 53 week next year. So thats certainly the plus. If we take a look at each of the three businesses, Id say Private Brands will make gradual progress. The operational and customer service issues are mostly behind us, our organization is getting more experience in the business, but we still will be dealing with a lot of the overlap of the pricing concessions that we made this year and continuing challenging market environment. On the consumer side, the three big problem brands that weve discussed will perform better in fiscal 2015, basically against a real maniacal focus on the core category users, some product and package changes, very targeted marketing. And then in commercial foods as you noted, Lamb Weston will have a  we expect to normalize the potato corp, well have that food service customer loss in our base and well continue to drive double-digit growth in the international. So Id say net net there is certainly are still some headwinds, particularly as you look at the Private Brand business, but net net well have a very  next year well give you more detail in the Q4 earnings call.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Great, thanks for your help.
John F. Gehring: Thank you.
Operator:  And well move now to David Driscoll with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning, this is Cornell for David.
John F. Gehring:  Good morning, Cornell.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Good morning, Cornell.
Unidentified Analyst:  Great, first just little positive looking to be one of the biggest parts of the Ralcorp private label portfolio. I wanted to know is this product line were  is this product line were most of the issues that you are having within private label occurring or the problems more generally spread across the portfolio?
Gary M. Rodkin:  Yes, I would describe it as more generally spread, the other parts of business is important category for us and we are very committed to improving that one as well. But everything that Gary described is  Id described it as more general across the whole portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then in terms of just going to Consumer Foods are straight promotion dollars now at levels that you being proper or where sales coming in a little bit soft in that segment during the quarter, do you think that you need to ramp up trade spending further on future quarters? And can you talk a little bit more about some of the tactical adjustments that you are taking to fix some of the troubled brands in consumer like Chef Boyardee, Orville and Wesson.
Tom McGough:  Sure, this is Tom McGough, several parts of your question. And let me kind of decompose into a couple factors, if you look at our Q3 volume performance 50% of our volume change was due to our change in consumption and 50% of the change with due to a shift in the Thanks Giving timing. And some volume that we will move with a shift in Q3, shift in Q2. So our underlying performances some like better than the 3%, when it comes to overall performance, the weaker consumption was a result of the three brands that we discussed, were executing some changes on these brands to be sharper in terms of our pricing promotion, getting our packaging our in-store condition is right thats the Perfect at Retail. Those type of changes are going to happened more quickly, while others are going to take place over several quarters, we expect the volume on those business to generally improve throughout FY15. And when you look at our business excluding those three challenged brands, the volume to the rest of the portfolio is actually grown in each of the last three quarters and we feel very confident that our marketing and our promotional programs are on target with those brands.
Operator: And well move now to a question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi, good morning everyone.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  John, just a question about free cash flow or operating cash flow, I guess for 2014, youre still looking at $1.4 billion for operating cash flow and then for 2015, I guess what you said at CAGNY was that you expected to be $1.6 billion or better so, I guess given that the sort of the earnings outlook for 2014 and for 2015 is below the original plan. How we bridge that the operating cash flow in 2014 more or less stay the same. And then were going to and then plan is to grow operating cash flow almost 15% next year, can you just sort of talk about some of the moving parts with an operating free cash flow and maybe potentially free cash flow.
John F. Gehring:  Yes, well obviously update this as we get into the  our full outlook. But Id say, couple of things that I would point to is that I think that cash flow committed to incentives in 2015 versus 2014, because those have paid in arrears we are going to have a pick up as we go into next year. I think we also see some working capital opportunities in certain parts of our business that will be working. And I think just some of the cash outlay we have in terms of one-time integration costs and those sorts of things will be smaller. So I think theres a number of factors there and as I said we will certainly be updating and providing more visibilities we get into next quarter.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  If the earnings had tracked to original plan with the operating cash flow generation actually be higher than it is. Just trying to get a sense for whether or not if you get into a more sort of normal or cope more inside the range of what you envisioned in terms of profitability whether the cash flow generation actually will be higher than these levels.
Gary M. Rodkin:  I think all things being equal as earnings go up, cash flow generally will tract, what it there can be some periodic disconnects, but over time we certainly would expect that to be the case.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets has our next question.
Jonathan P. Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about Ralcorp synergies specifically not only like where you stand right now, youve updated us on, but also, you made some structural changes to the business Gary at least versus what was original plan, may be brought in some costs for management and changed a way you are approaching things, have you changed your thought about how much synergy this candidates best incarnation produce and can you update us as to a sort of where we stand versus  maybe going forward.
John F. Gehring:  Yes, Jonathan this is John, let me take a short at that, I think as we said, I think weve talked about this first year, we capture about $30 million I think we feel good about being on track with probably be slightly above that. I think in terms of our target run rate by the end of fiscal 2017, I think we still feel good about the $300 million, I would note that separately as Gary has talked about we have talked about additional work around our business structure and SG&A effectiveness and efficiency and how we wired the organization and we will mind some additional benefits out of that, but as part of that pure synergy play we are talking about is really still had $300 million. And I will also note that most of that is going to be in the cost of goods supply chain area. So now will change there, but we still feel good and feel like were on track.
Jonathan P. Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: 
 :
John F. Gehring:  Yeah, let me take a shot now and maybe turn it over to Paul. I think as we look at synergies, were looking at how do we drive costs out of our inputs, our conversion, our distribution. And I think, we would expect those to track. I think the challenges we have in the business have been more in terms of top line and pricing.
Jonathan P. Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay.
Gary M. Rodkin:  So, I think the challenge for us is to continue deliver on that lower cost base. At the same time, we look at all of the other levers in the business to continue to rebuild those margins over time. And, again, as Gary indicated that will be a gradual process. But I dont want to say those two issues are not connected because theyre ultimately connected at the gross margin line in the business. But the synergies are really focused on costs not the numbers weve talked about our costs not the top line.
Paul T. Maass:  I might add a little just around a lot of focus on better customer execution sold to supply chain. I believe, there are a lot of synergies around the operational aspects of total network and were very focused on that. I think you did reference just the structure  organizational structure and more focus. And we believe that will absolutely payoff over time.
Jonathan P. Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Thank you. I will ask one detailed question. I know you probably are sensitive about your customer names, but the food service customer you lost, that is distributor or restaurant, can you tell us?
Paul T. Maass:  It was in the food service distribution arena.
Operator: And well take a question now from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, can you hear me?
Gary M. Rodkin:  Yes, we can. Good morning, Akshay. Good morning.
John F. Gehring: Yes, good morning.
Akshay S. Jagdale  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, good morning. So and my question is on Private Brands, and Im just trying to understand in that business specifically, what are the structural issues that youre dealing with that perhaps are going to take a longer time to fix relative to, lets say the previous management team? And then what are some of the more operational issues? And if you could help us quantify some of that just roughly that would be great, because it seems to us from the numbers we are looking at and whatever we have to compare which is when you bought this business, the previous management team had it running at a $100 million in EBIT for a quarter. And the latest quarter you reported was 50%, 60% below that in spite of benefit from synergies. You are talking about price concessions and things of that short, but the magnitude of the deterioration in the business it is so severe that Im having a hard time understanding what part of that is structural and what part of that is operational issues that you can fix and if you can give some color on categories that would be very helpful? Thanks.
John F. Gehring:  Yes, Akshay this is John. Let me start with just making sure we are clear on one thing which is we have now changed our operating segments in a way we report our business. So the businesses that we acquire from Ralcorp are now spread throughout three operating segments we operate today. So its not as simple as looking at legacy Ralcorp financial statements and in comparing it to the Private Brand segments because those pieces have been reorganized and split up. So that comparison isnt to a comparison. Clearly there have been some challenges in the center of the store Private Brand business that we acquired, that largely as part of our Private Brands business now, but I just want to make sure we are clear that that comparison is not the right one. I will turn it over to Paul now maybe just comment on some of the issues in the business that he is working on.
Paul T. Maass:  Yes, you know maybe just a little bit on the environment itself, so the backdrop has some commodity deflation, increased merchandising commercial activity by the brands. Our short-term executional challenges that I would clearly linked to just the challenges of integrating two companies together, so thats kind of the backdrop that increased the kind of the contracting bid activity with customers, we saw in an normally high level of that in the short-term and I would say we are through a lot of that, and really focused on stabilization and improving margins as we go forward.
John F. Gehring:  So Akshay, youll get all three of us here, thats a really important question and clearly we are not happy and satisfied with our overall results in this business, but importantly we need to remember this is a long-term play. Private Brands for all of the reasons weve talked about we believe will absolutely be a long-term growth sector in the industry and long-term we are advantaged scale, breadth, capabilities none of these advantages have thus far come into play, not yet. In this  honestly in this year one weve been back on our yields like Paul talked about. Its all been about price, but as we get a more solid foundation with our customers and frankly our own organization. Well bring these competitive advantages to bear in over time this will absolutely change this is a transformation and frankly its a lot more complex than just a normal integration because of that, the long-term strategy sound. 
Operator: And well move now to Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede  Jefferies LLC:  [indiscernible]
Gary M. Rodkin:  We are having difficulty hearing you.
Thilo Wrede  Jefferies LLC: Can you hear me now?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes.
Thilo Wrede  Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Good morning this is Scott [indiscernible] for Thilo. Just a couple of questions around the inflation outlook, what was the outlook, and is there any impact from the California job expected.
John F. Gehring:  Yes, this is John, what I tell you is that as we look for the balance of this year we expect inflation to continue to be in the 1% or 2% range, I would say as it relates to the next year, were not going to commit to final estimate, yet until we go through, the rest of our work obviously given some of the recent volatility especially in proteins. And if you reference California we have some exposure obviously with the tomatoes, youre a bit more cautious about this for 2015, but I think well continue to evaluate those brands as we finalize our plans.
Thilo Wrede  Jefferies LLC: Okay, great and then a follow-up in terms of the CapEx and the interest expense guidance why the change and what are you planning to do with the incremental upside from the expected lower interest expense thanks.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Im not sure our interest expense outlook has changed all that dramatically for this year. CapEx I think our CapEx call for the fiscal 2014 is probably down about $25 million. And again I dont know that thats going to drive any significant change in any of our capital allocation, given our focus on debt repayment.
Christopher Wright Klinefelter:  This is Chris, I would just consider those refinement as we get further in the year to original estimates. 
Operator: Now well take a question now from Goldman Sachs, Jason English.
Jason M. English  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Hey, good morning folks, thanks for the question.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning.
Jason M. English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: I too want to focus back on the Private Brand side, so Paul I guess the question for you. If you think about your contract position do you have on retailers in the volume expectations associated with that clearly this time last year, they would have been going lower on the contract losses or they now moving higher off of the bottom and if so sort of when we will cycle that bottom.
Paul T. Maass:  Just to make sure, Im Paul, and you are talking about volume decline, volume expectations going forward.
Jason M. English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, pretty much.
Paul T. Maass:  Yes. So, weve been navigating through what I said in abnormally high contracting bid equation and it is driven by those things I referenced earlier. I would describe that as more normalized. And as we go forward it will be a gradual improvement and focusing the organization very heavily on margin improvement is the real key as we go through FY2015.
Jason M. English  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Well, lets drill down on that a little bit more than because clearly the margins are quite low for the business now. What is  what are the components that help you recover on a go forward in light sort of pricing concessions, youre having to make to stabilize this business?
Paul T. Maass:  Yes, I think in the customer facing piece, pricing mix, distribution gains really driven by leveraging in our insights category management capabilities is critical. And we recognize that will help on the customer side. A lot of focus on operations and supply chain of the network optimization is something that it does take time, but were committed to and believe that there is leverage there, the combination of the Ralcorp acquisition with the legacy ConAgra Foods platform. The combination of the two, that there is benefit that we have there. We just have to aggressively get executed.
Gary M. Rodkin:  And Jason, this is Gary, I would also go back again and say, weve been back on our heels. So, weve been in an extreme reactive mode. We have to get to the point as we stabilize, which we gradually will to be much more proactive with our customers gain their confidence and credibility with our customers, take us out of as many bit situations. I see that clearly coming and when that happens we will be able to improve our margins because it wont be about that last tenth of a penny any every time. Right now, frankly I hate to admit it but it is thats going to change over time. So, when we put all those elements together that Paul talked about in that over time, clearly we will start to see margin improvement and I expect to see that start to happen sometime next year.
Operator:  We'll move now to David Palmer with RBC Capital.
David S. Palmer  RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Thanks and good morning. Earlier in the fiscal year, you would lean harder on innovation in advertising, you shifted more of your dollars back to promotion, you can correct me, if I am wrong on this, but as TV ad spendings down in the quarter. Could you talk about the adjustments that youve made within the fiscal year and whats working and whats not working thats as you do that?
Tom McGough:  Sure David. This is Tom McGough. We look at our portfolio in two segments. The three fix and grow brands that we discussed. Our plan there is to focus on three components. One getting the fundamentals right, youve heard Gary talk about being a Perfect at Retail. Thats more than just price and promotion its a product, the package, the placement in store. We are making those changes now and well be flowing those in. The second component, the balance of our portfolio is actually growing net of those three brands. And we feel that we struck the right balance between the consumer pole, the merchandizing push, we feel we have the right balance on those businesses. And we focused our attention on getting the fundamentals right on the first  on those three fix and grow brands and being more competitive in driving our brand preference.
Operator: We have a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC:  Good morning, everyone.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Good morning.
John F. Gehring: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC:  So I wanted to ask question about the Millennial consumers, you mentioned I think at CAGNY the recruiting younger consumer is a challenge for those three big brands. Which other brands can you use to target that demographic and is it possible to renovate those brands to attract these consumers, or is it really just more a matter of managing the volume down on those third products over the time? Thank you.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Yes, Alexia, I think some of our brands do certainly have some play with Millennial is clearly a brand like Alexia, which Im sure you would like.
Alexia Jane Howard  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC:  I know it well.
Gary M. Rodkin:  That definitely has some pull there, I would also tell you a number of places in our Private Brand business. That is clearly one that Millennials are open to that would be another place for many of the categories we plan and frankly primarily on the male side, but not exclusively Slim Jim plays extremely well with Millennials and that brand is doing very, very well. So we do have some brand, but I would tell you the core businesses, those three that you mentioned. We are going to go after the core users and well pick some Millennials up along the way through as most things, but it wont be our focus.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse AG: Hi, thank you.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Good morning.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse AG: Gary, thank you for the clarity on the issue that I think you raised at CAGNY about how to manage a hybrid business between brand and private label, and I think you mentioned the word being agnostic and I think youve provided some good specifics here about what the guard rails are. But I guess Im still a little bit interested in what you meant when you said that you would launch branded products that would be specific to retailers. I think what Ive seen at times are when retailers put their brand and then in conjunction there is a national brand on the label as well, are you exploring that? And then lastly maybe, have you thought further about the possibility or where you would and wouldnt introduce private label versions of your own brands? Thanks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Rob, I would tell you that Im going let Tom give you a few specific examples about some brands that have been launched at particular customers. Just conceptually we want to really as weve said, the very customer centric and recognized that the customers are very interested in whats going to sell with their shoppers, and when they get behind that, thats the most powerful mechanism more than any kind of marketing that we could do on our own, when they give us that kind of support. So *there are times and again exception rather than rule, where we might layout an opportunity for a major customer only, when there is a big enough size of price that in a particular category, where we might not play in that very specific segment that we might be willing to go on the Private Brand side or let them go on the branded side, but again, exception not the rule, but Tom want to talk about a few specifics.
Tom McGough:  Sure. Theres three things that come to mind. If you look at the channels that are growing the fastest, whether its a club channel, dollar channel, you have to be able to customize your offering to have the right price product package to fit that format. And one example of that would be on PAM Cooking Spray for us to compete more effectively in the club channel, we are moving forward with an extra virgin olive oil product that is right in the bull's eye of those club customers. We will also look at how we can take a brand like Wolf Chili. Weve actually made a take house style variety thats customized to the consumers within a particular class of trade. And then we talked about and we showcased that CAGNY the Bertolli Italian tortas. Thats a product that we have an ability to customize our varieties across class of the trade to fit that offering to that particular concentrate.
Operator: And we have a question now from Bank of America, Greg Hessler.
Greg Hessler  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks for the taking the question.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Good morning, Greg.
Greg Hessler  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to just go back to free cash flow just looking through the guidance for the full-year at $1.4 billion and whats you guys are expecting in terms of CapEx. Im getting to call $350 million or so our free cash flow in the fourth quarter, so Im just wondering how you bridge the gap on the debt reduction getting to that $950 million number for the full-year?
John F. Gehring:  Yes, Greg this is John. I would say this year I think as Ive commented on several occasions we will expect to use some of our offshore cash this year as well as some proceeds weve generated from sales of non-core assets those will be sources of cash this year that well utilize to achieve our goal. So that probably the major part of the bridge.
Operator: And well take a follow-up question now from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking the follow-up. My question is on repositioning your product portfolio even more. And then why not just take a few of your larger consumer brands and monetize themselves and get back a little bit faster on the M&A bandwagon on the private label side. It seems to me that markets valuing you stock like your consumer business is always going to be structurally challenged and has very low brand equity and you cant really *own the stock for private label growth and not because of the issues you are having on your base business, but because your hands are tied on the M&A. So is that something you might consider as to *prune your consumer portfolio little bit more pay down debt faster and sort of start with the M&A a little bit faster than you decided to on Private Brands? Thank you.
John F. Gehring:  Yes, Akshay Im not  we are not going to speculate on things we might buy or sell at any point in time. What I would tell you as I think we consistently and continually look at our portfolio and as youve seen us well follow just for a while, that we do make moves with our portfolio from time-to-time, we continue to evaluate it, but at this point we are pretty pleased with what we have, but again we will continue to refine it and improve that as we can.
Akshay S. Jagdale  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great, thanks.
Operator: And we will take another follow-up from David Palmer.
David S. Palmer  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, question for Paul it looks like the Asia food service, China food service trends were already growing double-digits in that quarter, are you seeing a nice acceleration in that business even through the quarter as perhaps some of those leading changed over there or healing after the issues they had last year.
Paul T. Maass:  Yes, thanks David. Our Lamb Weston international business is growing above double-digit and so were pleased with that  thats helping and I just would say kind of the overall outlook in those regions feels like its headed in a more improving and more positive outlook and have worked through a lot of those challenges that they had faced.
David S. Palmer  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Yes. Thanks David. 
Operator: And we have a follow-up now from Bryan Spillane.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi, thanks. Hey, John just following up on the cash flow question again, can you just highlight for us cash restructuring costs what you are expecting for 2014, what you are expecting for 2015, and then also I guess maybe what 2014 is today versus what youre thinking before, again just cash restructuring costs.
John F. Gehring: I do not have that at my finger tips I have to go back and look it. I think the proxy for that probably go back and look at the comparability of items over the year, and if I get pretty close, as it relates to mix shift clearly we would expect those costs as it relates to the integration of Ralcorp to continue to decline. And I have talked previously about our efficiency and effectiveness restructuring over the next couple of years not being more than $80 million over the next couple of years.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  So part of the increase in operating cash flow 2014 to 2015 will should be that we would see less or a lower level of cash restructuring cost?
John F. Gehring: Yes. I think thats generally the trend we would expect.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, fine.
John F. Gehring: And again, just to be clear fiscal 2013 incentives, where we had a strong year of fiscal 2013 those incentives were high, those were paid out in fiscal 2014, fiscal 2014 incentives are lower, those get paid out in fiscal 2015 so you can probably estimate some math there that create some tailwind beginning the year.
Bryan D. Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great. Thank you.
Gary M. Rodkin:  Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, Ill hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Christopher Wright Klinefelter:
. :
 :
 :
Operator: This concludes todays ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you, again, for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-12-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas M. McGough - President of Consumer Foods Group Paul T. Maass - President of Private Brands and Foodservice Businesses
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Anna A. Aldrich - Cambiar Investors, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Happy holidays, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measure for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. I'll start today with an overview of ConAgra Foods as a whole and then share more specifics on each of our new business segments. We're very pleased to be able to deliver year-over-year growth in EPS, up 9% on a comparable basis. To be clear, that's ahead of what we were expecting for the second quarter. Our stronger-than-planned EPS for the quarter reflects a better-than-expected profit performance from our Consumer Foods segment, which I'll say more about in a minute. After our first quarter performance, we needed to take some corrective actions to improve our performance, and we did that. But some of the quarter's EPS growth is timing, meaning a shift across quarters. In essence, we got some results in the second quarter that we originally planned to occur early in the third quarter. Given this timing shift and several short-term issues, we're appropriately cautious about our second half of the year and sticking with the prior fiscal 2014 EPS guidance despite the over-delivery in Q2. We believe that's the prudent approach in today's environment. This still represents good year-over-year EPS growth in the back half, and we're committed to delivering it. Keep in mind, our guidance represents 8% to 10% growth over last year. Now I'll go into some detail on our 3 business segments. As a reminder, the integration of the former Ralcorp business has led us to the decision to segment our financial reporting differently. The new segments represent how we think about and manage our business. This is the first quarter we're reporting results under these new segments. The details of that are in our earnings release, and John will address the changes, in his remarks, we'll be making today and on a go-forward basis about our new Consumer Foods, Commercial Foods and Private Brands business segments. Within the new Consumer Foods segment, sales were flat due to flat volumes and flat price/mix. The sequential volume improvement is good to see. And while some of the merchandising programs we launched during the quarter worked well, we're attributing a good part of the sequential volume improvement to more normalized inventory positions at certain retail customers, who were rebuilding some previously reduced inventories. Some of this is in connection with the holiday season. We feel good about our merchandising strategies and believe the sharper pricing architecture we're deploying is on target, but we are very aware that consumption trends in a few categories remain soft. We posted double-digit comparable operating profit growth in Consumer Foods. While sequential volume improvement was important, the comparable profit growth largely reflects manageable inflation, effective cost of goods productivity initiatives and SG&A reductions. The SG&A savings include reduced advertising and promotion costs, reflecting heavy investment a year ago and, now, more focus on spending productivity. Keep in mind, we have a focused effort to redeploy some advertising into merchandising investment as we navigate the current competitive environment and as we focus on productivity. And we're starting to see the results. Looking ahead, marketplace conditions indicate ongoing challenges. Retailers are adjusting their plans for programs, merchandising and category emphasis on a more frequent basis. And that, of course, impacts us and the rest of the industry, resulting in some choppiness. We're fully committed to ongoing smart merchandising programs with customers, and we're seeing that strategy positively impact some important categories in our frozen snacks and shelf-stable grocery businesses. However, we believe the right thing to do is to be conservative in our estimates for payoffs from these programs for the near term. For more context, we have a few of our bigger brands that continue to perform below expectations. I'm talking about Chef Boyardee, Orville Redenbacher's and Healthy Choice. And these are weighing on our full Consumer Foods year volume. We are very focused on thinking differently and are more rigorously addressing each of these brands, but we aren't forecasting much change over the next quarter or 2. We like what we've seen in some other areas of the business, specifically Hunt's and Ro*Tel Tomatoes, and key holiday items, like Reddi-wip and Marie Callender desserts. And we're encouraged by some very strong individual brand performances across the portfolio. To summarize, we currently project Consumer Foods volumes to be slightly down for the back half of the year, which means the full year volume will be down slightly. As John will highlight, we expect to achieve our full year EPS even with the Consumer Foods volumes down a bit. When we put our revised goals together, we knew the top line might be challenging. That's been part of our thinking all along with our revised goals. However, we continue to be confident we will grow Consumer Foods operating profits for the full year, driven by a combination of more favorable inflation rates and ongoing cost savings and productivity initiatives. Next, I'll cover our Commercial Foods segment, where sales grew primarily due to the Ralcorp acquisition and the fact that the former Ralcorp Bakery results for the foodservice channel are now in this segment. Profit was down about 9% on a comparable basis, reflecting the loss of business from one large customer at Lamb Weston, which we talked about last quarter. We are clawing some of that back, having picked up incremental business with other customers, and feel confident that, over the long term, we'll get it all back. We're seeing double-digit international sales growth at Lamb Weston, although the growth has not been quite as strong as we planned. Some headwinds in Asia have hung on for a bit longer than anticipated. While we feel good about growth prospects, both domestically and internationally, in Lamb Weston, we do have a profit challenge that came to light as this year's potato crop was harvested. Some unusual adverse growing conditions impacted the crop and created potatoes that are not optimal for processing efficiencies. And that means our margins for the next few quarters from Lamb Weston will not be quite as strong as we anticipated. Within ConAgra Mills, the pass-through of lower wheat prices negatively impacted sales. However, profits were in line with year-ago amounts, reflecting operating efficiencies and improved product mix. All of the remaining businesses in Commercial Foods delivered as planned in the quarter, and the legacy Ralcorp Frozen Bakery business transitioned smoothly and performed as expected this quarter. We announced during the quarter a brief update on our pending Ardent Mills joint venture. As a reminder, we plan to contribute our milling operations, which are part of the Commercial Foods segment, into a joint venture with Cargill and CHS, called Ardent Mills, where we will have 44% ownership. We believe this is a long-term strategic win in terms of customer supply chain solutions, efficiencies, expanded innovation capabilities and, of course, profits. We are now expecting the transaction to be completed in the first quarter of calendar 2014, as opposed to earlier plans, which called for it to close this calendar year. We revised the timeline due to various reasons, including the ongoing regulatory review process and discussions with the U.S. Department of Justice. Forming this venture will also provide us with cash to accelerate our debt repayment. We expect this joint venture to be accretive to our EPS in a couple of years, as we've said before. All in all, we're shaping our Commercial business to continue its customer-centric focus and offer products and services with strong growth prospects. We've done quite a bit of rewiring within this segment to take advantage of the leadership and capabilities within both ConAgra Foods and the former Ralcorp business, and we believe we're in a good position to capture growth domestically and internationally. In our third segment, Private Brands, we've taken key steps to organize in a way that sets us up for long-term success. As you know, this segment is largely made up of a significant portion of the former Ralcorp business. And we've also included in this segment a private brand business that we had before acquiring Ralcorp, businesses that were previously part of Consumer Foods. Sales and profits for Private Brands are not quite as strong as we planned. To be very transparent, our volume recovery is taking longer than expected. As we've discussed before, there were pricing and service issues prior to and during the early transition, which impacted volumes. We've made significant progress on both issues but we're still a work in progress for the next 6 months or so. Let me be clear, we are very confident in our ability to substantially improve the top and bottom line performance of this segment. Private Brands will be a catalyst for growth at ConAgra Foods. As we talked about last quarter, we have been intensely focused on building the right customer-facing structure and filling critical sales positions, and we have leadership and sales focus in place for 6 distinct businesses within Private Brands now. Service levels are getting better across this business and close to target levels. We're also gradually adjusting our price points in key categories in the marketplace. During the quarter, we officially launched our new sales organization and galvanized roles, coordination and assignments across the company. Customers have been positive about our newly integrated sales teams. These teams are aligned with customer needs and designed to simplify the customer interaction with us across branded and private brand products. Having one voice to the customer will enable us to be the strategic partner customers are looking for. This is critically important and will gain traction over time. We continue to have extremely positive meetings with customers, particularly on the product innovation in the Private Brands space. And we have launched product development work with a number of key customers that we'll talk about in the months ahead. All of this strongly confirms the long-term strategic benefit of our portfolio approach. We continue to be committed to delivering $0.25 of accretion in EPS this fiscal year from the Ralcorp deal. And we also remain committed to our short-term and longer-term synergy estimates, which are on track to deliver. Just as a reminder, the accretion and synergy benefits will show up across all of our business segments. In closing, we're on track for our fiscal 2014 EPS commitments, meaning a year of 8% to 10% growth, despite a continued challenging environment that has been a bit difficult to forecast. While some drivers and timing of our performance are a bit different now than our earlier plans, we're confident in the earnings outlook. We understand the levers we have to pull to deliver, given our focus on cost savings, synergies, strong customer partnerships and overall execution. I firmly believe we're setting up ConAgra Foods for long-term success, despite some bumps in the road, and that we're in a great position to deliver our fiscal 2015 to 2017 EPS and synergy targets. And as we look ahead, we'll use our unique position in the food industry, with our breadth and scale across branded, private branded and foodservice, to drive growth. I'm confident in the capabilities we continue to build and our willingness to do what it takes to transform our company. We are realistic about the challenges in our industry, and proactively working to ensure our capabilities, cost structure and portfolio set us up for long-term success, which is reflected in our algorithm. Thanks again for joining us today, and happy holidays, everyone. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, and happy holidays to everyone. I'm going to touch on a number of topics this morning: first, I'll provide a brief overview of our new reporting segment structure; then I'll discuss our fiscal second quarter performance; next, I'll address comparability matters; then onto cash flow, balance sheet and capital items, including some added color on our approach to integration and restructuring; I will also provide some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2014; and finally, I will address the California lead paint lawsuit that has been in the news this week. This quarter, we completed the transition to our new reporting segments. In connection with the acquisition and integration of Ralcorp, we have realigned all of our business units into 3 new operating segments: Consumer Foods, Commercial Foods and Private Brands. Let me quickly summarize the changes, which are also detailed on Page 7 of the release, starting with the new Consumer Foods segment. This segment includes substantially all of our consumer branded businesses. It also includes a small international business that was previously part of the Ralcorp Food Group segment. The new Commercial Foods segment includes the Lamb Weston, ConAgra Mills, Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and J.M. Swank businesses and certain foodservice businesses previously included in the Consumer Foods and Ralcorp Frozen Bakery products segments. And the new Private Brands segment includes our consumer, private branded food previously included in the Ralcorp Food Group segment and the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery product segment, as well as the store brands business previously managed within the Consumer Foods segment. All prior periods presented have been reclassified to reflect the new segment structure. Next, I'd like to share some comments on our second quarter performance. As Gary noted, overall, the fiscal second quarter results were better than we had anticipated, largely due to a stronger close to the quarter, primarily in our Consumer Foods segment. Specifically, volume trends strengthened considerably during the last month of the quarter due to a couple of factors. First, we have seen a stronger recovery in inventory levels at certain customers, which favorably impacted our shipments. And overall, we had very good holiday shipments this season, and more of them occurred in the second quarter this year due to customer plans and the compressed time frame between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Overall, for the second quarter, we reported net sales of $4.7 billion, up 27%, driven primarily by Ralcorp, which was not included in the prior year sales due to the date of the acquisition. For the quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.54 versus $0.52 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.62 versus $0.57 in the prior quarter -- prior year quarter, a 9% increase. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few points, starting with our new Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $2 billion, in line with the year-ago period, reflecting flat volumes and flat price/mix, as well as a small contribution from the addition of Ralcorp international sales. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $293 million or about 11% higher than the year-ago period. The operating profit improvement reflects the flat volumes, modest inflation and effective cost savings, as well as the benefit from lower marketing and SG&A costs. Marketing costs decreased about $19 million or about 15% from the prior year quarter. And the prior year quarter did reflect a significant level of investment. A portion of the decrease was successfully redeployed to support increased merchandising programs. On foreign exchange, for this quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted net sales and operating profit by approximately $12 million and $3 million, respectively. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $50 million in the quarter. For the full fiscal year, we expect cost savings in this segment to be approximately $200 million. Approximately $30 million of additional savings will be reflected in other segments as a result of the new reporting structure. For the fiscal second quarter, we experienced inflation of about 2%. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.6 billion or 3% above the prior year quarter. The increase reflects the addition of foodservice business previously reported in the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery product segment. Due to the timing of the acquisition, this business is not reflected in the year-ago amounts. This increase was partially offset by the pass-through of lower wheat costs in our flour milling business. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, decreased 9% from the year-ago period to $178 million. The year-over-year decrease reflects the expected decline in our Lamb Weston business, partially offset by the contribution from the foodservice business included in the Ralcorp acquisition. Operating income from the other businesses in the segment, including flour milling, were about flat to the year-ago period. Our Private Brands segment delivered net sales for the quarter of $1.1 billion. And operating profit, excluding items impacting comparability, was approximately $91 million, slightly below our expectations. The operating profit results reflect volume softness across several categories, consistent with some of the trends we've seen across the broader consumer foods industry. And while we are making progress on our integration plans and we are bullish on the long-term top and bottom line growth opportunity in this segment, the timing of improvement in volume trends and from operations this fiscal year is behind our original plans. Nonetheless, we remain on track to deliver approximately $0.25 per share of accretion for the full fiscal year from the Ralcorp acquisition. Also, we are making good progress on both COGS and SG&A synergy initiatives, and we are on track to achieve our synergy targets. Moving on to corporate expenses. For the quarter, corporate expenses were $106 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $68 million versus $65 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year change reflects the addition of Ralcorp corporate expense, offset by lower base operating costs, including pension costs and incentives. The tax rate for this fiscal quarter was approximately 34%. Now I'll move on to my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.08 per diluted share of expense in this quarter's reported diluted EPS from continuing operations related to several items. First, integration, acquisition-related restructuring and transaction costs, principally related to our acquisition of Ralcorp. In all, we recorded approximately $35 million or $0.05 per share of net expense related to these acquisition matters. On hedging, for the fiscal second quarter, the net hedging expense included in corporate expenses was approximately $9 million or $0.01 per share. In addition, we recorded approximately $9 million or $0.01 per share related to an asset impairment in our Commercial Foods segment and approximately $3 million or $0.01 per share of expense related to the remeasurement of a pension liability at an international potato venture. Next, I'll cover cash flow, balance sheet and capital items. First, we ended the quarter with $193 million of cash on hand and $230 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. For fiscal year 2014, we expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.6 billion, including a modest contribution from working capital improvement. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $151 million versus $81 million in the prior year period. And for fiscal year 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $650 million. Net interest expense was $95 million in the fiscal second quarter versus $53 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is driven by the additional interest expense related to financing the Ralcorp transaction. Dividends for the quarter increased from $97 million in the year-ago quarter to $106 million due to the increase in shares outstanding. On capital allocation, our priority over the next couple of years continues to be the repayment of debt, as well as strengthening our credit metrics. Consistent with that priority, we currently expect to repay approximately $600 million of debt in fiscal 2014 and a total of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2015. These amounts exclude any additional repayment that we expect to fund from the cash proceeds related to the Ardent Mills transaction. As previously noted, as we delever, we expect to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share and limit our share repurchase plans. This quarter, we did repurchase approximately $69 million of shares, funded principally from the option exercise proceeds received over the last few quarters. And while we expect to limit M&A activity in the near term as we focus on deleveraging and integration, we will continue to consider opportunities to improve our portfolio. We will also continue to prudently invest behind innovation, production capacity and our cost-savings initiatives. During the fiscal second quarter, we did complete 2 small transactions: first, we divested our Lightlife business, and the results for Lightlife for the fiscal second quarter and all prior periods are classified as discontinued operations; and second, we purchased certain dessert production assets from a former co-manufacturing partner primarily supporting our Marie Callender's dessert business. The net cash and earnings impact of these transactions is immaterial. On the restructuring, we continue to develop our restructuring plans. While I don't yet have extensive financial details, I would like to address several aspects of these plans. First, on the scope of our plans. In connection with the Ralcorp acquisition, we have taken several actions to affect the integration and capture early synergies related to both cost of goods and SG&A. In addition to these initial integration efforts, we are also in the process of identifying opportunities to achieve sustainable reduction in supply chain and administrative costs across our entire enterprise to improve competitiveness and support investments in growth. These efforts will include a more holistic approach to manufacturing and distribution network optimization, as well as administrative efficiency and effectiveness. Given the scale and size of our company with the addition of Ralcorp, we believe we have significant opportunities to improve our competitiveness by looking beyond the initial scope of our integration plans. And let me address a few financial aspects. First, to date, our Board of Directors has approved approximately $200 million of onetime restructuring costs, including about $45 million of noncash charges. These costs are principally related to the Ralcorp integration. As we expand the scope of the plan, we do expect to increase our estimates of onetime costs, both cash and noncash, that we expect to incur over the next several years. Second and most importantly, we expect to design our plans in a manner that will not materially impact our ability to repay debt or reinvest in the business. Overall, we are confident that, given our cash flow and our disciplined approach to capital allocation, we can improve our competitiveness, as well as our balance sheet strength, over the next several years. We expect to provide more financial details on this broader scope once these details have been determined and approved, and we will provide a further update during our CAGNY presentation in February. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2014 full year outlook. We continue to expect that our full fiscal year diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding items impacting comparability, will be in the range of $2.34 to $2.38. And we are still expecting a very strong second half of the year in terms of EPS growth. While the stronger performance in the second quarter will provide us some tailwind for the full year, our current outlook also reflects some of the challenges that Gary and I have referenced. In summary, we are pleased with the results in the fiscal second quarter and the progress we've made after a slow start to the year, but we remain appropriately cautious about some of the short-term challenges we face over the balance of fiscal 2014. We continue to feel good about our long-term algorithm and our capital allocation goals and how the business is positioned to perform over the next few years after this year of transition. Before I conclude and we open it up for questions, I would like to provide some comments on a matter that is unrelated to our current operations or performance. I know that some of you have seen the recent news about the California lead paint case and are probably wondering how and why our company is even mentioned, much less cited as part of a proposed $1.1 billion judgment that is joint and several with 2 other companies. First, let me say that we have never been in the paint business. We are named because of a company we bought in 1990, Beatrice, which had, about 25 years prior to our acquisition, sold a company that made paint. I don't offer that simply to demonstrate how ridiculous it is that we are a party but also because it will play a role in the legal appeals process. As you probably know, we've been involved in other state cases against paint companies. You can find disclosure about those cases in our public filings. It's important to note that, to date, we have been successful in every lawsuit in which we've been involved. With respect to this California case, we believe the wrong outcome has occurred, and we will appeal the decision. We will continue to vigorously defend ourselves in this matter because we simply do not believe that we inherited any of the liabilities of the paint company I previously mentioned. The assets of that entity were sold, and the entity itself was dissolved in 1968, long before we owned Beatrice. Importantly, we'll also be appealing on other substantive legal grounds, including the public nuisance theory itself. We know that this is a topic of interest to many of you and that it's complex. So instead of getting into more discussion on this call, I'll refer you to a website, www.leadlawsuits.com, which has a good amount of information about all the cases, as well as some thoughts on where the California court went wrong. As far as next steps, we expect that the appeals process is going to take several years to resolve. We have also notified our insurance carriers and would resort to our policies if ultimately necessary. That's all I'll say on this topic this morning, but we will keep you apprised of significant developments. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your time and interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two questions, if I can. First, Gary, about how much did the pull-forward of volume in the fiscal second quarter impact Consumer Foods volume and EPS? And the reason I ask is both to judge what 3Q volume could look like, and also get a sense if there's anything we can take away from this quarter's Consumer volume that helps us get more rather than less comfortable with the back half. And then I've just got a follow-up on Private Brands.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Andrew, I'm not sure -- in terms of exactly how much, I'm not sure we can really break it down that way. Clearly, there was some shift between Q3 and Q2, but I'm not sure we can cite a specific number. I would say that there is a portion that's a shift, and there is a portion that probably creates a little bit of tailwind to offset some of the issues later in the year.
Chris Klinefelter: And this is Chris. I'm sorry, I'll build and just say that, although we won't get into firm numbers, we were originally planning for Consumer Foods volumes to be down slightly, low single-digit rate, coming in flat, and that difference is attributable to all the things that Gary talked about in his remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, also, I just want to let everybody know my voice sounds a bit like a frog, it's because I've got a cold. So I'm glad that you're not here for me to spread it to you. But it really was a little bit of a pull forward. All it was, was we got it at the very end of Q2, instead of the very beginning of Q3, so that's about the extent of it.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So we want to make sure, obviously, we -- I'm assuming we keep that in mind, obviously, when we think about Consumer Foods volume in the third quarter just because the takeaway that we all see in scanner and whatnot is obviously still not where I think any of us would want it to be.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you on that, we will start to see that improve, and we'll -- and we believe that we'll see the consumption and the shipments pretty much merge over the second half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on Private Brands, assuming that the rest of the year plays out across the business as you expect, I still feel like the Private Brands piece is in a little bit of a black hole to investors, particularly given how the numbers have been reclassified this quarter. I guess, what are some of the specific benchmarks maybe we can look to or that you can provide for us maybe over the next 2 quarters on this business to provide the visibility that the cost synergies that you're looking for in fiscal '15 can actually flow through to give you the kind of 10% earnings growth you're looking for, maybe rather than needed -- being needed to shore up the business again? So I guess, basically, how will we know that fiscal '15 is not going to be another transition year for Ralcorp like '14 was?
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me try to take a shot at that, Andrew. I think the key is, certainly, as we get into FY '15 and we lay out the year and our plans for the year, I think, given the fact that, at that point, we'll have solid prior year reference points, we'll be able to lay out the various components of the earnings growth, I think by segment, as we put that plan together. Admittedly, it is a little challenging. It's even a little bit challenging internally without the prior year lapse over the next couple of quarters. So I think one of the things you'll have to rely on is some of our estimates on the synergies that are flowing through. And certainly, I think as we get to CAGNY, I think that will be another opportunity for us to provide a little more color on some of the drivers of the business and, certainly, how we're doing on the synergies and the sources of those.
Operator: And we'll move now to David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Gary, I think I got that same frog in the throat, so I apologize for my horrible voice. Just wanted to dive a little bit more into the retail environment and kind of the thought process here on what you're seeing. When you look at the brand segmentation, can you give us a little bit more color on kind of where you really expect to see the pickup in your plans as you change the pricing architecture? The portfolio is very large at this point, so I think it would be helpful for us to kind of be able to track -- going to Andrew's question, to track against the takeaway data that we see from Nielsen. Is it about frozen? Is it about center-of-the-store dry goods? How do you see the different components here moving as the year progresses?
Thomas M. McGough: David, this is Tom McGough, and let me answer that in 2 parts. First, generally about our entire portfolio. During Q2, our consumption performance improved as the quarter progressed. We had a very good Thanksgiving period, and our consumption grew over the last month. What we're really pleased about is that we executed our merchandising programs that we talked about in Q1 in a very disciplined way. Our price/mix was flat, and we held our gross margin for the quarter. As you noted, given the breadth of our portfolio, we look at our performance in a couple different segments. Businesses like Hunt's and Ro*Tel Tomatoes, Reddi-wip, portions of the Marie Callender and Banquet business, particularly in our pot pies, and Slim Jim, these are businesses that continue to grow and continue to build share. We're investing to grow on these businesses. Our consumer and customer programs are delivering very good results, and we would anticipate that we would sustain that level of performance going forward. The brands like Banquet, Hebrew National, Wesson, Peter Pan, we've tactically adjusted our merchandising programs based on the category and customer -- or competitive dynamics. We're holding and, in some instance, building share there, and we're very pleased with the performance. But there are some brands and categories that are particularly challenging. We've talked about Chef Boyardee, Healthy Choice, microwave popcorn. We're making progress on getting the fundamentals right on those businesses, but it's going to take time to see the impact. And we anticipate continued weaknesses in those areas. But as I started, overall, we're pleased with the disciplined approach that we've taken to pricing and merchandising, and we're pleased with the performance where we're investing the most resources.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Terrific answer. Just one follow-up on that. Do you think that the competitive environment on pricing and promotions, does it remain disciplined and rational as you might hope?
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, it is. We are making tactical adjustments. We believe we're striking the right balance, as indicated by our price/mix.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, we don't see dramatic change.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Bank of America's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on the Private Brands segment. In the context that the volume growth or volumes are pacing a little bit behind plan, Gary, can you talk a little bit about how much of that is a function of -- you've gone through a period where there was a gap in service levels, so just the function of just simply no one there to take an order? And also, can you talk a bit about where you stand today in terms of the progress you've made talking to retailers about the value add that you bring, particularly in terms of the types of products that you can now produce on this new platform?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, absolutely. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Paul Maass for a little bit more color. Again, Bryan, we remain very confident in the strategy. Value is here to stay, and Private Brands will most certainly be a long-term growth factor in the industry. We can -- we really continue to see good traction on cost synergies. And as you mentioned, innovation initiatives with some major customers, that will take some time to cycle in, but real good progress there. And I'd also say our new Private Brands organization is really just getting grounded. Now you do know, as you referenced, there were some issues from Ralcorp's own restructuring that are taking a bit longer to get fixed. I'd say 2 key buckets to mention: customer service levels and pricing. Several of the Ralcorp plant consolidation projects that were underway prior to our ownership had some, I'd say, planning and execution gaps, and they've taken longer to get on track than expected but we're now making progress. And on the pricing architecture, that cost us -- cost the business some bps before our ownership and during the early transition months. But fortunately, most of these issues are now finally behind us. It does take some time, as I said, to affect performance change in a market. But net-net, we're probably about 6 months behind where we had hoped to be but just as positive and enthusiastic.
Paul T. Maass: Yes, what I would add is just it is -- it requires intense focus. That's why we organized the way we have. The execution is unique customer-by-customer, category-by-category, really, SKU-by-SKU, in getting the pricing right at the shelf and getting our execution, the service levels right, and it's why we've organize the way we have to really intensify our focus. And I agree with what Gary said on the timing.
Operator: And we'll move now to Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Gary, I wanted to follow up on the answer to the previous question. On the structural changes we talked about on the last call with Ralcorp, I mean, it seems like you maybe had to undo or redo some of the changes they made as far as the holding company, supervisory and maybe some personnel changes. Like where are you in that actual sort of personnel level and implementation process with Ralcorp? And I just have one other detail question after that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Jonathan, I'd say we are now feeling pretty good. We have the sales organization, the sales teams in place. We now have 6 distinct business units for more focus, and they each have general managers from old -- or I should say from legacy ConAgra, from Ralcorp and several from the outside. So that structure has now been in place for several months. Leadership is really important here. We've got that in place, and it's just going to take a little bit of time to start to affect the change in the marketplace. As Paul referenced, this business is very granular customer-by-customer, category-by-category, but we're in a much better place than we were a few months ago.
Paul T. Maass: And just one of the benefits of being part of a large ConAgra Foods organization, we're leveraging our supply chain expertise to get that service back on track where it belongs. And we focused on that. We're -- we've made huge steps on that. So we're leveraging the entire organization to really advance things.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And I apologize if I missed a comment about this in the opening remarks. But the -- for -- when the Ardent Mills transaction eventually closes, have you talked about what you're going to do with the proceeds?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Jonathan, this is John Gehring. Our plan at this point is we will use those proceeds to accelerate our debt repayment.
Operator: And we have a question now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: First question I have for you was, one of your competitors yesterday pointed out the shift in Thanksgiving, how it impacted their business, have you seen any impact from that?
Gary M. Rodkin: We planned for Thanksgiving, when Thanksgiving was going to land. Thilo, as we said, we got some of the merchandising for the holidays a bit earlier than we had expected, and that's why we had a bit of a shift from early Q3 into Q2. But I would say that's about the extent of it.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then when I look at your scanner data and I look at how you've increased promotions, that you don't seem to get as much of a lift from the promotions as I would have expected. I think you've called out a brand, like Chef Boyardee, that hasn't really reacted to it yet. What does it say about a brand like Chef Boyardee? It didn't seem to react to marketing, it doesn't seem to react to promotions. What does it say about the long-term viability for that brand?
Thomas M. McGough: Sure. This is Tom. In Chef Boyardee, we lead in the canned pasta, but we really compete in a much broader competitive set with many other quick, easy-to-prepare meals. The reality is, when you look at that broader competitive set, we see much stronger competitive activity across the board. As you mentioned, this is a brand that's been very successful with multiple price -- multiple purchase promotions. From a consumer standpoint, there are fewer of those traditional stock-up trips as consumers are shopping more toward their immediate consumption. And as a result, the sell-through on our promotions had been less than what we've seen historically. And I think that's generally happening in many categories, not just Chef Boyardee. Without disclosing too much information from a competitive standpoint, we are retooling our go-to-market approach, both in terms of our marketing and merchandising. We're making very good progress on that. But it will take time to have market impact. It will have time to take market impact on that business.
Operator: And Jason English with Goldman Sachs has our next question.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I want to ask about this restructuring program that you hinted at. Are you looking at this as an opportunity to sort of keep your productivity pipeline full, so this roughly $240 million or so of annualized COGS productivity. Is this just more fuel to keep that going? Or is this over and above what you usually target?
John F. Gehring: I'd say a little bit of both, Jason. I think, certainly, some of the restructuring, as we look at network and distribution, the network optimization, I do think some of that is going to support our ability to continue to deliver good results there. Certainly, we're always looking, as part of that, to see if we can add some extra fuel to that fire, if you will. But I think the other element that we're taking a real hard look at and working on as we speak is, given the size of the organization, what can we do, from an administrative cost efficiency and effectiveness standpoint, to further leverage the size of the organization and the scale of the organization to be more efficient on that end of things too. So I'd say it's both manufacturing and distribution network optimization, some of which is needed to sustain the pipeline and, perhaps, improve it. The other piece would be the administrative effectiveness.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. I'm here to hear more. And then more tactically, specifically, just this last quarter, within Consumer Foods, you mentioned that gross margins were comparable to prior year. Can you enlighten us in terms of the productivity that you realized this quarter within Consumer Foods and so the pacing for the year, as well as inflation?
John F. Gehring: Yes. So, Jason, we've talked about $50 million of cost savings in the Consumer segment this year, and we...
Gary M. Rodkin: This quarter.
John F. Gehring: I'm sorry, this quarter, $50 million this quarter. We expect $200 million of cost savings to fall into the Consumer Foods -- the new Consumer Foods segment this whole year. And as I mentioned, there will be about $30 million of additional cost savings that will be reflected in the other segments because of the moves of some of the businesses where those benefits fall.
Operator: We'll move now to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about your longer-term or medium-term EPS growth outlook of 10%. Can you help us in -- with that guidance in the context of this new segment reporting, there's a lot of moving parts. But at the operating profit level, I'm assuming you're going to have similar type growth, maybe high-single digits. Can you give us a sense as to which segments will perform above or below that in your projections over the next couple of years?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Akshay, I don't think we're positioned today to talk about earnings growth by segments. What I would -- as we certainly get into next year, we'll provide more discussion about that, and we'll talk about our algorithm more at CAGNY. What I would offer, if you just stand back, we've got a lot of confidence that our base business, as it exists today, can deliver reasonable operating profit growth, call it, in the mid-single digits. And then when you look at the opportunity we have from the synergy opportunities ahead of us, that's really what's going to take you from what would be a normalized maybe mid-single digits up into that 10% range. And again, unfortunately, at this time, we're not prepared to talk segment-by-segment.
Chris Klinefelter: All right. This is Chris. I'll build on John's remarks and just say that keep in mind, as John indicated in his prepared remarks, that these synergies aren't necessarily going to fall to just one segment. So that's another reason that's complicating it right now. So we'll be getting back to you with more details later.
Operator: And we have a question now from David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. You mentioned how you adjusted promotions in -- to be more competitive in a few categories. We have Thanksgiving noise in our Nielsen numbers, so it's difficult to see the progress that you described earlier. You seem to think that consumer trends, the consumption had improved through the quarter. And what I'm looking at, it's down 5% for the last 12 weeks. And the comparisons seem to be getting tougher through May. So I'm -- I just wanted to probe a little bit, what exactly are you seeing, perhaps, some adjusted consumption numbers, that are making you feel more hopeful? And how should we think about the tougher comparisons and your ability to lap those over the next couple quarters?
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, David. This is Tom McGough. What I was referencing is our consumption -- our most recent consumption performance over the last 4 to 6 weeks. We certainly have a view of the entire holiday season, including the shift in Thanksgiving. Our consumption grew over that period of time. That was indicative of very strong holiday promotions on businesses like Reddi-wip, Marie Callender pies, but also incremental merchandising programs that we've secured at key customers in key categories. The Banquet frozen meals, for example, is growing very nicely. We're seeing the same on Marie Callender. We anticipate that many of the merchandising changes that we made began to have their most impact beginning in November, and we continue to see -- we anticipate we're going to continue to see the results of that in the upcoming quarter.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And, David, I think you'll see a little gap between pricing and volume. And that's really because of some of the very commodity-oriented products, like Wesson oil or Peter Pan Peanut Butter, where the commodities have come down and the pricing has come down. And you've seen that from some other companies. So there may be a little bit of a gap there, but Tom is really referencing the volume.
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, so that's a very good point. And I'll just close by saying we're taking a very disciplined, surgical approach. We see that in our price/mix, our margin performance. We believe we're striking the right balance in that equation.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Deutsche Bank's Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess, 2 or 3 questions. First, maybe I'm just missing this, but your annual guidance on an operating adjusted basis, that included the dilution from the mills -- the milling divestiture. And so does the timing slippage on that, does that now include some earnings that wouldn't have been otherwise in your guidance?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, let me take that. This is John. I think there are a number of variables in the dilution calculations, the Ardent Mills transaction. Timing is one of them. We continue to monitor those various variables. I'd say that the shift in timing has had a minor impact. But at this point, I would say that $0.03 of dilution is still the best estimate of what the impact is going to be this year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess that's within the range, so that's -- that doesn't really have much of an impact for the full year, for the fiscal year?
John F. Gehring: Yes, that's correct. Yes, the shift in timing, it really has an impact in our overall estimates.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Gary, the shift to -- or the segmentation, as part of the Ralcorp changes, to 6 segments, do those 6 product lines, I assume those represent the vast bulk of the Ralcorp business. And so -- but if not, is there a certain, let's say, tail there that you just don't feel is worth keeping? And would that -- is that something that we should think about as a lag or a pressure on reported Ralcorp sales going forward?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, I'd say that it's basically just the way that we've divvied up the portfolio between the Ralcorp businesses and the legacy ConAgra Foods businesses, just to make sure that we have enough focus on each category. So for instance, there's a cereal category and there's a category for condiments, and there's 6 like that. So there's nothing else to take from that other than that we wanted to make sure we had enough focus on each one of those categories because it's a broad portfolio.
John F. Gehring: And just a mechanical clarification, just so everybody's clear, to recall, as we move the segments around, there's a portion of the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery products legacy segment that is in our Commercial segment because it's a foodservice business. And then there are some international sales that are now sitting in our new Consumer Foods segment. So you've got -- the sum of the pieces have moved around across all the segments. But in terms of the focus on the 6 within Private Brands, that's -- Gary's answer covers that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, if I could. The -- so you touched on this before, but -- so you've got the -- like the kind of the annualized goal of $250 million or so of synergy -- or productivity, sorry, from the Consumer division historically. And that's now going to be distributed a little bit slightly differently because of the change in the segments. And then on top of that, you've got the Ralcorp synergies, and those are also now going to be distributed across the organization, but I would assume that -- is it reasonable to assume that the bulk of those are still going to be in the Private Brands segment?
John F. Gehring: Yes, I think that's a pretty fair characterization. Most of them will be there. And to your earlier point, we talked about -- at the outset of this year, within the legacy Consumer Foods segment, we talked about $230 million of cost savings. We feel like we're tracking on that number, but about $200 million will show up in the new Consumer Foods segment, and the other $30 million will follow the businesses that went into Private Brands or to our Commercial business.
Operator: And we'll hear a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask a question about category growth? If you look at categories like canned pasta, we seem to have seen some fairly steady declines in the volume growth over the past several years. I just wanted to ask whether that -- in your view, is that driven by consumers changing attitude towards packaged foods -- certain packaged food segments, maybe shifting away from more heavily processed foods into healthier, fresher and simpler products? Or is there something else going on? And if there is a shift in consumer attitude, how do you respond to that? That's the first question. And a quick follow-up. On the trans fat ban, how burdensome would this be for you to eliminate?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I'll take the second one first, Alexia. On trans fats, we've eliminated most of that from our portfolio over the last, I don't know, 5 or 6 years. There, clearly, are still some products that have some level of trans fats. It's really going to come down to exactly what the regulations dictate, but we're continuing to work on that. And I would say it is not a material issue for us. And then -- and we, obviously, also have to do that on Private Brands as well. The question on categories, clearly, we've got a big, broad portfolio. Some are more challenged than others. You hit on one that is more challenged, and I would say we're not expecting big growth from canned pasta. That's just not realistic. But there are other categories, many other categories, that we plan where we will deploy resources in a bigger way. Clearly, there's tailwinds in a category like snacks, where we're quite big, particularly now with Ralcorp, with cookies, crackers, nuts, et cetera. So we've got somewhat of a mixed bag across our big, broad portfolio, and that's how we're going to allocate our resources.
Operator: And we'll move now to Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think one of the concerns I hear from investors is that merchandising effectiveness has gotten tougher and tougher because it's like pushing against a string. The consumer isn't responding, especially low-income consumers, to the value offerings that are being put in front of them. But your comments today are very much different from that. I just want to know, like are you more hopeful for next year that you figured out the right tactics, the right formulas, price points for merchandising price points and promotional price points?
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, Robert. When you talk about our portfolio, it is a broad portfolio, and we like to assess the performance based on -- we like to segment the performance. We see very good sales growth, share growth in many of our categories where we continue to invest. Hunt's and Ro*Tel Tomatoes is one that I highlighted, Reddi-wip. This is where we've got a great consumer message. We're investing in A&P. We're getting great retailer support. That's converting into organic share and volume growth. But the challenge that you highlighted around the value consumer is indicative of the change in that stock-up trip, we're looking at different ways to satisfy that consumer. And one, in particular, is pot pies. It's a tremendous value, and we're seeing very, very strong merchandising support, customer engagement in that category in growth. So in general, it's a tough economic environment for consumers. But clearly, there are areas that we are growing.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And again, Robert, I would just say it is really the value of our total portfolio. And we have to shift the resources to where we can drive business. Tom alluded to the pot pie, that's a great example. We have to fish where the fish are, and we're going to continue to adjust in that fashion.
Operator: And we have a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions, if I could. I think -- my first one is in relation to Consumer Foods, the Consumer Foods division. And I think, from Tom's response, we can infer this, but I want to be clear, that you've been very tactical with your promotional spending. And should we expect, therefore, that it gets even more -- do you get any more promotional in Q3 and Q4, the second half of the year? Would that promotional line even accelerate a bit sequentially as you get these programs in place? And the second question was related to the historical Ralcorp business. And you have been talking about $4 billion in sales, and I was curious if that was still an appropriate number if some of the recent -- just the weakness you've had in private label overall, if that's challenged that figure at all as it comes through the second half -- in the second half and for the full year.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, let me start -- this is Tom. Let me start with the first question. Our execution in Q2 is what we would expect in Q3 and Q4 in terms of maintaining a strong discipline, in terms of our spending, we want to be very surgical and tactical and execute in a very disciplined way. I don't see a material change in our approach for the balance of the year. I would anticipate something very similar to what we just achieved.
Gary M. Rodkin: And on Ralcorp, I would tell you that I wish that I saw more immediate impact on the top line performance. But I have to tell you, I'm trying to be more patient because we've only had our new general managers and sales teams in place for a few months. They are digging out of a hole. They are building new relationships with customers. And I can see them making progress every day. And you know a big transformation like this is really hard work. The important thing is to see that progress every day. So I am very confident we're going to start to turn the corner in the next 4 to 6 months because the strategy is sound and the execution is catching up.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And, Chris, on that point of your question, specifically, certainly as we revised the number down to $4 billion a couple of months ago, it's because we're starting to see some of these -- some of the timing issues, and the challenge to turn this around. But as we sit here today and we look across all 3 of our segments, where the Ralcorp -- legacy Ralcorp sales will fall, we think $4 billion is still a pretty good estimate of the total sales of the legacy business. So I think we're still on track there.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Ania Aldrich with Cambiar Investors.
Anna A. Aldrich - Cambiar Investors, LLC: It's Anna Aldrich. I wanted to ask you if you guys could comment how you think the ongoing reduction in food stamps is impacting your sales.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. The economy is still very tough for the vast majority of Americans, this whole Wall Street, Main Street gap. And any reduction in SNAP is going to make it tougher for a lot of families that are struggling. And we have been very proactive in working with retailers to help them adjust to their -- to these new shopping patterns, given the SNAP issue. And we believe, importantly, that our portfolio delivers the best overall value in the industry. So yes, it is clearly an issue. We think we're being very proactive to tackle it.
Anna A. Aldrich - Cambiar Investors, LLC: But there is no particular number you can put on it?
Gary M. Rodkin: No. I couldn't really quantify that.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Happy holidays, and thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, again, for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-09-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas M. McGough - President of Consumer Foods Group Paul T. Maass - President of Private Brands and Foodservice Businesses
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our First Quarter Earnings Call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the result that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance, can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A document or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As we announced a little more than a week ago, we got off to a slow start in fiscal '14. While that certainly isn't the way we wanted to begin our fiscal year, I can assure you we've been taking action and we're very focused on the actions required to drive improvement throughout the year. For reasons we'll discuss today, we're confident in our revised full-year EPS, as communicated last week, which results in 8% to 10% growth over last year's comparable full year diluted EPS of $2.16. For the quarter, we posted EPS of $0.37 on a comparable basis. As context, we originally expected to be in line with year-ago amounts, which means we were anticipating we would get close to a $0.44 quarter. When we first gave that guidance, the main reasons we expected to be only in line with year-ago amounts, as opposed to growing, were primarily because we planned for some significant incremental investment to support new product launches, and because the impact from a customer transition in our Commercial Foods business was expected to be the most pronounced in our fiscal first quarter. So with that reminder as background, we underperformed our prior EPS goal, mostly because of poor volume performance in the Consumer Foods segment. As we go forward in the fiscal year, we have plans to improve volume and we anticipate cost favorability, driven by lower-than-planned inflation, as well as better-than-planned SG&A cost savings, all of which suggest better quarterly trends. In a nutshell, we expect those positive factors to collectively offset a portion of the Q1 EPS softness and enable an 8% to 10% growth year, with the growth coming in the second half of the fiscal year. To be clear, we are reaffirming our expected comparable EPS growth rates in the fiscal 2015 to 2017 timeframe, where our Ralcorp synergies are planned to be the richest. Our view of Ralcorp synergies is unchanged at $300 million in fiscal 2017, and we're as confident in the long term about our strategy and direction as we've ever been. Now I'll talk more about specific results within our segments. As a reminder, our segments will change later on this fiscal year, and John will say more about that. In our Consumer Foods segment, sales were down 2%, acquisitions contributed 2%, organic volume declined 3% and price/mix was down 1%. Within the price/mix, we had significant slotting allowances related to new product launches. That was part of our plans and it's concentrated investment level that won't be repeated this year. In our base in Consumer Foods, we saw weak volumes given challenges within certain customers and categories. Several categories have returned to more intense price competition as customers tried to drive traffic back with more deals. Our change in tactics, particularly for the remainder of this fiscal year, include a shift to become more impactful with our promotions and merchandising, as well as more focused on better mix through improving the velocity of our higher-margin products. That means we have shifted some dollars from advertising to merchandising to be more competitive. Said simply, we're acknowledging that in this environment, we need to be more price-competitive in certain categories. We had been on a path of increasing our marketing dollars over the last several years, but this environment calls for some course correction toward more in-store merchandising. And we've begun the process of the category-by-category, customer-by-customer basis, and most importantly, within financially responsible guidelines. Why are we confident that increasing our merchandising will drive a lift in volume? We know from past experience that when we get our fair share of merchandising, we get a lift in volumes. To be clear, we don't like this kind of environment. It's not ideal for long-term brand health and margins. But we will do what's necessary to improve volume in a fiscally responsible way. A reduction in our least efficient advertising spend, continued productivity gains and a sharper focus on SG&A, will enable us to shift funds toward merchandising to invest, as needed, in this environment. I want to be clear that it's not all about changes in merchandising and promotion. We will continue to support our brands that respond well to advertising spend; brands like Marie Callender's, Bertolli, Reddi-wip, PAM and others. This is simply about balance and what is needed in the current environment. We launched a number of items into the market in Q1 with early mixed results. Certainly, some of our recently introduced products are doing well. For example, our new Bertolli items, premium meals and desserts, along with our Marie Callender's single-serve cakes are doing well and are on track. But for a few of the new items this go round, quite frankly, we got the price value equation wrong. What I mean by that is we believed the premium quality of our Marie Callender's breakfast sandwiches and our Orville Redenbacher's Pop Crunch, for example, would command a premium price in their respective categories. So even with superior products, we know we need to work harder and smarter at getting the value equation right. The incremental investment to support the new product launches was significant at $26 million or $0.04 a share. This represents over half the year-over-year decline in the Consumer Foods operating profit. The good news is these were concentrated upfront costs associated with planned introductions. We don't have any more large new product launch costs planned for this fiscal year. So that means a big portion of the segment's 22% year-over-year profit decline is over and done with. So this quarter's profit comparison is not a good reference point for a trajectory of the remaining quarters this fiscal year. In summary about this segment, we see improved input cost inflation dynamics over the course of the fiscal year. We have line of sight to more SG&A cost savings than we did at the beginning of the fiscal year. And as we think about volume in Consumer Foods for the rest of the year, we believe volume will improve behind the increased merchandising that we're planning, and we expect that lift to help with absorption in our plans. John will say more about what we're expecting in terms of top line and bottom line for this segment for the full fiscal year. In the Commercial Foods segment, sales were in line with year-ago amounts and operating profits were down as expected. As we talked last quarter, within Lamb Weston, we planned to be down in profits due to loss of some business from a major customer. As we said, we knew there would be some margin impact at Lamb Weston during this transition, but we are very confident that over the long term, we will make up for this loss and continue the strong growth we've seen from the frozen potato business. We've already begun expanding our business with other customers and we expect to see continued progress as the year goes on. While the loss of business is tough, we planned for it in the first quarter and we've worked very hard to recover from it quickly. And it's great to see some stronger contributions from some other customers already. Our milling operations posted growth in sales and profits. As you've heard us discuss before, we remain focused on product mix, efficiencies and customer supply chain and risk management solutions, and it's been paying off. Overall, the year for Commercial Foods is on track and we remain confident in delivery of the year as planned. Just as a reminder, as we look further into fiscal 2014, we plan to contribute our milling operations, which are part of the Commercial Foods segment, into a joint venture with Cargill and CHS, called Ardent Mills, where we will have 44% ownership. We believe this is a long-term strategic win in terms of customer supply chain solutions, efficiencies, expanded innovation capabilities, and of course, profits. Forming this venture will provide us with cash to accelerate our debt repayment. We expect this joint venture be accretive to our EPS in a couple of years, and John will say more about this. Moving on to the Ralcorp operations, for the quarter, sales and profits were a bit behind our expectations and we attribute this to the softness in the overall retail market. And as we described last quarter, dealing with the fallout from their past restructuring efforts and suboptimal pricing actions. I'll say more about that in a minute. We're on track with a $0.25 of EPS accretion this year. We've made very good progress in integrating the organization and we now have all the leadership positions in place. This will play a key role in correcting the pricing and organizational issues that I discussed earlier. The leadership positions were a critical aspect of our work over the last several months, and while it will take some time to get all of our processes wired exactly right, it feels great to have a strong team of talented and experienced leaders in place. The caliber of people that came from Ralcorp, along with those from ConAgra Foods and those recruited from other companies, plus the way we've designed our organizational structure, will help us intensify our focus on customers and categories. Rebuilding the leadership team and the sales force from the Ralcorp restructuring that took place a year ago, several months before the transaction, is part of this work, and we are getting those customer-facing positions in place as we speak. We believe the focus here will begin to pay off as we get to our new structure and people in place with our customers. We've already had a few early wins that will be realized in the back half of our fiscal year. With regard to other near-term marketplace opportunities, our conversations with customers about our capabilities, like product and promotional innovation, are already beginning to work. Customers are very receptive to our innovation ideas on private brands, and they see our innovation capabilities as true differentiators in the marketplace. We're also putting our insight capabilities to good use in terms of product pairings. You'll hear more about that from us in the future. We like what we're seeing on cost synergies. We're off to a good start and on track with expectations for fiscal 2014 and are confident about our projections. As a reminder, we're projecting $300 million of annual pretax savings from cost-related synergies in fiscal 2017, and given the lead times, the big ramp-up starts in fiscal 2015. I want to remind everyone that our plan all along assumed that in the early days of integrating Ralcorp, we would drive cost-related synergies faster than top line-related synergies. Most significant top line benefits are expected later as we get the new organization in place and begin to leverage our capabilities. That's the way it's playing out, and it's what we expected. I'm very confident in our strategy on private brands, recognizing it requires a bit of patience. We're playing for the long term. We can see the opportunities ahead of us and we feel good about the progress we're making. So to summarize the quarter and our perspective on the rest of the year, we acknowledge that our Q1 performance fell short of expectations, and that we have work to do to deliver the revised year. With that understanding, I'll leave you with these 3 elements of our confidence in the full fiscal year. One, our Commercial business is largely on track. Two, the Ralcorp integration and synergy realization is going as expected. Three, our course correction in Consumer Foods can be achieved through more impactful merchandising to drive volume improvement as well as commodity input cost favorability and SG&A cost savings. Thank you again for your interest in our company, and I will now turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 4 topics this morning. First, I'll discuss our fiscal first quarter performance. Next, I'll address comparability matters. Then onto cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I will provide some comments on our updated outlook for fiscal 2014. Let's start with our first quarter performance. Overall, as we previously communicated, the fiscal first quarter results were below our original expectations and reflect the impact of several matters we planned for, such as marketing investments in our Consumer Foods segment and the loss of some contracted business with a significant foodservice customer in our Commercial Foods segment. However, as Gary noted, we also had a shortfall in our earnings relative to our plans for the first quarter, and that was driven principally by disappointing sales volumes in our Consumer Foods segment. Overall for the first quarter, we reported net sales of $4.2 billion, up 27%, driven by the addition of Ralcorp, partially offset by the softness in our Consumer Foods segment. For the quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.33 versus $0.61 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.37 versus $0.44 in the prior year quarter, a 16% decrease. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few points, starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $2.0 billion, down about 2% from the year-ago period. This reflects about 2 points of growth from acquisitions, offset by a 3-point decline in base volumes and 1 point of negative price/mix. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $189 million, or down about 22% from the year-ago period. The operating profit performance reflects the volume softness and the increased marketing costs, partially offset by the benefit of our margin management initiatives. The higher marketing costs for the quarter reflect incremental costs of about $26 million, or about $0.04 per share, in support of new product launch activity, which for 2014, was concentrated in the first quarter. So spending levels will naturally be lower in subsequent quarters. On foreign exchange for this quarter, the impact of foreign exchange on net sales and operating profit was immaterial. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $45 million in the quarter. For the fiscal first quarter, we experienced inflation of about 2%. And on marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $104 million, up about 14% from the prior year quarter, driven by an increase in new product launches. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion, about flat with our prior-year quarter. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit decreased 7% from the year-ago period, to $130 million. The year-over-year decline reflects the expected decline in our Lamb Weston business related to the loss of contracted business with a significant foodservice customer, as we noted last quarter. Operating profit for our flour milling business was modestly higher than the prior year quarter. Our Ralcorp operating segments delivered net sales for the quarter of $942 million. And operating profit, excluding items impacting comparability, was approximately $83 million, slightly below our expectations reflecting volume softness across several categories, consistent with some of the trends we've seen across the broader food industry. Given the adverse impacts of pre-acquisition restructuring activities, suboptimal pricing actions and some adverse commodity positions at the time of acquisition, we expected to be working through some challenges during the integration period. We took these challenges into consideration in our guidance and therefore, we remain on track to deliver $0.25 per share of accretion for the full fiscal year from Ralcorp. Our new organization structure is being implemented, and the new leadership team is in place -- sorry, is in the process of implementing changes to improve business trends. Given the size of this undertaking, the impact on results will take time and we expect performance to begin reflecting the benefits of these changes in the back half of this fiscal year. I would also point out that our fiscal first quarter is historically the smallest quarter seasonally for the Ralcorp business. So I would caution against any linear projection of the first quarter results as a proxy for the full year results. We are making good progress on both COGS and SG&A synergy work streams. However, we expect that product cost synergies will be realized principally in the second half of the fiscal year. Overall, our synergies are on track. We currently report the result of Ralcorp's operations in 2 segments: The Ralcorp Food Group segment and the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery Products segment. As we've noted, we are currently in the process of building out our new reporting structure, and we expect to transition to the new structure during the second quarter of this fiscal year. After the transition, we expect to report our results in 3 operating segments: Consumer Foods, Private Brands and Commercial Foods. The Consumer Foods segment will include substantially all the branded businesses that are currently included in our current Consumer Foods segment. The Private Brands segment will include the consumer private-branded food businesses previously included in the Ralcorp Food Group segment and the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery segment, as well as the private-branded business previously managed within our Consumer Foods segment. The Commercial Foods segment will include the Lamb Weston, ConAgra Mills, Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and J.M. Swank businesses and certain foodservice businesses previously included in the Consumer Foods and Ralcorp Frozen Bakery products segments. Once we implement the new segment reporting, all prior periods will be restated to reflect the new segment structure. Moving on to corporate expenses. For the quarter, corporate expenses were $127 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $72 million versus $75 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year change reflects the addition of Ralcorp corporate expense offset by lower base operating costs, including pension costs and some timing issues. Our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year is estimated to be approximately 34%, consistent with our planned rate. The rate for this quarter was lower driven by several favorable settlements and changes in estimates, some of which are treated as items impacting comparability. Now I'll move on to my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.04 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter's reported EPS from continuing operations' related to several items. First, transaction costs, acquisition-related restructuring and integration costs, principally related to our acquisition of Ralcorp. In all, we recorded approximately $37 million or $0.05 per share of net expense related to these acquisition matters. On hedging for the fiscal first quarter, the net hedging expense included in corporate expenses was approximately $21 million or $0.03 per share. And finally, we recorded a tax benefit of about $22 million or approximately $0.05 per share, primarily resulting from a change in estimate related to tax methods used for certain International sales. Next, I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $194 million of cash on hand and $280 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We are very pleased with our cash flow performance and discipline over the past several years. And in fiscal 2014, we expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, including a modest contribution from working capital improvement. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $181 million versus $98 million in the prior year period. And for fiscal 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $650 million. Net interest expense was $96 million in the fiscal first quarter versus $49 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is driven by the additional interest expense related to the Ralcorp acquisition. Dividends for the quarter increased from $98 million in the year-ago quarter to $105 million. On capital allocation, our capital allocation priority through fiscal 2015 will be the repayment of debt. Consistent with that priority, we currently expect to repay between $600 million and $700 million of debt in fiscal 2014, and a total of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2015. These amounts exclude any additional repayment we expect to fund from the cash proceeds related to the Ardent Mills transaction. While we did not repay any debt this quarter, given the seasonal working requirements of our business, we are pleased with the progress we've made over the past several quarters on our debt repayment plans. And with respect to liquidity, this quarter, we extended our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility by another 2 years. The facility is now in place until September 2018. As previously noted, we -- as we delever, we expect to maintain our current annual dividend at a rate of $1 per share and limit our share repurchase plans. This quarter, we did repurchase approximately $31 million of shares, funded principally from option exercise proceeds. And while we expect to limit M&A activity in the near term as we focus on deleveraging and integration, we will continue to review opportunities to improve our portfolio. We will also continue to prudently invest behind innovation, production capacity and our cost-savings initiatives. Subsequent to quarter-end, we did announce 2 small transactions. First, we have divested our Lightlife business. And the results of the Lightlife business for the fiscal first quarter and all prior periods are classified as discontinued operations. And second, we repurchased certain dessert production assets from a former co-manufacturing partner, primarily supporting our Marie Callender's dessert business. The net cash and earnings impact of these transactions is immaterial. With regard to restructuring charges related to Ralcorp, we do expect to undertake some restructuring actions as part of integrating the business. While we are not yet in a position to give financial details on the plans as they are still being developed, I would note that these charges, which should span a 2- or 3-year period, are not expected to materially impact our plans to repay debt or reinvest in the business. We expect that a significant portion of these charges will be noncash and that the cash requirements, when identified, will be manageable given our strong cash flow. We currently expect to provide an update on these matters after the close of the fiscal second quarter. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2014 full year outlook. We currently expect fiscal 2014 diluted EPS, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to be in the range of $2.34 to $2.38 per share. Let me briefly address the second quarter. First, while we are taking actions to strengthen Consumer Foods volumes, we currently expect that it will take some time to impact these trends, and therefore, we expect Consumer Foods volume and operating profit to be soft through the second quarter. And in Lamb Weston, the continuing impact of the foodservice customer transition issue will continue to impact profits through the second quarter. So while we will benefit from the Ralcorp accretion, which is on track, it will not be enough to fully offset the challenges in the other segments. So we currently expect our second quarter comparable diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.55, slightly below year-ago levels, which was a very strong quarter. As you know from our full-year guidance and our expectations for the first half of the fiscal year, we are expecting a very strong second half of the year in terms of EPS growth. So why are we confident in the strong second half EPS projections given the environment we're in and the results we have posted so far? Well, let me start by saying that we had planned for the year to be second half-loaded given the investment we made earlier in the year for Consumer Foods and the customer transition issues at Lamb Weston. When we look at the back half of the year, it should go without saying that our top priority is stabilizing our Consumer Foods volume in a fiscally responsible way, which will involve redeploying some A&P into merchandising. And when I say stabilizing our volume, I want to be clear that we are not expecting heroics. Our expectations are that Consumer Foods volume will be about flat for the year. And while the volume improvement is very important, it is not the main driver of the EPS growth we have planned in the back half. The biggest drivers of our back half EPS growth are the following 3 items: First, the contribution from Ralcorp, including the ramp-up of the synergies as the year progresses. And some of this improvement is really related to the normal seasonality of this business, but it also reflects the benefit of the organizational changes and integration progress. Second, we have identified significant SG&A savings, including some marketing cost reductions. And third, our Consumer Foods COGS inflation will come in lower than planned. These 3 drivers account for most of our back half EPS growth. With respect to our operating segments, in Consumer Foods for the full year, we now expect volume performance to be about flat with prior year and operating profit growth to be in the low-single digits. We also expect somewhat lower inflation from continued good cost savings performance. We expect that our advertising and promotion costs will be modestly below the prior year levels, and as a reminder, advertising and promotion costs for fiscal 2013 reflected a significant increase over prior year. In our Commercial Foods segment, we continue to expect a decrease in operating profit, driven principally by the 2 matters we noted previously. First, the impact of the Ardent Mills transaction, which we expect will have about a 3% -- I'm sorry, $0.03 per diluted share of negative impact to fiscal 2014 earnings. And two, the impact of about $0.06 to $0.07 per diluted share from the loss of business with a significant foodservice customer in the Lamb Weston business. On our Ralcorp acquisition and integration, first, we continue to expect approximately $0.25 of total diluted EPS benefit in 2014, in line with prior estimates. We now expect fiscal 2014 sales related to the Ralcorp business be approximately $4 billion, slightly lower than our previous estimate in recognition of the recent top line softness and our current belief that it will take time for the changes to impact these trends. The integration is proceeding essentially as expected, and our synergy work continues on track to deliver $300 million of annual pretax benefit by the end of fiscal 2017. In summary, we are working through some changes in our business but our capital allocation goals, which include significant debt retirement in fiscal years 2014 and 2015, and our longer-term fiscal 2015 to 2017 EPS growth goals, which include realizing significant synergies from the Ralcorp acquisition, remain on track. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Tom McGough, and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just had 2 questions for you to start off. I guess first thing, Gary, when you provided fiscal 2014 guidance, ConAgra was about a month into your first quarter. And at the time, you were quite bullish around volume momentum in consumer and the prospects for Consumer Foods at the time. So something -- it would seem very dramatic must have changed in kind of a month's time from then to sort of cause ConAgra to lower not only the first quarter but the full year EPS so significantly. And you mentioned on the call some category weakness and some customer weakness. But frankly, I'm still not sure kind of what that means and whether that was just overall industry issues because it seems to have hit ConAgra maybe more significantly. So I was hoping maybe you could run us through a little bit around specifically what categories were real differentiators versus what you had thought a month before. And then these customer issues, were these things that were, perhaps, more discrete to ConAgra in terms of the impact to you? And the reason I ask is because this all goes towards how achievable the new full year EPS guidance is. That's the first question.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. Andrew, I appreciate that. Those are fair -- that's a fair question. I think we all acknowledge that we're still in a relatively sluggish industry environment. But as the summer went on, we saw trade spending accelerate, and this is because customers, key customers were competing for traffic and manufacturers really heated up their competition for market share, that we've been on a path of shifting toward more pull via marketing and advertising. But with the increased merchandising intensity in some key customers and some key categories, we frankly lost some share of quality merchandising and, in turn, market share and, of course, volume. We're now in the process of course-correcting that, rebalancing and shifting some advertising dollars selectively into more competitive merchandising support, all within responsible financial constraints. We'll see the benefits starting late in Q2 but primarily in the second half of F '14. But to get more specifics on the categories, let me turn it over to Tom McGough.
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, this is Tom. Our volume decline was concentrated in a couple businesses, most notably in frozen and on Chef Boyardee as a result of the strong competitive activity that Gary highlighted. First, in frozen, there's 2 things that are driving this activity. First of all, frozen is a big category, but volume has been weak. And this is an important category for our customers. And as a result, it has become a share battle in frozen meals. As a result, we saw a big increase in competitive promotional activity at several key customers during Q1. Similar situation on Chef Boyardee. As you know, we lead in the canned pasta category, but we really compete in a broader, shelf-stable, convenient meal arena. And the reality in Q1 was that we saw a much stronger promotional activity, particularly at the back-to-school period in that broader category. In both instances, we're strengthening our promotional programs to be more competitive. We anticipate that activity will be comparable going forward, and we know that when we achieve our share of merchandising support, we can improve our volume trends.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I guess my second question would be back in 2009, I think when the industry went through a somewhat similar dynamic, where there was some deflation and most industry players had ramped up promotional spend to try and drive -- to drive volume, which was weak at the time, as I recall, it didn't end up really helping industry volume very much at all. And it seemed that none of the kind of players in the food industry really ended up benefiting relative to anybody else. It just ended up taking sort of a big chunk of profitability, I guess, out of these categories as a whole. So I don't know, maybe Gary, you could just address that. Do I have that sort of right? And so I'm trying to get a sense of why maybe, if everyone starts to -- has been and promotes more aggressively, the consumer sees certainly better value, but it doesn't seem like anyone gets a relative benefit or advantage.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew, again, this is not our most desired way to see the industry operate. But we do, as responsible stewards, we do need to course-correct. And frankly, the customer in the competitive environment, along with this moderating inflation, means that we have to smartly rebalance our push and pull. Again, not black and white, not either/or, but we got to put the dollars against where we think we'll get the most effective returns. We need to bend the trends on our market share. It is a market share gain. It's category by category, customer by customer. We've got smarter analytics, and we've got to put them to better use. But we truly need to grow our share in this environment, and we need to do it by driving quality merchandising. We have found ways in our P&L to make certain that it is beneficial to us financially. But again, this is what the environment calls for, and we will stay within those guidelines.
Operator: David Driscoll with Citi Research has our next question.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I'd just like to go back to the competitor promotional activity and maybe just try to get a bit more on this one. Because I would say, Gary, that when you cite this as a negative factor, I mean, it's always troubling to hear on the outside. And what I find is that no one knows how, on our side of the fence, how to dimensionalize how bad this thing is going to be. So maybe can you just give us, as best you can, just specifics on what happened? And I think the most important thing is, how rational is this pricing environment? I mean, when you have a quarter like this, it feels like the environment is completely irrational, I mean and I think Andrew was maybe even trying to get at the same point. If your forward view is based upon the return of rationality, I mean how strong is that at this point in time, and how much confidence can you really give us today?
Gary M. Rodkin: Obviously, David, there's only so much that we can share for competitive and customer reasons. But within that, I can tell you in our largest category, in frozen, we've been winning market share, as you know, over a number of years within this large category. A lot of that's been driven by really strong innovation, marketing, et cetera. But we can tell you that the intensity of the merchandising really ramped up in some pieces of some segments of that frozen category. For example, in one large part of the segment, merchandising that was, on average, about 4 for $10 or $2.50 apiece went to about 5 for $10 or $2 apiece and in some cases, hotter than that. We have been trying to stay on the path of driving towards more pull. But frankly, given the fact that we've won a lot of market share in several of these segments, we've seen competitors really dial it up this summer. So we've got to do what we need to do to win back that market share, and it's really not a return and hoping for an immediate return to rationality. It's really, in the near term, a return to our fair share of merchandising. Tom, want to add anything to that?
Thomas M. McGough: What I would add is that we've seen the promotional activity focused primarily in the premium segment. This is a portion of the category that has grown. As you know, we're well positioned in that category with Marie Callender, with a very strong brand. We're investing in A&P innovation, but going forward, we need to ensure that we're getting our fair share of that merchandising support. As you know, we're investing in this premium segment. We've just launched Bertolli premium meals, and we're very pleased with those results. So we are having a balanced approach, making sure that we have a compelling message. But we've got to make sure that we have competitive merchandising to sustain our business momentum.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One follow-up for me. You made the comments that you expected inflation to come in better than expected. Can you dimensionalize that? What is your inflation expectation for the year and just some sense of -- I mean, it sounds pretty obvious that the pacing gets much better into the back half but, John, anything you can tell us there, I think, will be greatly helpful.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I think at this point, David, what I'd say is we're probably looking at inflation probably slightly under 2%. Net-net, we still do see inflation when we look at all of our components of cost, including conversion and T&W. What I would say is the material commodity piece of that has come down somewhat since the first part of the year. So that's where we're seeing the lift over the balance of the year. The other thing I would just add is we feel very good about how we're positioned with our commodities and our hedges, so we feel confident about the ability -- our ability to capture that benefit as the year progresses.
Operator: We'll move now to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions. One, related to Ralcorp and the revenue, sort of current revenue trends, I just want to make sure I understood it right. As you currently -- and what you've experienced so far this year is that you've gone through this organization change and trying to fill some of the boxes or some of the open slots. Have you not had full sales coverage with every account? First of all, is that an accurate way to describe it?
Gary M. Rodkin: Bryan, that clearly is not optimal yet. We've had limited coverage given the restructuring that Ralcorp did before the acquisition. What I can tell you is the integration is very much on target. The organizational leaders are now all in place. That's quite recent. The new team and the structure is getting settled, and it's working on getting the wiring right. There will be a big change in the way this business is run from the restructuring that we're doing. Ralcorp did a few months -- Ralcorp, a few months before our acquisition, clearly made some changes that have to be reversed, and it disrupted parts of the business. Our pricing, our customer facing and supply chain are going to markedly improve as we get some time in place, and we look forward to seeing the impact of that starting in the second half of '14. Importantly, cost synergies in F '14 and F '15 to '17 are all on track. And net-net, we expected some challenges here, but we're still on target for the $0.25 of accretion. So a little bit longer than we hoped it would be, but frankly, we're in this thing for the long haul. We're doing it the right way. We clearly see a light at the end of the tunnel.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess the second question, just in terms of the environment being more difficult in general and understanding the comments about what's happened in shelf-stable meals and what's happened in frozen, but I just want to make sure, are your comments about the environment being more difficult really just focused on those categories, or does it spread across, really, the private label business as well? I'm just trying to understand is -- aside from some of those transition items with Ralcorp, you're also just seeing it's generally a more difficult environment in the private label world.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I would tell you that overall, I think we need to acknowledge that it's relatively sluggish in the industry. It certainly is more severe in particular categories. The net of the whole private label industry, not just us, but the net of the private label industry is still up. So we are addressing the specific issues customer by customer, category by category, and we will start to see this thing bend a little bit starting in Q2 but much more so in the second half of the year.
Operator: We'll move now to Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Gary, just one follow-up. I'm curious about the integration of Ralcorp. I understand the business has always had its ups and downs. It's a private label business. You're always trading -- you're always making that decision volume versus pricing, and I guess that's how I interpret it. But when you -- just interpreted some of the volatility here, but when you're talking about -- what kind of changes were made at Ralcorp that need to be reversed at this point? And what gives you, I guess, such confidence that you're on the track to doing it the right way as far as serving customers and optimizing that equation?
Paul T. Maass: Sure. This is Paul. I'll field that. I would use one word that really will make a big difference, and that is focus. And Gary hit on the organizational changes that were executed prior to the acquisition, but it really consolidated a big part of the portfolio under one general manager. And our diversity of products and categories, as well as the customer diversity, just really translates into a different org design that will enable far deeper focus. As Gary said, customer by customer, category by category, it's not a one-size-fits-all and breaking the business down into those business units to enable the focus, from our perspective, will have a significant impact and really help us in the customer execution. And we'd lost some of that. And I believe that the execution, not only from the customer facing but also the total operations, will improve as we get things set up and rolling forward.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just add, Jonathan, that we're really making a shift into a true operating company. Ralcorp did a great job, primarily focused on acquisitions. That was their focus. They acknowledge that. What we need to do is really turn this into an operating company. And all the steps that Paul talked about, particularly on the front-facing parts of the business, the general managers who run the P&Ls and the customer-facing sales force, those are going to be dramatic changes.
Paul T. Maass: What gives me confidence is the feedback we get from the customers. So we've had a -- executed a lot of customer meetings, very positive feedback. We have great capabilities, great products. As we intensify the focus, we'll see improved results.
Operator: We have a question now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst: This is Scott Barber [ph] asking a question for Thilo. Just a question around the Lightlife transaction. Why did you decide to sell that business?
Gary M. Rodkin: Lightlife, frankly, we did not have enough focus on that particular segment. It was our only real entry into that part of the store, and we just couldn't provide the kind of focus on it. It's a nice business, a good equity, but better focus from a different company will help that business.
Operator: We have a question now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question, Consumer Foods, your expectation to get to flat volume for the year requires a resumption of growth later this year. That's probably going to be met with some degree of skepticism by a lot of investors. So with that in context, do you have the flexibility to still deliver against your earnings number if that volume performance comes in light?
John F. Gehring: Jason, this is John. What I would tell you is as we look at the full year, certainly, as I mentioned, job one is strengthening the volume performance there. But to your specific question, I would tell you that given the fact that a lot of the profit growth in the second half, in particular, is not tied directly to that volume getting all the way back to par, if you will, I think we do have some flexibility to still land within our guidance, even if we were to fall a little bit short of that. So again, I think getting back to what I said, we don't need -- we certainly needed to improve it, but we're not basing our guidance on a heroic return of really significant growth.
Operator: We'll move now to Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Gary, Nielsen data, it's not always accurate, but it seems to suggest some of your frozen SKUs have seen their distribution points drop by fairly meaningful amounts lately. I'm just curious if you can talk a bit about what's happening there, whether it's your products, in particular, that may be getting deemphasized, maybe frozen entres as a whole, or maybe the data just really aren't reflective of what's happening out there. I'm just curious for your take on shelf space loss, and if that's happening, whether maybe further cuts are at risk. Just any color there would be helpful.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. I'll really start with Healthy Choice. We've made a decision, a strategic decision to build our line around our Caf Steamers segment. And we're going through a process now of proactively rationalizing some of our lower-velocity, lower-margin SKUs in our other entre segments, in particular. As a result, we are seeing declines in Healthy Choice. As we go through the year, we're going to have a stronger product range with higher margins and velocity, albeit on lower distribution. At the same time, we are building our distribution in the premium segment with our introduction of Bertolli. We're very pleased with the end market results that we've gotten today on our single-serve meals, our multi-serve meals and our desserts as well.
Operator: We'll move now to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have 2 questions. I guess the first, we haven't really touched on it much, but on the commercial side, can you maybe be a bit more specific as to which customers, is it domestic or international, are you seeing maybe better QSR traffic to help out Lamb Weston as the year progresses and whether lower potato cost is going to help out that business? And then second, it seems like Post -- maybe this is difficult for you to answer, Gary, but it seems like Post is now making a push once again into private label with their cold cereal business. They made a pasta acquisition. I don't know if you can comment, but I would have assumed that maybe there would have been a non-compete agreement or something along those lines.
Paul T. Maass: Yes, this is Paul. I'll answer the question on Lamb Weston Commercial Foods. So the shift was really in foodservice distribution, and we're in the process of shifting business from that particular customer to other customers along relationships. So it's a process that we have to get through. I'm really pleased with the traction that we're getting with new partners in distribution. We will not rely just on that channel for achieving the volume growth back. We'll also get that from international growth, as well as growth with QSRs and other chain partners and customers.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, we really can't comment on what others are doing. What I can tell you is that we have confidence that we can leverage our capabilities, and we will as we get more time on our belt on cereal and pasta. So we're confident there. But unfortunately, can't comment on what the other guys are doing.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about the consumer environment. I know you've talked about it a little bit here. But what do you think is going on with the consumer? I mean, do you think it's overall, they're spending less on food, or are they trading down? If you can just help understand how you're seeing that dynamic. Because there's some conflicting evidence from some of the results that are being reported. Would love to get your thoughts on that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. I think we believe, clearly, that there's a real bifurcation in the marketplace. And you can see that with the big majority of folks, call it the 80-20 rule, they're still really squeezing very hard on the basics. I've talked about this before, how that isn't just food, but all basics. You can see them in the food industry really trying to manage their yield by using all their leftovers and by their just-in-time inventory not stocking up a lot. And those behaviors are continuing. It's really all about price value in this environment. We believe we have a portfolio that works well there. But we certainly have to take some actions to enable us to continue to drive that price value, and that means that we need to do some things in our cost structure to take it to a place where we can deliver that kind of value. And one of the things we talked about in the near term is shifting some of that advertising into more promotion and merchandising, again, within financial constraints. So I would say we are acknowledging that there's not a lot of tailwinds from the consumer. On the other hand, this is a very, very large industry, and we're going to try and get some share back.
Operator: We'll move now to Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just coming back to the frozen segment, I get the point that getting your fair share of merchandising should help out in the near term. But the underlying structural issue is really the consumer demand for frozen having been quite weak for a number of years now, and it's obviously exacerbated by the moderation in commodity pressures leading to this step-up in merchandising activity. How much do you know about where the consumer is going out of frozen? Are they cooking from scratch? Are they moving to chilled prepared meals? Are they maybe just focusing on premium frozen? And what it's going to take to bring them back?
Thomas M. McGough: The frozen single-serve meal category is one in which volume's been relatively weak. It's been focused primarily in the better-for-you segment. There's a couple dynamics going on there. Certainly, over the last several years, that segment is driven by that carried-lunch occasion. And with the relatively weak labor environment, there's been an erosion of usage as a result of that. We also see that there's a migration to those things that are perceived to be fresher. And frozen food is an incredibly, from a product standpoint, fresh product, with the perception around the perimeter of the store and maybe outside the store, there are fresher alternatives. So that's an area that we're tackling on our businesses and one that we have to better position in order for the category to -- for that segment to grow.
Gary M. Rodkin: Alexia, just to amplify that last point, it's incumbent upon us in the frozen industry to convince folks of the value of the frozen meal. As Tom said, if you went into one of our plants, you'd see that it's just a giant kitchen and the food is really good quality, good nutrition, very good value. We need this to take some of the stigma away from the process side of this, and that's work that we're -- is ongoing.
Operator: And we have a question now from Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I look at your stock's valuation multiple, it would seem to me that the market's not giving you much credit, Gary, for the $300 million of synergies that you think the Ralcorp business can deliver. And you've said that you're on track and you've got the leadership lined up the way you want, but I'm just wondering if you could just give us some more specifics about the cadence of how quickly those synergies can be realized and what comes first. Is it in the supply chain? Is it procurement? Is it overhead reductions? Maybe just a little more color would help people get more confident that it'll start coming quickly.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Robert, this is John. So I think I'll try to tackle a couple of pieces of that. First of all, I think the first savings we're seeing, and this will be very logical, would be just around some of the SG&A, and we've made great progress on the duplications and streamlining those common functions. So we're seeing that already, and that would make sense that that'd be the first thing we see. The biggest chunk of the savings is clearly going to be on the supply chain side. And I'm speaking strictly cost savings here when we talk about the $300 million. What I would tell you is clearly, we feel like we've got a really good pipeline of ideas and projects that we're working there. And there are things that we are actually implementing as I speak. The one thing I just -- the one thing that's important to remember on cost of goods sold synergies is that you have to identify the project, you have to implement the project, the cost savings then show up in inventory and eventually, they show up in the P&L when they sell through. So that's why a number of -- a good part of the COGS synergies we've identified for this year will show up in the back half. As we get into future years, we really expect a significant ramp-up in the cost of goods sold. And really, it's going to come, first and foremost, from procurement because we have significant overlap in terms of the commodities that both of our businesses buy, and the scale that we're able to bring to the marketplace will be very impactful there. So that's probably the biggest chunk. After that, we also think -- and these will take a little bit more time, but in order -- we also think there's great opportunities around transportation and warehousing that will not only be a cost advantage, but we also think it'll be an advantage with our customers when we can ship products together. Now that, obviously, will take more time because there's some infrastructure investments required there. And then lastly, along the same lines in terms of timeline, would be what we would just classify as network optimization. And I talk -- there, I'm talking about our manufacturing footprint. And so we've got 2 very large manufacturing footprints between our 2 companies, and we think there's a lot of opportunity, over time, to streamline that footprint, which will certainly take fixed costs out of the equation but will also help us in some of our variable costs. So there's a number of components there, but the summary I'd give you is the SG&A is already showing up. We'll see it. We're starting to see some of the early cost of goods sold, principally procurement matters. And the ramp-up in the back years is really going to be driven because we'll have all 3 of those levers in the supply chain working at once.
Operator: And we have a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicholas.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I had 2 questions for you. The first one would be in terms of the Consumer Foods division, I guess I'm still confused on the second quarter performance for that business, which is implied to be down again in the quarter. And I guess, Gary, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the costs associated with the new products and how those were a drag in the quarter, which I understand. I guess what happens then in Q2? Is it just the residual weakness in volume? And I guess related to that, is it the promotional spending that's picking up where you're not expecting an immediate movement in volume on that spending?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Chris, fair question. I would tell you that it takes some time to implement these things we're talking about, and we will start to see some stabilization in the volume as we get later into the quarter, the latter part of the quarter. But I want to assure everybody that we're not burning the furniture for better optics, that we're trying and admitting that it takes a bit of time to do it right, and that's why we really don't see the real significant improvement until the second half.
Operator: Our last question comes from Greg Hessler with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I wanted to ask on -- just given the first quarter results and a little bit -- or the small reduction in guidance, is liability management something that you guys would consider with regards to your capital structure? You have some high coupon debt out there, and with the move in treasuries, it maybe makes it a little bit more palatable to take some of this debt out. Is that something that you guys would consider in order to lower your interest expense?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Greg, this is John. Certainly, we have -- we are continuously looking at our debt repayment strategy as we -- especially as we plan for things like the additional proceeds from Ardent Mills. What I would tell you is we are certainly watching the interest rate environment very carefully. We are -- we will be evaluating a number of options in terms of how we want to repay that debt. But we also -- to Gary's point, we don't want to burn the furniture from the standpoint of we don't want to just run and take out a whole bunch of our -- what we think is very low-cost, long-term debt. So we're going to have a very balanced approach. But I will also tell you we're not counting on that as an opportunity to save the back half of the year by really getting overly aggressive on an overly heavily weighted repayment strategy.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Yes, thank you. Well, before we wrap up the call, Gary would like to offer a few thoughts.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks. First, I want to thank everybody for your questions. I think every one of them was fair. I am the first to admit and take accountability for the fact that we had a bad quarter. We're not just hoping things are going to get better. We're taking actions. I want to assure you, as I just said, that we're not burning the furniture. We're going to do it right, and that's why we're going to see most of the impact in the second half. We're in it for the long haul, and we believe very deeply in our strategy. But as we talked about, as responsible stewards of the business, we need to course-correct when the marketplace environment is clearly telling us to. We know that job one is stabilizing our Consumer Foods business by rebuilding the volume. Price value is more important than ever before, and we need to get back our share of quality merchandising and our market share. This environment's requiring us to be more cost-conscious across the whole company so that we can deliver that value. This includes raising the bar and being more selective on where we spend our resources, including our marketing dollars. Number two, we're very confident in our private brand strategy. It's a growth business. We're working hard to get ourselves in position to really drive that growth by leveraging our new operating organization, scale and our CPG capabilities. It's taking some time to rebuild and rewire this organization, but it's coming together well, and we can, as I said before, see a light at end of the tunnel. In the near term, we are delivering on our cost synergies, as you just heard from John. And number three, we've got a strong commercial business led by Lamb Weston. Yes, we did have and do have a short-term bump with a key customer, but this is a big-scale, high-market share, global footprint business that will continue to grow and deliver us strong returns. So net-net, we have our sights on the long-term algorithm and on delivering the committed second half EPS growth for all the reasons that John and I talked about. Thanks for your attention.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you, Gary. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-06-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Thomas M. McGough - President of Consumer Foods Group
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Clay Crumbliss
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. We're pleased with the results of our fiscal 2013 fourth quarter, capping off a transformational and successful year for ConAgra Foods. For the fourth quarter, we posted EPS of $0.60 on a comparable basis, which is 18% growth. This brought our comparable EPS to $2.16 for the year, which is 17% growth and above the full year goal we shared with you previously. Consumer Foods volume increased for the quarter as we expected. This is a significant improvement from volume trends seen earlier this year, which were impacted by past price increases. Operating profits for the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments grew and the operating performance for the Ralcorp business came in as planned. All in all, a good performance. We continue to make good progress on integrating the Ralcorp business and have established the operating structure for our new company. As part of the integration process, we have identified additional synergies and increased our fiscal 2017 synergy goal by a significant amount. And we've already repaid a significant amount of debt, which is a very, very good progress toward our fiscal 2015 debt reduction target. John and I will provide more detail on those accomplishments this morning and share our goals for fiscal year '14 and beyond. After that, we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Tom McGough, recently appointed President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now, I'll turn it back -- the call back over to Gary. Thank you.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As I indicated before, I'm pleased with our results for the fiscal fourth quarter and the full year and I'm very confident on our strong EPS outlook going forward. I'll speak to that after offering some remarks about our segment performance and John will discuss our outlook as well. I'll start my segment remarks with Consumer Foods. Sales for the Consumer Foods segment were up 7%, driven by acquisitions and good organic volume performance. Many of our brands grew sales, shares and volumes. Along those lines, organic volumes increased 3%. This is an important turning point and a strong improvement from what we saw earlier this fiscal year. We've lapped last year's price increases and are benefiting from increased investment in our brands. Let me offer a little context in terms of our recent brand investment. We're using point-of-difference communication, along with strong innovation, to increase consumer pull for our brands. Last quarter, we talked about our canned tomato portfolio, Hunt's and Ro*Tel, and that point-of-difference advertising that is really resonating with consumers and driving sales, volume and share gains and category growth. Similar messaging has been very effective for PAM and Reddi-wip as well. Emphasizing their usage occasions and promoting from new locations in the store are also driving more demand for a number of our brands. Effective marketing will be a key driver in the success of the innovations we're launching this summer. We're very excited about the new desserts, frozen breakfasts and other items you heard us talk about at CAGNY. Take frozen breakfast, for example. This category has grown significantly over the past 5 years and frozen breakfast sandwiches have driven quite a bit of that growth, but frozen breakfast sandwiches are still an underdeveloped breakfast option. That's where Marie Callender's and Banquet come in. Building on capabilities we acquired when we bought Odom's Tennessee Pride and adding some strong culinary and cooking innovation, we've developed lines of breakfast sandwiches that break new grounds in terms of convenience and quality. We have significant innovation outside the frozen aisle as well. We're building on the terrific equity of Marie Callender's and introducing Marie Callender's Easy Sides, a shelf-stable pasta dish that cooks in about 4 minutes with no cleanup and delivers terrific flavors like Alfredo, Parmesan and Stroganoff. National TV support begins soon. When we take into account our innovation, the brand investment we've made and the fact that we're turning the corner in terms of volume performance, we believe we're on a solid footing for a healthy top line performance from Consumer Foods in fiscal 2014. Now on to operating profits. Consumer Foods comparable operating profit increased 3%. A combination of sales growth and margin management initiatives offset minimal inflation and put us in a good position to increase marketing and post profit growth. Overall, we're pleased with the underlying quality of this segment's profit performance this quarter. In the Commercial Foods segment, sales were up 3% and operating profits were up 13%. Our flour milling operations posted strong profit growth with the combination of good volumes, improved mix and strong results from grain and byproduct merchandising. In our Lamb Weston potato operations, growth in domestic markets was offset by short-term challenges in Asia, so our potato operations posted a modest profit decline for the quarter. As we look to fiscal 2014, we plan to contribute our milling operations, which are part of the Commercial Foods segment, into a joint venture with Cargill and CHS called Ardent Mills, where we will have 44% ownership. This is a long-term strategic win in terms of innovation, customer service and efficiencies and, of course, profits. We expect this joint venture to be accretive to our EPS in a couple of years. John will say more about this. I should point out that one of our major foodservice customers did not renew a sizable amount of potato business with us. Occasionally, contract negotiations turn out that way. We will be reallocating our capacity toward other customers and opportunities. In the meantime, there will be some margin impact at Lamb Weston during this transition, but we're confident that over the long term, we'll make up for this loss and continue the strong growth we've seen from the frozen potato business. So the combination of these issues related to the Commercial Foods segment, meaning the Ardent Mills dilution and the Lamb Weston customer issue, is the reason for the $0.10 or so of headwinds that we mentioned in our fiscal 2014 guidance. We continue to have a lot of confidence in our Commercial Food operations going forward. We're coming off 16% profit growth in fiscal 2013 for the segment with plenty of good years leading up to that, demonstrating the benefit of our strong innovation, international expansion that includes dynamic emerging market potential and product mix improvement. Our expansion into new products and new market segments with sweet potatoes, proprietary grain blends and growth in high-potential markets outside the U.S. demonstrate our strong operating capabilities and good customer relationships. We have high expectations for the contribution from Commercial Foods over the long term. Moving on to the Ralcorp operations, for the quarter, profit was in line with our expectations. We are in the early innings of integration and we now have more clarity on cost synergies. And this has allowed us to raise our annual synergy projections to $300 million by fiscal 2017, up from our original estimates of $225 million. Those cost savings will come mainly from the areas we expected such as procurement, where we are already gaining some synergies from ingredient buying, as well as logistics, plant efficiencies and SG&A savings. Ralcorp sales trends have been softer during this transition than we expect to see in the future. Ralcorp's own restructuring efforts, which began several months prior to our ownership, cut the organization too deeply, particularly on the sales front. We began to take corrective action as we integrate the Ralcorp business into ConAgra Foods. Additionally, some upside-down commodity positions drove pricing actions that put certain categories beyond the appropriate price gap architecture and we're in the process of addressing this as well. These issues are short term and definitely fixable. We're confident that we can move forward quickly with new operating capabilities and our broader integration work while generating the EPS contribution we expected from Ralcorp in fiscal 2014. When we look to the longer term, we're very excited about the growth potential of bringing real scale and our CPG capabilities to the private brand space. The potential in the private brands business is substantial, rooted in our customers' demand for differentiated and progressive retail brands. Our vision is to transition the private brands business model from transactional to strategic partnerships. And in our recent top-to-top meetings with almost all our major customers, I can personally attest they have a very strong appreciation for the functional expertise, scale and growth opportunities that we bring to the table with our portfolio. We're excited and continue to be highly confident that this multiyear journey will be well worth the effort. And the early work that we've done, as well as our very positive conversations with customers, have confirmed the big opportunity ahead of us. As part of integrating Ralcorp and building the right organizational structure during the first half of fiscal 2014, we will be moving to 3 financial reporting segments. We'll continue to have our Consumer Foods segment and we'll have 2 new segments: one called Private Brands and another called Foodservice. Within Consumer Foods, many of you saw the announcement in early May regarding Tom McGough, who took over as President of Consumer Foods late in our fourth quarter. I was really pleased with our succession planning and the seamless way Tom has been able to take over leadership of this segment. Tom was leading our grocery business right before this and he has a strong track record of accomplishments in the Consumer Foods space. Paul Maass, who you know from his leadership of our commercial operations, will oversee both the Private Brands and Foodservice segments. Paul is extremely knowledgeable of marketplace dynamics, has a passion for building great partnerships with customers and has earned the reputation as a very strong and engaging leader who produces outstanding results. The Private Brands segment will include much of the former Ralcorp business, along with the existing private brands business from ConAgra Foods. The Foodservice segment will include Lamb Weston, along with the foodservice operations that previously were included in our Consumer Foods segment and those that were part of Ralcorp operations, as well as specialty businesses such as Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and J.M. Swank. To repeat a point made earlier, we're assuming that our milling operations will be contributed to Ardent Mills at some point during the fiscal year, so that's why I'm not mentioning it as part of the long-term plans for this segment. Mike Locascio has joined Paul's team to run the Private Brands business. Mike is a veteran in the CPG space, having led many of our Consumer Foods brands and of late, he led our customer development organization. He built that organization from the ground up and established a team with the pricing capabilities and rigor that we've been able to apply within our Consumer Foods portfolio over the past 18 months. Paul and Mike bring excellent credentials and skill sets like risk management, deep commodity market understanding and pricing architecture to our new Private Brands organization. Across all of our segments, we expect to have a strong team that includes many talented key players from Ralcorp, as well as from within the ConAgra Foods organizations, including those with deep private brand experience. We still have work to do to begin financial reporting under this organizational structure, so this will not come to life in terms of how you see our results until we're well underway in fiscal 2014. But it's a big step to get the right leaders named and the structure started, so we wanted to share this recent news with you now. All-in-all, we're pleased with the very strong year we just finished. We have made major transformational changes to the business and are off to a good start on integrating Ralcorp. In our base businesses, we grew segment profits while investing significantly in our brands and reached our goal of returning Consumer Foods to positive volume trends in Q4. As I mentioned earlier, I've been spending quite a bit of time with customers over the past few months. These conversations are really encouraging because it's clear that customers understand the advantages that ConAgra Foods can bring to them. Our unique blend of branded, private brand and foodservice businesses allow us to compete at a different scale and as a truly strategic partner who can help customers grow. These are great dialogues that reinforce and confirm our long-term opportunities and we're really excited about our differentiation in the market and the partnerships we're building. Wrapping up, as we take into account the growth potential in core operations and synergies we expect from Ralcorp, we expect double-digit EPS growth in fiscal 2014 and to grow EPS by at least 10% per year from fiscal 2015 to 2017. That should allow us to exceed $3 per share in fiscal 2017, a major milestone. And at that point, we expect to have posted 5 consecutive years of double-digit comparable EPS growth. After that, we expect to continue delivering strong financial performance with the increased sales and EPS targets I outlined earlier. John will go more in depth about projections and other financial details and I'll close my remarks today by saying this is a great time to be at ConAgra Foods. The pieces are in place and our team is very excited about accelerating growth. Thank you for your interest in our company. And now I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 4 topics this morning. First, I'll discuss some fiscal fourth quarter and full year performance highlights; next, I'll address comparability matters; then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, including some details related to our recent acquisition activity; and finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook for fiscal 2014 and our updated long-term algorithm. Let's start with some performance highlights. Overall, the fourth quarter and full year results were in line with our expectations and reflect a strong performance in fiscal 2013. On the full year, let me provide a few highlights. First, for fiscal 2013, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.85 versus $1.12 last year. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.16 versus $1.84 in the prior fiscal year, a 17% increase. Our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments both posted strong year-over-year performance. And our Consumer Foods segment significantly increased marketing investments to support our brands and innovation. And over our 4 months of ownership, Ralcorp operating segments delivered approximately $132 million of operating profit on a comparable basis. When we take into account the additional corporate expense of approximately $13 million relating to Ralcorp, the results were in line with our expectations. Turning to our fourth quarter results. For the fiscal fourth quarter, we reported net sales of $4.6 billion, up 34%, driven by the addition of Ralcorp, improved volumes and acquisitions in our Consumer Foods segment and pricing and mix improvements in our Commercial Foods segment. The impact of higher year-over-year wheat prices in our flour milling operations also contributed to sales growth this quarter. For the quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.45 versus a loss of $0.21 per share in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.60 versus $0.51 in the prior-year quarter, an 18% increase. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few key highlights, starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $2.3 billion, up about 7% from the year-ago period. This reflects about 5 points of growth from acquisitions. Organic net sales were up 2%. In this quarter, base volumes increased about 3%, which represents a significant sequential improvement over the third quarter. Price mix was negative, about 1%. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $295 million or up about 3% from the year-ago period. The operating profit improvement reflects the benefit from acquisitions and our margin management initiatives, partially offset by an increase in marketing costs and incentive compensation. The impact from foreign exchange this quarter on both net sales and operating profit for the segment was immaterial. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $65 million in the quarter. For the fiscal fourth quarter, we experienced inflation of about 1%, a bit better than our expectations. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $85 million, up about 15% from the prior year quarter, including a 5% increase in marketing investments in our base business. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion or up about 4%, reflecting price mix improvements across the segment. The passthrough of higher wheat costs in our milling operations had a positive $29 million impact on net sales for this fiscal quarter. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit increased 13% from the year-ago period to $156 million. The strong year-over-year performance reflects improvement in our milling operations, offsetting a modest decline at Lamb Weston. Moving on to corporate expenses for the quarter. Corporate expenses were $124 million. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, corporate expenses were $87 million versus $64 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects higher incentive compensation costs and the addition of Ralcorp corporate expense. Our effective tax rate for the full year was approximately 34%, consistent with our planned rate. Our recently acquired Ralcorp business delivered net sales for the quarter of $962 million. And operating profit, excluding the impact of comparability items, was approximately $110 million, about what we've projected. As noted previously, during the initial integration phase and until we fully implement organization changes related to the Ralcorp acquisition, we will continue to report the results of Ralcorp's operations in 2 segments: the Ralcorp Food Group segment and the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery segment. As Gary noted, we are currently in the process of building out our new reporting structure and we expect to transition to the new structure during the first half of fiscal 2014. After that transition, we expect to report our operating results in 3 operating segments: Consumer Foods, Private Brands and Foodservice. Overall, we're excited about the opportunities that this acquisition provides us for long-term growth and attractive accretion over the next several years that we expect to be driven in part by strong synergies. Now I'll move to my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.15 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter's reported EPS related to several items. The most significant comparability item this quarter relates to acquisition matters, including transaction costs, acquisition-related restructuring, integration costs, principally related to our recent acquisition of Ralcorp. In all, we recorded approximately $67 million or $0.10 per share of net expense related to these acquisition matters. We also incurred about $5 million or $0.01 per share of incremental tax expense related to the adverse impact of transaction costs on our income tax rate this quarter. Next, on hedging, for the fiscal fourth quarter, the net hedging expense included in corporate expenses was approximately $37 million or $0.05 per share. In addition, we recorded approximately $6 million or $0.01 per share of expense related to the actuarial or mark-to-market losses in connection with the pension accounting method we adopted last year and about $6 million or $0.01 per share of expense related to the early retirement of debt. And finally, in the fiscal fourth quarter, we recognized a net benefit related to legal matters of $22 million or approximately $0.03 per share primarily related to a favorable legal settlement. Next, I'll cover my third topic: cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $184 million of cash on hand and $185 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business and for fiscal year 2013, we delivered operating cash flows of approximately $1.4 billion, a bit better than our expectations. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives and maintain our focus on cash conversion cycle metrics. For fiscal year 2013, working capital changes contributed modestly to operating cash flows. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $169 million versus $98 million in the prior year period. And for the full fiscal year, our CapEx was approximately $458 million, including CapEx for our expansion at our Lamb Weston facility in Boardman, Oregon, and about $46 million of CapEx related to the recently acquired Ralcorp business. Net interest expense was $102 million in the fiscal fourth quarter versus $51 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is primarily driven by the additional interest expense related to the Ralcorp acquisition. Dividends for the quarter increased from $100 million in the year-ago quarter to $104 million. On capital allocation, as we have previously noted, our capital allocation priority through fiscal year 2015 will be the repayment of debt. As I noted last quarter, we expect to use the proceeds from the planned Ardent Mills transaction to accelerate and increase the targeted level of debt repayment through fiscal 2015. This quarter, we paid off $566 million of certain Ralcorp private placement debt to complete our financing plans. We consider that part of the overall financing process we executed in connection with the Ralcorp acquisition as opposed to debt reduction. In terms of the debt reduction goals we've established, we have repaid over $400 million of debt this quarter. Therefore, we are off to a very good start on our deleveraging plans and on improving our leverage ratios. As previously noted, we expect to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we delever and we expect to significantly reduce our share repurchases during this time as well. And while we expect limited acquisition activity in the near term as we repay debt, we will continue to prudently support the right investments for our business, including investments to support innovation, production capacity and our cost savings initiatives. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2014 outlook and our long-term algorithm. First, on our fiscal 2014 outlook, we currently expect fiscal 2014 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to be approximately $2.40. This represents growth of about 11% over our fiscal 2013 base. This also includes the impact of about $0.10 of headwinds in our Commercial Foods segment. And here are a few 2014 highlights. In our Consumer Foods segment, we expect low-single-digit organic volume growth and mid-single-digit operating profit growth. This fiscal 2014 estimate also reflects modest gross margin improvement in our Consumer Foods segment, driven by mix improvements and strong cost savings, partially offset by modest inflation. For fiscal 2014, we expect cost savings of about $230 million in our Consumer Foods business. And we expect a modest increase in our advertising and promotion costs to support our consumer brands and new product introductions. As a reminder, fiscal 2013 was a period of significant reinvestment, supported by our margin expansion. So that while we expect the increase in fiscal 2014 to be more modest, our marketing spend in 2014 will reflect continued support of our brands. In our Commercial Foods segment, we expect a decrease in our operating profit, driven by 2 factors. First, assuming a midyear close of the Ardent Mills transaction, we expect about $0.03 per diluted share of negative impact to fiscal 2014 earnings. While we expect the Ardent Mills transaction to be accretive by year 3, financing costs and transaction amortization are expected to exceed the benefit of synergies in the first couple of years. Also, the expected use of proceeds to repay low-interest rate debt impacts accretion in the early years. As a reminder, after the close of the transaction, the earnings from this venture will be reported as equity earnings. And ConAgra Mills will not be treated as discontinued operations given the accounting rules, so there will be a year-over-year decline in reported segment sales and operating profit for a year after the transaction closes. The second factor impacting our 2014 Commercial Foods operating profit relates to our Lamb Weston business, where we expect about $0.06 to $0.07 per share of headwinds related to the loss of business with a significant foodservice customer. And while we are already shifting that capacity to other customers, we do expect there to be a negative volume and margin impact in fiscal 2014. We do, however, remain very confident in the long-term top and bottom line prospects for this business. Now I'd like to highlight a few matters related to our Ralcorp acquisition and integration. First, we continue to expect approximately $0.25 of total EPS benefit in fiscal 2014, in line with our prior estimates. As Gary noted, the integration is proceeding essentially as expected. As he also noted, some of the restructuring efforts that were began at Ralcorp prior to our acquisition have weighed on recent sales profit performance. We are therefore moving quickly to implement organization changes which we believe will better position the business to strengthen sales performance and to leverage the combined capabilities of the larger enterprise. As we look ahead to fiscal 2014, we expect sales related to the Ralcorp business to be approximately $4.2 billion as we implement organizational changes and leverage our sales and pricing capabilities to reverse recent soft top line performance in the business. We expect Ralcorp sales to resume organic growth in fiscal 2015. On synergies, based on our integration work to date, we now expect cost synergies resulting from the Ralcorp acquisition to reach $300 million of annual pretax benefit by fiscal 2017, an increase from our prior estimate of $225 million. Further, while we have a significant systems integration workload ahead of us, we are very confident in our systems integration capabilities. In fact, we continue to be recognized as an industry leader regarding our partnerships with world-class technology providers such as SAP and for our strong SAP capabilities. We were the first company in the Western Hemisphere to be recognized by SAP as an Advanced Center of Excellence in 2009 and have since been recertified. And over the past year, we have been able to seamlessly integrate the Odom's Tennessee Pride, National Pretzel, Del Monte Canada, Kangaroo, Bertolli and P.F. Chang's businesses onto our SAP platform. We are very well positioned to take on the task of extending our technology platforms to the Ralcorp businesses to drive further improvements and cost savings in the way we buy, make, sell and deliver our products. For fiscal 2014, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. I would also like to note that while we expect strong EPS growth for the full fiscal year, we currently expect our 2014 fiscal first quarter EPS to be about flat with the first quarter of 2013. This is due primarily to 2 factors. First, in our Consumer Foods segment, we are in the process of launching a significant number of new products into the market and we, therefore, have a significant year-over-year increase in slotting and marketing investments in our first -- fiscal first quarter. In addition, the operating profit impact of transitioning customer business within the Lamb Weston operations will be most pronounced in the first half of the fiscal year. The remaining 3 quarters of fiscal 2014 are expected to reflect strong EPS growth. Turning to cash flow. We expect continued strength in our operating cash flows. And in fiscal 2014, we expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, including a modest contribution from working capital improvement. Further, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $650 million for 2014. Consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities, we currently expect to repay approximately $700 million of debt in fiscal 2014 and a total of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2015. These amounts exclude any additional repayment we expect to fund from the cash distributions related to the Ardent Mills transaction. With regard to restructuring charges related to Ralcorp, we do expect to undertake some restructuring actions as part of integrating the business. While we are not yet in a position to give financial details on the plans as they are still being developed, I would note that these charges, which should span a 2- or 3-year period, are not expected to materially impact our plans to repay debt or reinvest in the business. We expect that a significant portion of these charges will be noncash and that the cash requirements, when identified, will be manageable given our strong cash flow. Now I'd like to update you on our longer-term outlook and algorithm. First, for fiscal years 2015 to 2017, we expect comparable diluted EPS to grow at least 10% annually. This is expected to result in comparable EPS in excess of $3 per share by fiscal 2017 and 5 consecutive years of double-digit growth. After the fiscal 2015 and 2017 period, when the majority of the cost synergies from the Ralcorp transaction are realized, we expect long-term EPS growth of 7% to 9% on a comparable basis. We also expect long-term annual sales growth in the range of 3% to 4%. The long-term EPS and sales expectations represent increases from our prior targets and reflect the benefit of ongoing innovation, marketing and margin enhancement initiatives, as well as the anticipated benefit from greater participation in the attractive Private Brands segment. In summary, fiscal 2013 has been an exciting year for ConAgra Foods. We have delivered strong performance and have set in motion transformational changes that have positioned the company for very strong performance in the years ahead. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Tom McGough and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 questions for me. First one would be on the Ralcorp synergies. You've raised those to $300 million through 2017. If some of that is expected to fall in '14, I guess why is the net accretion for the year still $0.25? I guess either the Ralcorp base EBIT is expected to be a bit lower than you thought or maybe you're just being so much conservative. So I guess, in other words, do you still expect the $400 million in Ralcorp EBIT that you discussed at CAGNY?
John F. Gehring: Yes. Andrew, this is John. Let me try to take those pieces. First of all, I think on the synergies, I do think the large portion of the additional synergies are going to take time, so I'd say we're probably going to get a little bit more benefit in FY '14. I would say related to our expectations about the base EBIT for Ralcorp, I'd say those are still in line with what we've talked about earlier, approximately $400 million. And then is there some conservatism in there? I think the straightforward answer is, yes, there probably is a little bit of a contingency in our plans. I think everybody can appreciate that we're just starting out the first full year of ownership. We're in the process of changing the organization. So I think it's only prudent that we plan for some disruption as we move the organization around.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, Gary, you mentioned a lot of the top-to-top conversations that you've been having with key retail customers. I guess there's been some chatter out there that maybe certain customers are more concerned with having a company like yourself with scale now across branded and private label and looking to thwart that in some way or separating the way you come to customers. And I guess it sounded like you've had some, frankly, much more encouraging conversations than a lot of key customers. So maybe could you just put some of that in perspective to see if what I'm talking about is even something that you've been hearing?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, happy to, Andrew. What you mentioned about fear of -- or concern about scale, we've heard it a couple of times, but it's very scattered. I wouldn't say that it's prevalent. And the way that we've addressed that is really talking about you're able to, as a customer, really leverage a lot of the smaller suppliers to do a lot of kind of special projects that bigger guys might not see as being very efficient in their supply chain. And what we've talked about is let's think very holistically, that we're willing to do some of those one-offs because the pot in terms of the total business opportunities are so much greater. That is -- that works extremely well virtually every time that we have that discussion. I'd say what we feel best about coming out of those discussions is the understanding that it's going to take a little time but that we are going to get the sales structure in a much better place. Our vision is to have one ConAgra point person at the head of each customer and then the organization splits underneath that. So knowing that there's going to be one ConAgra with dedicated resources to the branded side and dedicated resources to the private brand side and more resources than we have today on the private branded side is very welcome. And the second is they are extremely excited about our innovation capabilities that we've demonstrated on the consumer side of the business that they have seen. And they are very excited about the opportunity to leverage that on the private brand side. And in fact, we have some of those big customers coming to Omaha, already scheduled, just to work through that.
Operator: And we'll move now to David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First thing I'd just like to say is after, I think, 10 quarters of negative volumes in Consumer Foods, it feels great to see a plus 3% on that figure. So congratulations on that. Nice job in establishing some momentum there. My questions are going to go to Ralcorp. The first one, and I think maybe most important, is the $300 million of synergies, if I do my math right, guys, that would suggest something like $0.46 a share benefit over the course of the period, which I think goes through 2017. Said differently, it looks to me like it's about a contribution of 5 percentage points to EPS each and every year if I just kind of allocated it equally. And maybe the question that I'd like you to respond to is if your guidance in '15, '16 and '17 is for about 10% growth, it sounds to me like you get half of it simply from the realization of the synergies. And that would mean that the other half, just 5 points of it, comes from all of the rest of your operations. So the first question is, do I have the math right? And the second question is, it seems like that the component of the organic growth is really achievable, maybe I would use the word conservative.
Chris Klinefelter: David, this is Chris. So the thing that I would offer on that is I think your general logic is right. We're assuming mid-single-digit performance in the base business and the aggregate contribution of the synergies is largely what you're saying. The other thing to mention about the reason that we're signing up for a mid-single-digit performance in base business is, as you've heard us talk about our capital allocation priority during -- particularly during the early years of owning Ralcorp, it's toward debt reduction. So in our prior EPS long-term goal of kind of 6% to 8%, we did have a point or 2 from allocating capital that we don't have. So with that, yes, the rest of your math works.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And David, what I would say is having been in this industry forever, being able to -- starting with the year that we just finished, being able to commit to 5 straight years of double-digit EPS growth while still staying committed to strong dividend is pretty compelling. So we plan with the appropriate level of risk management and I think we're quite pleased where we are.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right, makes sense. If I could just ask one more question on RH. So the sales in the quarter would annualize out at something like $3.85 billion. You gave guidance just a moment ago in the script of, I think, $4.2 billion in sales for F '14. Can you talk a little bit about how quickly this changes, like what we should be expecting within this number to see such a -- I mean, I think that's a quality improvement right there over the current run rate, but how fast does it take before we start to see those actions show up in results?
John F. Gehring: Yes. So David, this is John. A couple of things to keep in mind. There is a fair amount of seasonality in this business. So I think to take any 3-month period and multiply it by 4 probably doesn't land you necessarily in the right place. A lot of seasonality, in particular in the fall and -- particularly in the fall, where you have strength. So the other thing I'd say is there have been some areas -- there are some softness in some of the categories. There's also some business that we've walked away from -- or collectively, we've walked away from around some co-packing things that were in the base, which accounts for some of the softness right now. I would expect, in terms of the impact that our changes are going to have on reversing some of the trends, I think that's going to be more in the back half of our fiscal year. It's going to take us time to -- not that we're not working on things right now, but I think to really fully deploy our capabilities, to fully align our sales teams against this business and really start to have an impact with customers is probably going to be late in the fiscal year, second half.
Operator: And Bryan Spillane with Bank of America has our next question.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to get a little more color on Commercial Foods and the potato business, the frozen potato business. Can you talk a little bit about maybe some of the factors that led to this customer switching vendors? Is there more capacity in the industry? Is it getting more competitive bidding for contracts? And also, if I'm understanding it right, some of the customers of this customer who switched vendors may not be entirely happy with the switch. So if you could just talk a little bit about how that occurred and if there's been any other change in the industry?
Paul T. Maass: Bryan, this is Paul, and I appreciate the question. The perspective I'd share first is if you think about RFPs or request for proposals contracting, it's kind of the nature of the business in Commercial Foods, so it's something that we normally navigate through. We do have a track record of working our way through that in a successful way. What makes this one unique is this is a customer we partnered with for a long time and have built business towards pretty large business. So it's a big change and that makes it a little bit unique. And as we work through it, because of the long-term relationship that we have had, there's a lot of complexity and transition in it. And frankly, there's some costs involved with that. We are underway as far as transitioning to other customers. And I would describe it as the silver lining in a change like this is it enables our Lamb Weston business to truly strategically partner with some new and other customers. And we feel really good about the outlook after we get through the short-term transition.
Operator: And JPMorgan's Ken Goldman has our next question.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Your Consumer Foods volume came in much better than what Nielsen data would have suggested. And I realize lower pricing was the impetus for your actual performance improvement. I suppose I'm just interested in the difference between that actual performance and what was measured. Was there maybe a bit of a sell-in of new products that happened over the summer? Did non-measured channels just perform that much better? Maybe some color on that would be helpful.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, Ken. This is Tom McGough. As we look at our Q4 results, there's a couple of things that highlight. One, we did demonstrate very strong sequential improvement in the fourth quarter as a result of lapping comparable pricing but also as a result of increasing our marketing investments. We've improved our margins throughout the year and we're seeing very positive share impact from our marketing investments, particularly in frozen, our shelf-stable and refrigerated portfolio. As you highlighted, we continue to see non-measured channels grow at a much faster rate than the measured channels. And as we enter the summer season, we have secured some very strong seasonal merchandising programs that have put us in a position for good volume performance. So overall, we're very pleased with the quality of our organic volume growth.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And I would just add that we are staying disciplined on our pricing architecture. We're certainly going to be competitive, but we're staying disciplined there.
Operator: And we'll move now to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My question's mainly on Ralcorp. So if I -- if David's math was correct, as I think you agreed to, implies something like 20% growth over the next 3 years starting in '14 in the Ralcorp EBIT. And that's not something that any private label company that's publicly traded has ever been able to achieve. So I just want to play devil's advocate here and understand why a private label business in a volatile commodity environment would be able to grow its earnings at those -- at that rate. And I think your guidance also implies stronger sales growth than the company's -- than Ralcorp is currently producing and has produced historically. So you're cost-cutting and you're going to see an acceleration in sales growth and, at the end of the day, you're going to produce 20% or so growth in EBITDA. I understand that some of that is related to an easy comp because they're coming from some depressed earnings. Could you just conceptually help me understand what the step change here is going to be? And so what's the risk that you're not able to achieve these targets on the Ralcorp side?
John F. Gehring: Yes. Akshay, this is John. Let me start with that, then I might turn it over to others for some comments. But I think as others have highlighted the math, the earnings growth is driven an awful lot by the synergies. That's what's driving the math. We feel very confident about the source of those synergies. And just to reiterate things we've talked about earlier, most of those synergies are going to come from our supply chain. We have good line of sight in terms of the opportunities, in terms of procurement and as well as opportunities we think we have around rationalizing manufacturing and logistics networks. Those latter 2 tend to take more time. The other thing I would just point out mechanically is those synergies apply to the whole enterprise, not just to the Ralcorp business. So as those synergies are realized, what you'll actually see is some additional tailwinds apply to some of the other businesses. The other thing that I think we feel very good about is the fact that we see an opportunity in the marketplace. We see good tailwinds that we believe in, in terms of the long-term tailwinds from -- and trends in private label. We think we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on that. And when we look at the kinds of customer relationships we have, combined with the customer relationships that the Ralcorp team brings, we do think there is a 1 plus 1 equals 3. And maybe I'll have Gary comment a little bit more on the customer side.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. You heard me talk earlier about those customer meetings. I'll tell you 2 reasons why we believe that we can impact the top line on Ralcorp. And we're not shooting for the moon here, but we do expect that we can drive better top line growth starting later this year. And those 2 reasons are: one, as we mentioned, Ralcorp's own restructuring efforts that started maybe 6 months or so before the acquisition frankly cut the organization too deeply, particularly on the sales front; and number two, as we've said before, Ralcorp got upside-down on a few key commodities and priced beyond the appropriate price gaps in some categories at some customers. So we are very diligently working on both issues. Obviously, it takes some time to get it right and to work through the system, including getting the pricing all the way to the shelf, but it's very much in process. So we're in this for the long haul and we're going to do it right. And that's why we have so much confidence in those numbers.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst: This is Scott Barber [ph] filling in for Thilo. Unfortunately, all my questions have been asked and answered, so I have no further questions at this time.
Operator: And we'll move now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I missed this, but can you give us some color on what you're expecting for inflation in both Ralcorp and Consumer Foods for next year?
John F. Gehring: Yes. I think across our whole portfolio, Jason, we're looking at low single digits. I'd call that probably in the 2% to 3% range right now as we enter the year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You mentioned being upside-down in some contracts for Ralcorp this past year. Should we expect any of that to reverse? It sounds like low single digits would be, no, not really, it's not like you've got a windfall coming there.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I don't know that -- I wouldn't view it as a windfall. I think we've got the problem out of the way. And this is on some of the limit areas where they had some issues. And as we look at a very, very large buy across the whole enterprise, I'm not sure any benefits there would be significant.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I think the benefit there is we will be able to reverse some of the price gap issues that we've had. And again, that takes time to work through the system, Jason, as you know, but I think that's where the real benefit comes from. That top line, it'll take a bit of time, but we'll see a better performance there because of that.
Operator: And we'll move now to Deutsche Bank's Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I have 2 questions. First, on the Lamb Weston business, how quickly can you change that? What accounts are available to you? I assume you have to take it from somebody else who supply in the frozen french fries, so why are you going to get that? And then on the Ralcorp business, I understand your comfort level, I guess, at some point in raising sales guidance beyond fiscal '18 to 3% to 4%, which implies an acceleration in that business. But with the weakness this year, I mean, what should we look forward from that, I guess, new kind of Private Labels segment or the Ralcorp business between now and fiscal '17, top line?
Paul T. Maass: I'll go and hit on the -- this is Paul -- on the Lamb Weston question. And the transition, it will be relatively short. The capacity kind of in the industry is one that I'd describe as relatively capacity-constrained, so it's relatively tight. So it's fair to describe it as more of a 0 sum game. It doesn't exactly work out one month to the next, but when you think about it over the course of the year, I believe the transition will work its way through in that type of a time frame.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And Eric, on the Ralcorp question, this is John, I'll take that. Kind of consistent with my comments earlier, I think '14, we're going to work to stabilize the business and I think we'll start to see some improvement in the back half of FY '14. As I commented earlier, I think 2015 will be a year where we start to see some organic growth in that Ralcorp business. And then from there out to 2018, I would just expect us to see a gradual improvement as we'll then start to approach that higher growth rate over time. So kind of stabilized improvement in '15 and gradual or sequential improvement after that.
Operator: And we'll hear a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I come back to Ralcorp and cereals? Other companies are saying that adult cereals are quite weak right now and private label trends look weak in the measured channels. I think you mentioned price gaps being a factor there, but what gives you the confidence that those trends can be reversed and reinvigorated?
John F. Gehring: Sure. Alexia, you're right about the price gaps. That's one of the places where it's the most egregious and we will get those price gaps back to the appropriate levels. We also have a pretty significant amount of innovation coming in that space and we think we can do even more there with our innovation capabilities. And then probably, most importantly, while cereal is certainly an important category for us, we have a very, very broad portfolio. So there may be some more challenges in some categories than others, more opportunities in some than others, so I wouldn't really speak to the macro in cereal from our perspective. I'd probably leave that best to the bigger branded players.
Operator: And we have a question now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Clay Crumbliss: This is Clay Crumbliss on for Rob. I know you guys said that you're not in a position to provide financial details on the Ralcorp integration, but I wanted to see if you could maybe provide us with a time line that you'd be able to give us that clarity. And then two, maybe even if you could just give us a directional number, that would be helpful. Even though we'll strip those out, it would be good to get a sense for how onerous the integration will be to know if we're talking in the $50 million range or $500 million.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And I think -- this is John -- I'm going to address it from a restructuring standpoint. Is that the restructuring, what you're referring to?
Clay Crumbliss: Yes, that's right.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I'm not going to provide a lot of details here. I think from a timeline standpoint, I think some of the early activities you're expecting in integration and some of the early costs, I think, are already underway. And we talked about those in some of our comparability items the last couple of quarters, things related to severance, et cetera. And I think some of those will go on for a few more quarters. I think the things that are a little harder to quantify right now will be things related really to changing our manufacturing network, optimizing our logistics networks. I think as you can appreciate, those questions tend to be fairly complex. We do a lot of modeling and a lot of complex planning on that. So I don't have specific numbers, but as I said in my comments, we're confident that the cash requirements for those are not going to cause any significant change in our capital allocation plans or debt repayment plans. We think that will all be very manageable within the cash resources we have and the commitments we've made.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, again, for attending and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. We're pleased with the overall accomplishments during the quarter, and here I'll mention a few. We grew profits in the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods operating segments. This occurred as we significantly increased our marketing investment to build for the future and take advantage of better margins. We completed the acquisition of Ralcorp, which is truly transformational for our company, putting us in a position for faster growth and participating in a very exciting space within our industry: private brands. While it's still very early, we're making good progress on integration and identifying growth synergies. And shortly after quarter end, we announced an agreement to form the Ardent Mills JV, which we expect will also be transformational and which brings together terrific leadership in the milling industry to meet changing customer and consumer demands. John and I will provide more detail on those accomplishments and update you on our business, and then we'll open the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A document or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. I'm pleased with our third quarter results and with what we're expecting to deliver for the full fiscal year. Diluted EPS on a comparable basis was $0.55 for the third quarter, up 4%, with both the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments posting profit growth while we significantly increased marketing investment. In terms of the quarter's EPS performance, it's worth pointing out that our incremental marketing investment was about $0.04 per share this quarter for our base business. That's part of the strategy we discussed earlier this year of taking advantage of better Consumer Foods margins to reinvest back in the business for long-term benefits. As you know, we raised guidance in February for fiscal 2013 to comparable EPS of approximately $2.15, which we are reaffirming today. That's a 17% improvement over the previous fiscal year on a comparable basis. As we communicated before, the EPS guidance of $2.15 reflects about $0.05 of expected contribution from the Ralcorp business. As a reminder, we owned Ralcorp for only 27 days in the third quarter. In terms of our operations, let me start with the Consumer Foods segment, where sales were up 7%, driven by acquisitions. Volumes improved sequentially by about a point but continued to reflect the challenges in the marketplace. Organic volume was down 3% and price/mix was favorable by about the same amount. As of now, we have lapped most of the significant pricing we took last fiscal year to deal with inflation. We're confident that volumes will continue to sequentially improve in Q4 and into fiscal 2014, and we expect to see less contribution from pricing for that same reason. Acquisitions drove the biggest part of the overall sales growth in Consumer Foods this quarter. We've not yet lapped all the acquisitions we completed over the last few quarters that pertain to this segment, and several of our brands posted good organic results as well. As an example, we're seeing good growth from our Hunt's canned tomatoes as we advertise to communicate their FlashSteamed difference. Andr told you at CAGNY about the work we're doing in tomatoes at the retail level. That work, along with the A&P spend, is driving growth in this important center store category. We also saw strong growth from Ro*Tel Tomatoes. Both Hunt's and Ro*Tel products took share, grew volume and grew net sales during the quarter. Ro*Tel is a great example of a brand with a very strong regional following that's growing into a national presence benefiting from strong A&P. PAM cooking spray and Reddi-wip toppings both did well this quarter. They both gained share and grew sales dollars and volumes. As with other brands, very clear point-of-difference advertising has played a big role in their growth. And Marie Callender's continued on its winning streak with gains in net sales, share and volume. You heard us talk about Marie's success at CAGNY. Not only is the food fantastic, Marie has also benefited from messaging that is true to the brand's personality. Our intent is to be very pragmatic with our messaging and clearly point out the reason to buy our brands, capturing what sets our great offerings apart from the competition. This makes for a strong connection with today's consumer mindset where everyone wants to know exactly what they're getting for their hard-earned dollar. We're committed to investing behind our brands as part of developing loyalty for the long term. As you've heard us say before, we have a strong innovation pipeline and continue to introduce great new items that build on platforms we've been developing. At CAGNY, we shared with you some of the latest in terms of baked microwave innovation, frozen desserts and frozen breakfast. New items like these are a key reason for our confidence in our company's future. Consumer Foods grew comparable operating profit by 3%, which, as I've said before, includes a 33% increase in marketing as we build for the future and take advantage of improved margins. This investment was made possible by the margin benefits stemming from pricing discipline, good cost savings and more manageable inflation. We're working hard to integrate our acquisitions. With regard to the Ralcorp business, which is reported in its own segments, we had only a few weeks worth of contribution during the quarter, having closed the deal on January 29. In aggregate, these assets gave us $292 million of sales and $22 million of comparable operating profit for that time frame. We're in the early days of incorporating this portfolio into the ConAgra Foods family. In the near term, the focus is on tactical pricing adjustments and supply chain efficiencies as well as organizational development work. We expect this acquisition to generate about $0.05 of net EPS benefit this fiscal year, and in that $0.05 per share projection, we have, of course, planned for customer transition matters and disruptions. We feel good about having closed this transformational transaction earlier than planned, and we're confident that the progress we've already made in integration will serve us as a good foundation for growth. We have distinct, focused resources working on the integration, covering all facets of operations so that we consider all opportunities for top and bottom line synergies. We've already identified some product sourcing opportunities where the existing ConAgra Foods businesses can add value to Ralcorp products, and we've begun to identify top line opportunities. We're integrating at a pace and sequence that will optimize the long-term growth of this major acquisition, so we are obviously being deliberate and thorough up front to make sure the integration drives success. It's extremely important that we play this out for the long term and that we set ourselves up for success. We, of course, will find some opportunities to course correct and other places to build upon Ralcorp's successes. There will clearly be some bumps and bruises as we put these 2 companies together. We expect that, we plan for that, and we ask for a bit of patience while we learn the landscape. I can tell you that we are very confident in our ability to achieve all the cost synergies we've discussed with you, and we knew it would take a little longer to turn the customer-facing side of this into the sustainable, organic growth engine that we desire. But I am just as confident we will get there. We clearly believe that the consumer and customer demand for private brands is not only here to stay but will play a leading role in the industry's growth. That's the primary reason for the Ralcorp transaction, and as we capitalize on the potential for private brands, we're confident it will serve our shareholders well. Moving on to Commercial Foods. The segment performed well on the fiscal third quarter, up in sales, but up more significantly in profit. Profit was up 18% from a year ago, primarily reflecting favorable wheat market conditions, good volumes, mix and operating efficiencies in the ConAgra Mills operation. Lamb Weston potato operations posted modest profit growth, largely as planned, given the nature of the comparison. They had a really strong quarter a year ago. Lamb Weston's international volumes declined in a few key Asian markets, but the future outlook globally is still bright. For some context on the U.S. market, the competitive landscape in the U.S. has become a bit more intense given how some major customers are handling their bidding processes. We've dealt with this before as a company. We'll prioritize our capacity for the right mix and manage through it over time. Lamb Weston continues to focus on high-potential, high-margin products such as Sweet Potato Fries, which continue to show growth, and to provide other innovative solutions and strong customer service. I'm sure most of you saw our announcement last month about our agreement to form Ardent Mills. Ardent Mills will combine the operations of ConAgra Mills and Horizon Milling, and the ownership of the new company will be shared between ConAgra Foods, Cargill and CHS. We expect the transaction to close late this calendar year. Ardent Mills will bring together outstanding leadership in the milling industry in order to continue to meet growing and changing customer and consumer demands. We believe this company will be the go-to company in terms of innovation, customer service and efficiencies and, in the process, generate substantial cost synergies. Ardent Mills will have a broad footprint and network of facilities in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, including 44 flour mill locations, 3 bakery mix facilities and 1 specialty bakery. We expect Ardent Mills to be accretive to our earnings over the long term given the growth potentials and synergies, and we're excited for the future of Ardent Mills. We believe the formation of Ardent Mills will contribute to our long-term earnings growth potential while removing some volatility from our sales. All in all, we're pleased with the very strong year that fiscal 2013 is shaping up to be. In the third quarter, we achieved good profits for our base business, closed on a transformational deal, made significant investment in marketing and innovation, and we also set up our milling business for a great future as part of a focused joint venture. I look forward to our year-end discussion in June when we can share our view of fiscal 2014 and our upwardly revised long-term goals as a result of the Ralcorp transaction. With that, I'll turn it over to John for more financial details.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I am going to touch on 6 topics this morning: our third quarter performance highlights; some Ralcorp acquisition matters; comparability matters; the recently announced agreement to form a new flour milling venture, Ardent Mills; cash flow, capital and balance sheet items; and finally, some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2013. Let's start with the fiscal third quarter performance highlights. Overall, the third quarter results reflect a continuation of the good financial performance that we saw in the first half of the fiscal year. As we previously noted, we have significantly increased our marketing investments and are lapping stronger performance in the back half of the fiscal year. So while we're pleased with our financial performance, our year-over-year profit growth is more modest this quarter. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.9 billion, up 13%, driven by the addition of Ralcorp as well as pricing and acquisitions in our consumer segment. In our Commercial Foods segment, where sales were up modestly, pricing and mix improvements offset modest volume declines. Net sales also reflect the impact of higher year-over-year wheat prices in our flour milling operations. Also for the fourth quarter, we recorded fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.29 versus $0.67 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, including significant cost related to our recent Ralcorp acquisition, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.55 versus $0.53 in the prior year quarter, a 4% increase. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few highlights starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales were approximately $2.3 billion, up about 7% from the year-ago period. This reflects about 7 points of growth from acquisitions. Organic net sales were essentially flat and reflect favorable price/mix of about 3% and a base volume decline of about 3%, which represents a sequential improvement over the second quarter. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit adjusted for items impacting comparability was $289 million or up about 3% from the year-ago period. The operating profit improvement reflects the benefit from acquisitions, our margin management initiatives, moderating product cost inflation and a significant and planned increase in marketing cost. The impact from foreign exchange this quarter on both net sales and operating profit for the segment was immaterial. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $80 million in the quarter. For the fiscal third quarter, we experienced inflation of about 1%, a bit better than our expectations. On marketing, Consumer Foods' advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $120 million, up about 45% from the prior year quarter, principally driven by a $27 million or 33% increase in marketing investments in our base business. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion, or up about 1%, reflecting pricing and mix improvements across the segment, which were partially offset by a 1% volume decline driven by lower Lamb Weston volumes. The pass-through of higher wheat costs in the milling operations had a positive $17 million impact on net sales for this fiscal quarter. The Commercial Foods segment's operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, increased 18% from the year-ago period to $177 million. The strong year-over-year performance reflects improvement in our milling operations and modest improvement at Lamb Weston over a very strong prior year quarter. Moving on to corporate expenses. For this quarter, corporate expenses, adjusted for items impacting comparability, were $84 million for the quarter versus $61 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects higher incentive compensation costs and the addition of the Ralcorp corporate expenses. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be in the range of 34%. Now let me comment briefly on the Ralcorp business. Our results reflect almost 4 weeks of operations from this acquisition. Net sales for the Ralcorp business were approximately $292 million, and operating profit, excluding items impacting comparability, was approximately $22 million, about what we projected. The net accretion for our fiscal fourth quarter should also be in line with our earlier expectations, and we are comfortable with our fiscal 2013 accretion estimate for Ralcorp of about $0.05 per share. During the integration period and until we implement long-term organization changes related to the Ralcorp acquisition, we will report the results of Ralcorp's operations in 2 segments: the Ralcorp Food Group segment and the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery Products segment. As we go forward, our focus is going to be on the EBIT, synergy and EPS accretion goals for Ralcorp that we shared with you at CAGNY. During our first year of ownership, we won't focus on year-over-year results for a few reasons. First, our focus will be on the information covered in our historical financial statements, which obviously will exclude prior year Ralcorp information during the first year. Similarly, we expect to manage the Ralcorp business differently. For instance, our approach to commodity management, pricing and balancing margin management and growth will be different, so the past Ralcorp performance won't be our reference point. And finally, we have a number of reporting and systems matters, such as changes in fiscal periods, units of measure and segment reporting that we will be working through in the first year. Those can be pretty complex from a housekeeping standpoint and will likely preclude us from having useful comparisons to the prior year. Obviously, our goal is to provide transparency into the performance of the Ralcorp business in terms of the current contribution to our results, and our focus will be on the near-term goals we shared at CAGNY. Overall, we're excited about the opportunities that this acquisition provides us for long-term growth and attractive accretion over the next couple of years driven by strong synergies. Now I'll move on to my next topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.26 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter's reported EPS related to several items. The most significant comparability item this quarter relates to acquisition matters, including transaction-related costs, acquisition-related restructuring and integration costs. As you might expect, the vast majority of these costs relate to our recent acquisition of Ralcorp. In all, we recorded approximately $102 million or $0.16 per share of acquisition-related expenses. We also incurred about $13 million or $0.03 per share of incremental tax expense related to the adverse impact of the transaction cost on our income tax rate this quarter. Next, on hedging for the fiscal third quarter. The net hedging expense included in corporate expenses was approximately $27 million or $0.04 per share. In addition, in the fiscal third quarter, we recognized an impairment charge of approximately $10 million or $0.02 per share related to assets that we acquired last fiscal year in connection with the bankruptcy proceedings of a supplier. And finally, we incurred about $5 million or $0.01 per share of expense related to historical legacy environmental matters. Next, I'll address the recently announced agreement to form a new flour milling venture, Ardent Mills. As noted in our March 5 announcement, ConAgra Foods, Cargill and CHS will contribute their respective flour milling operations to Ardent Mills on a cash-free, debt-free basis. ConAgra Foods and Cargill will each own 44% of Ardent Mills, with CHS owning 12%. We will account for our ownership as an equity method investment. As we don't expect this transaction to close until late in the calendar year, we expect it to have no material impact on our fiscal 2013 results. We're very excited about the transaction and its potential to create significant value over time as cost synergies are realized. It will be modestly dilutive to earnings per share initially, as interest cost and higher amortization will not be fully offset by the cost synergies realized at first. However, over time, we expect a significant level of value creation from combining the flour milling operation -- from combining these flour milling operations driven by compelling cost synergies. Also, as noted in the announcement, we currently expect the new entity to be self-financed through cash flow from operations and its own bank debt and credit facility. The structure and amount of the Ardent Mills debt financing will be determined during the pre-closed period. We, along with Cargill and CHS, intend to receive cash distributions from Ardent Mills at closing. Based on initial estimates, we expect to receive a distribution of approximately $400 million, and we currently expect to use those proceeds to accelerate our debt repayment plans related to the Ralcorp acquisition debt. Next, I'll cover my fifth topic: cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $724 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business, and for fiscal year 2013, we expect to deliver operating cash flows in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. This estimate reflects the cash flow impacts from the Ralcorp transaction and its operations. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full fiscal year, the increase in working capital will be driven by our acquisitions as we continue to maintain our focus on cash conversion cycle metrics in our base businesses. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $109 million versus $79 million in the prior year period. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to be approximately $500 million, including fiscal 2013 CapEx related to our recently announced expansion at our Lamb Weston facility in Boardman, Oregon, and including approximately $50 million related to the recently acquired Ralcorp business. Net interest expense was $71 million in the fiscal third quarter versus $50 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is primarily driven by the additional interest expense related to the Ralcorp acquisition. Dividends for the quarter increased from $99 million in the year-ago quarter to $101 million, reflecting a higher dividend rate partially offset by a lower number of shares. On capital allocation, as we noted at CAGNY, our capital allocation priority through fiscal 2015 will be the repayment of debt. As I previously noted, we expect to use the proceeds from the Ardent Mills transaction to accelerate and increase the targeted level of debt repayment through fiscal 2015. I would also note that our net debt balance at the end of our fiscal third quarter is somewhat lower than we had planned, as more cash was available at the close of the Ralcorp transaction. Subsequent to quarter end, we paid off $566 million of certain Ralcorp private placement debt to complete our acquisition financing plans. Additionally, we are on track to repay $300 million of debt before the end of our fiscal 2013. Therefore, we are off to a very good start on improving our leverage ratios. As previously announced, we expect to maintain our current annual dividend rate at $1 per share as we delever, and we expect to significantly reduce our share repurchases during this time as well. And while we plan to constrain our acquisition activity in the near term as we repay debt, we will continue to prudently support the right investments for our business, including investments to support innovation, production capacity and our cost savings initiatives. Now onto our outlook. We continue to expect our fiscal year 2013 fully diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to be approximately $2.15. This guidance reflects the benefit from owning Ralcorp for about 4 months of the fiscal year. In our outlook for Ralcorp, we have taken into account factors such as seasonality, market conditions, contract timing and transition impacts, and we remain comfortable with about $0.05 of EPS benefit in fiscal 2013 and $0.25 in 2014. We currently expect the fiscal fourth quarter to show strong year-over-year earnings growth that reflects the contributions from Ralcorp and other acquisitions, marketing costs comparable to the prior year quarter and a soft lap in our flour milling business. Overall, we are very pleased with the financial performance and the strong earnings growth from our fiscal 2012 comparable base. As we said at CAGNY, we expect to provide our estimate for our fiscal 2014 earnings and our updated long-term algorithm when we communicate our fiscal fourth quarter earnings this summer. Aside from the information we provided on the pending Ardent Mills transaction, we don't have any additional details to offer today on our fiscal 2014 plan or on our long-term algorithm. That concludes our formal remarks. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First off, thanks for breaking out the Ralcorp results separately. It does help quite a bit with transparency, both Ralcorp and on the core. I guess my question is, is on Ralcorp specifically. Obviously, it can be a challenge to model a deal in the initial stages, the first 27 days. And as you said, the year-over-year comps may be tough to assess for a while given how you're going to run the business going forward. But the results, at least in the quarter, for Ralcorp top and bottom line were a bit below what we were looking for. So I was hoping you could maybe help put some of the Ralcorp results into maybe better context so we can get a sense of how we should think about it going forward. In other words, maybe what are some of the trends in some of the key Ralcorp businesses right now? We know that private label in general had a bit of a tougher year in 2012. And what is your comment around -- I think you said the need to make some tactical pricing adjustments at Ralcorp. How does that play into that as well?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. I would tell you, obviously, we are really very positive on being able to get this deal closed and on that long-term opportunity being very consistent with our Recipe for Growth. And as you said, it is only 27 days. And actually as of today, I think, we're in week 9, so it's still a very steep learning curve. There clearly, as we expected, are some normal disruptions, including some top line challenges, as you noted. And I would say those stem primarily from some disruption -- their own integration, which they were about 6 months into as we entered the picture, and then, of course, our integration on top of that. And then I would tell you, as we get into it, we've seen that they had gotten upside down on several key commodities, and those tactical pricing adjustments you mentioned, clearly, those are in process. As we take a look at things that need course correction and employ our Center of Excellence on revenue growth management, risk management, et cetera, we are in process of making those adjustments. So I'd say that clearly is probably -- those 2 things are clearly right in our -- on top of our radar screen that we are working on and are -- have impacted those results in that first 27 days. But we are very, very confident in terms of the numbers that we have shared, both at CAGNY and here today, and that is really driven by a very strong sense of conviction on our supply chain efficiencies. We're well underway there and believe we will deliver all of those, and we also believe, as we get into it, we are starting to see some top line growth synergies as well. So this whole notion of very strong vision or conviction on leveraging our scale and our CPG capabilities into this very fragmented space, that's going to play out. We remain very confident on that, and we don't take -- we really don't take too much message from this first 27 days.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just second, volume in consumers, you mentioned, was sequentially better, still off about 3%. I guess, in the most recent scanner data, it looked a bit better, and obviously with some of the increased marketing you did this quarter and the lapping of some of the pricing, are you starting to already see sort of, again, even more sequentially improved volume results as you go into the fiscal fourth quarter?
Andr J. Hawaux: Andrew, this is Andr. I'm going to take that question, and I'm going to elaborate on it a little bit more than even the question that you asked. But to answer to your question, yes, we are. We're seeing much more positive scanner data, as I'm sure you are as well, for the start of our fourth quarter. And we're very optimistic that our fourth quarter volume performance trend that you'll see will be significantly improved from where we were in Q3. So let me share a little bit -- because I know there's a lot of investors thinking about our volume in consumer for Q3. Let me identify where the -- really, the issues were in 3 brands that made up about 90% of our miss, and that was Banquet frozen, Chef Boyardee and Orville microwave popcorn. So let me take each of those and talk a little bit about each one of them. One is Banquet. We've been talking about this brand all year, and it really has to do with the significant amount of pricing we took on this value brand at the beginning of our fiscal year. So we, finally, have lapped that, and as we look at Q4 numbers in the start of Q4, we're seeing that brand turnaround pretty significantly, as we expected. So that's been a pretty consistent pattern, and that was because of the volume miss in Q3. We see that getting better in Q4. Chef Boyardee was simply one thing. It was timing of merchandising. The merchandising that we had versus a year ago, which was in Q3, is now in Q4, and that corrects itself, as you'll see, in the Q4 results. The last one is probably the smallest amount of our miss, but it was a miss nonetheless, and that was in Orville Redenbacher's microwave popcorn. It's probably one that's going to require us to get -- to do a little bit more work on how do we get this microwave popcorn category back to growth, and that's something we're continuing to work on. So based on the shipment trends I'm seeing early in the fourth quarter as well as the IRI consumption numbers, I think we're very optimistic that we're going to see the Q4 results on volumes significantly get stepped up from where they were in Q3. And hopefully, that provides the audience some perspective on our volume issues in Q3.
Operator: And we'll move now to Bank of America's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 follow-ups, I guess, to Andrew's questions. One, first, in terms of Ralcorp, was there any sort of disruption or static just because the business was in transition, you were changing hands? Had customers maybe ordered more ahead of time to -- just to make sure that they weren't going to -- have a little of that extra safety stock ahead of the transition from Ralcorp to ConAgra? And is that at all a factor of kind of what you're dealing with now?
Gary M. Rodkin: Bryan, I don't think we've seen any evidence of that. There's the normal customer impatience, I would say, with, "Hey, the deal is done. We want to see all the benefits of it today." And obviously, as we talked through it, they start to be -- understand that the integration takes a little while. But I can tell you from a customer standpoint, we've had one major top-to-top recently really talking about our story of trying to move from a very transactional or procurement-based model in private brands to a much more strategic partnership long term that would leverage those capability and scale that we have, and it was extremely positive, very engaged, and gave us a really good feeling that we're on the right track. But to your original question, I don't think we saw any evidence of inventory loading.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the marketing spend in the quarter, just 2 areas. Could you give us a little color in terms of where you're spending? And then maybe also just in terms of payback, what the time frame you're looking for in terms of seeing that affect the revenue growth. And then also just, is this now part of the base? As we go into next year, is this sort of a permanent re-basing of the marketing budget, or would you expect to see maybe a further increase next year?
Andr J. Hawaux: Bryan, this is Andr. I'm going to take that. Let me tell you where we're spending the money. I'll give you some color as to the brands. But it's really in, I would call, 4 buckets. The ones -- the primary one is brands that we're seeing very solid growth in. Gary articulated some of those. But we're doubling down some of the spending on brands that, I would call it, that have the hot hand. So brands such as Marie Callender's, PAM and Reddi-wip, which were cited earlier, where we're gaining unit share, we're gaining dollar share and our marketplace performance is very, very strong. The other areas we're devoting marketing to is in our innovation space. So one of the areas where we put some money behind in the quarter was, as we're starting to launch and get this to more scale in Orville ready-to-eat, as an example, we're putting some money there. And obviously, we're doing some development work on the innovation that will be launched in the new fiscal year, fiscal '14, with respect to a lot of the innovation you saw at CAGNY. So there's dollars going behind innovation. We also are putting dollars behind brands that are expanding that are very strong regionally today that are growing, and we're expanding their footprint. So Gary mentioned one, which was Ro*Tel. We're also doing that with a very strong brand we have, Rosarita, as well as Wolf Chili, as they get out of their markets. So there's dollars going there. And lastly, we're starting to get into what we call big-platform marketing in the Shopper Marketing area, so many of you -- many consumers will see -- I mean, we're kicking it off officially, Child Hunger Ends Here, our big fourth quarter Shopper Marketing promotion that will be out there that we kick off at the Country Music Awards this coming weekend. So we're starting to get into this big platform-based marketing, which really good marketers in our space do that. So you'll see that's where we're spending the lion's share of our money. Second part of your question, is this really a re-basing of our marketing spending? Should we expect to see more next year? We're not going to comment on our algorithm for fiscal '14 just yet. But I think suffice it to say that, as we looked at our marketing, we looked at it on a full year basis that we needed to, this year, take the margin improvement we saw, we had the opportunity to go back and reinvest in our really strong brands. And I think you'll see us -- that's -- a lot of that has been done, and you'll see some of that leveling off. We'll talk more about what we're going to do with marketing when we talk in June about our fiscal '14 algorithm.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about -- you're sort of bucking the trend here, whereas some of the other consumer food companies we've seen lately have, and for whatever reason, in this current environment, cut their advertising spending as a percent of sales. You're going the opposite way. And I know you can't necessarily speak to what others are doing. But can you maybe talk about the environment that you're seeing that sort of allows you to do that whereas others are seeing something a little bit different out there that perhaps incents them to spend a little bit more on promotions, especially at a time when you're sort of at the end of your -- right before you're lapping your price increase from last year. Maybe you would have decided, perhaps rightly or wrongly, to invest some back in promotions as well. I'm just curious how you thought about that decision and when you came to it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken, I think you're right on the money there. There's no question that we made a conscious tradeoff. We could have dropped those marketing dollars that -- those big incremental marketing dollars into EPS growth. We chose not to do that, because we really don't guide every single quarter to try and land exactly at a specific number. So we're committed to the annual number and believe that, because we have improved our margins through the pricing architecture and our productivity, that it was a wise long-term move that we could afford to do to invest against the brands the way that Andr just articulated. So we saw that as an opportunity this year that we should start to bolster the pull side of our business and do it in a very smart way, as Andr articulated, rather than just rent the volume with short-term pricing actions, because it's not sustainable. So that's the basic thought process. There's always challenges in the marketplace, and different competitors do different things, but we've stayed pretty disciplined to our model of pricing architecture here. And that's allowed us to invest against a more long-term marketing benefit.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, are you surprised, maybe a little frustrated from a competitive standpoint that some of your competitors, at least from what we're seeing out there, are doing something -- or maybe a different decision in terms of whether to spend behind marketing or drop price down a little bit?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken, I mean, I would always love to have people compete on a marketing basis, where you've got the brands articulating the benefits and letting the consumer make the choice, rather than the short-term price discounting, because, as you know, that can lead to a very bad place ultimately, and we've been there. So yes, I would prefer it to be there, but we have to recognize that we can't really dictate what competition does. So we'll try and play our game as best we can, and so far so good.
Operator: And we'll move now to David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The question back -- with regard to, I think, it was John's comment about the Ralcorp business and the revenue and profit focus will not -- will make those results heading into fiscal '14 perhaps not comparable. That implies a pretty big shift in management style of that business. Could you perhaps dig into that a little bit more, how you're going to be managing that business differently?
John F. Gehring: Yes. Let me start, David, and I may -- if I get a little bit off track here, feel free to clarify that. But I think -- I'd say the first thing is I think the history of Ralcorp was that they focused an awful lot on acquisitions, and they were rolling up various pieces of private label, and I think one of the byproducts of that is that's an organization that, historically, has not really focused on organic growth the way we have. So it's not that they don't have good capabilities, it's not that they're really -- not really good at cost. They have good customer relationships and all those things, but their DNA was not about organic growth. So I think as we've kind of started our integration and learning about the business, I think one of the learnings we've got is that -- and one of the challenges we have is we really need to orient the business and the leaders of the business towards organic sustainable growth. So that implies some trade-offs in terms of the things you do day in, day out. They're very good and focused on margins, but we think there's a balance to be had there between short-term profits and margins and long-term sustainable growth, not different from what we just talked about in our own business and the investments we've made in A&P. So I think that's certainly an area. I think another area would be certainly, I think, how we will manage commodities and some of the capabilities we bring to really connect our commodity decisions with our marketing and pricing decisions and how we go to market. I think those are some of the muscles that we've built over the last couple of years that we'll be able to leverage. And then I think related to that, the third big area is I think this whole area of pricing architecture and how do we leverage different kinds of analytics with a focus on organic growth as we apply pricing capability. So I think there are a number of issues there in terms of how we're going to run the business differently.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, David, I would say they ran a very successful model. It's just a very different one. Theirs was acquisitions and cost savings. We are starting to talk, and they have responded extremely well to our Recipe for Growth, that keyword being growth is new muscles for them, and that's something that we're going to bring to the party.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just switching gears to the commercial side. Paul, there were some questions -- there were some comments made about how some of your major customers were putting up more for bidding, perhaps weighing on your margins, and presumably, that was on the U.S. side of the business. And then also, it's been clear that the antibiotics issue in China has weighed on the business there. Can you talk about how much that's getting better as well?
Paul T. Maass: You bet, yes. So maybe I'll start with the second part first on the international piece. We had really strong growth the first half, slight decline here in the third quarter. And I would describe it as -- it's not alarming. I think it's more timing issues is the way I would look at that, and really believe in the long-term growth, globally, as still a big opportunity for us, even though we've got to work through the short-term issues, as you mentioned. And then in the U.S. domestic business, yes, there is -- the reality, some shifts in the distribution business from relationships to category management. As we work through that, it will be a little bit clunky. And our team's very focused on driving growth and success with the customers. We'll continue to do that. I think one of the benefits is we've got a very diverse portfolio geographically and product wise and channels that we go to market in. So I think as we work through these, one particular issue doesn't turn the business upside down, but it will be new muscles that our team's got to develop to effectively work through it.
Operator: And Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research has our next question.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just had a quick question on the frozen business. I mean, obviously, we've all seen the news on Heinz. And historically, sometimes when companies are going through transactions themselves, like you've pointed out, there can be a certain dislocation. I'm just curious, have you seen -- do you expect to see any dislocation, I guess, from that core competitor within the frozen case? And if so, is part of your near-term marketing strategy also to hopefully be able to pick up some share there?
Andr J. Hawaux: Rob, this is Andr. I don't see it. I haven't seen it in the marketplace with that particular property that you mentioned, so I'm not expecting anything, but we'll be prepared to deal with things if they, in fact, do come up. Our game in frozen, as we've shared at CAGNY, is very broad based. We obviously compete now in many more locations, including breakfast and desserts, as we expand our adjacencies. That particular competitor is not necessarily in the dessert space, as an example. But we're going to play our game, as Gary has alluded to before. And we'll deal with any and all competitors as they come up. So we haven't seen anything, to answer your specific question.
Operator: And we'll hear now from Akshay Jagdale with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to -- given all the moving parts here with the acquisition, couple of questions, Gary, just regarding how, as analysts, you think we should practice success. So that's related to 2 things, and I'm very encouraged to see, obviously, the increase in marketing spending and the significant amount at that. But when we look at your reported numbers, organic growth, we don't see that reflected, right? So help me understand if there's 1 or 2 metrics that we should be looking at to judge the success of your marketing spending over the last 3 quarters going forward. And then secondly, similar to that, on the Ralcorp deal, what are the metrics we should be looking at to judge your success? Is it just the cost synergy number and being able to meet or beat that over the next year? That would be really helpful. And then secondly, on commodity costs, I was curious, you mentioned something about Ralcorp being upside down on a couple of commodities. I mean, in my estimates, your inflation base business is trending better than expected. I think you said it was 1% this quarter. We had projected Ralcorp to also be experiencing better commodity trends. So just, if you could help us understand how they're positioned, maybe how much they're hedged, and give us a sense of what you meant by upside down on a couple of commodities. That would be helpful.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, let me start on the marketing spend. I would tell you that, as you well know, it's not put a lot of money on television one night and see the volume the next day. It's a build over time. So we believe that our success should be measured on a go-forward basis on improving those volume trends. And as Andr said, we will see sequential volume improvement. We should see better performance in share in many of our categories. So I think you should look for us to show that starting in Q4 but going through F '14. That's how I would measure the impact of the marketing spend. And Chris, you want to tackle the Ralcorp?
Chris Klinefelter: Sure. On the Ralcorp, I'll just remind you that we put out some goal at the CAGNY that had to do with the incremental EBIT and synergies and EPS contribution from Ralcorp, and that's where our heads are about defining success with that acquisition. And also, just to bring you into context for, I believe, the third part of your question, John's remarks about the -- John and Gary's remarks about the commodities of Ralcorp were really more about explaining the context for why there is the requirement for tactical pricing adjustments, not necessarily to explain a margin differential in the quarter. So with that, Gary, do you have anything else you wanted to...
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just say, as we look forward, both the pricing architecture in our revenue growth management center of excellence and our risk management skill set both will be brought to bear on a go-forward basis. And I believe, as we integrate, you will see us perform differently in that regard as we look ahead.
Operator: And we'll hear now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to talk about Ardent Mills. First, congratulations for what seems to be a really savvy strategic move there. To help us understand what this business may look like afterwards, can you give us a sense of the EBIT, the DNA and the CapEx that's tied to the wheat milling business right now?
Chris Klinefelter: Jason, this is Chris. I'll say that those are beyond the scope of the details we're going to offer now. There'll be more visibility when we get to the date of close of the transaction.
Gary M. Rodkin: The one metric that you might have. The net sales is projected to be about $4.3 billion.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Of Ardent?
Gary M. Rodkin: Ardent Mills and the combined business going forward. That gives you a little bit of sense. If you look at -- ConAgra Mills, today, is about $1.8 billion and Horizon Milling's about $2.5 billion. To give you a little bit of sense of scale. I don't know if that helps, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Not really. You guys have already broken out the sales in your 10-K on the wheat milling, so it's more the profitability and the cash flow that I was trying to get to. But I can appreciate the desire to wait.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Deutsche Bank's Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two quick questions, one to John. Given the ConAgra Mills change in the structure there, and along with -- as you get your hands around Ralcorp, kind of where do you see net debt to EBITDA at the end of calendar 2013 or the end of calendar -- or fiscal '14, however you want to describe it? And then maybe a little bit more broadly, Gary, maybe you could just talk about -- this is close to Andrew's question. Private label seems to have slowed down a bit and is kind of growing, let's say, in line with branded. What do you see from the consumer, given that you now have a pretty kind of broad-based view? And I suppose QSRs being a little bit weaker is probably also a conversation to focus on.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Eric, this is John. Let me take the first piece of that. I think right now, as we look at our debt to EBITDA, again, we came out of the gates a little bit favorable to what we had modeled, just based upon some additional cash available. I think by the end of fiscal '13, we would expect to be maybe slightly below the 4x. And I expect right now, I would estimate that by the end of fiscal '14, we should be worth somewhere south of 3.5x debt to EBITDA. So again, that's probably a little bit ahead of what we had originally modeled. And, clearly, the Ardent Mills, as well as the fast start we've got, has helped us get off to a good start.
Gary M. Rodkin: Eric, there always have been kind of short-term episodic blips driven by price gaps between branded and private label, and that has narrowed over the last several quarters. But there's a really long history of these patterns. And the long-term trajectory, we are very confident, is going to continue to go upward. A couple of pieces of insight, maybe. Our research says that 74% of consumers now are more open to buying more private brands than they were 2 years ago. Another factor is you're starting to see more of this tiered business. So as we've talked about leveraging our capabilities to take private brands a bit more upmarket, you see that in some accounts, but that's a trend that we see continuing to see this almost good, better, best. And again, there's this big runway ahead, if you take a look at the U.S. penetration at 18% of sales in food and private brands and Western Europe, Canada, Australia, et cetera, significantly bigger than that. I think U.K. is double that. So when you take all that and take a look at the customers, some of the customer channels that are performing the best, and you put all that together, I would say this kind of short-term flattening on private brands is exactly that. The long-term trajectory is still very strong.
Operator: And we have a question now from Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could help me a little bit on Lamb Weston. The strong growth in that business has been great the last few years. And my perception is that it's giving you some added flexibility to reinvest in the branded side. But I guess I'm trying to understand what the message here is. I've heard comments about competition getting a little more intense and some transitions from relationships to category management, I thought I heard. So is there -- or is the outlook still for growth for Lamb Weston for the next year, or is it going to be kind of a consolidation kind of period?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Rob. Let me start with that, then I'm going to turn it over to Paul. I would characterize it as an environment now that is a bit more challenging, as Paul touched on, with a couple of key customers really changing their game a bit. But again, we've got such a big broad-based portfolio of channels, customers, geographies that we continue to see this as a growth business. But a little bit more challenging than we've had very recently. Paul?
Paul T. Maass: And I would just for sure look at it as a growth business. We're very pleased with the current results, and some of the real short-term dynamics, we'll work our way through. The global opportunity is -- continues to look bright, even though you may have a timing issue in the short term. We're committed to reinvest back into this business, when you think about even the capital investment that John mentioned with building the new plant in Boardman, Oregon. Those are the things we are going to continue to do to really grow Lamb Weston.
Operator: And we have a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions for you. The first question, in relation to Consumer Foods. If you look at the price/mix contribution in the quarter, was mix positive as well? I saw more price/mix than I expected. Was that a -- was that due to mix? Or was it just more pricing coming through than I thought?
Andr J. Hawaux: Chris, this is Andr. It was a combination of both. We had a little bit of price, as I mentioned. We've now lapped most of that going into Q4, and -- but we had good, solid mix results as well in the quarter.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then related to that, Andr, is there a promotional -- do you expect promotional spend to tick up a bit going forward? I think you mentioned a couple of categories where it's getting a little bit more heated. But is that part of your plan going forward to be a little bit more aggressive on the promotional side?
Andr J. Hawaux: No, I think we're going to watch every one of our categories as we do every day to determine what we need to do to be competitive. But again, as we talked about, our game plan for this year, fiscal '13, was all about taking that margin upside that we were going to be delivering, investing back in our brands and having the right balance that we feel we need between the push and the pull. I don't think were going to overemphasize one versus the other. We're going to be mindful that -- the reference you may have is what I mentioned about one of the big in-store Shopper Marketing events we're having with Child Hunger Ends Here, but again, that's one of our big platform bases. There's as much marketing in that as there is push tactics in terms of promotion, if you will. That's may be what you're referencing.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's what I've heard earlier. And then I just had one final one for you in -- related to the Consumer Foods. There was a comment about these -- about margin management initiatives. I was just curious if that is -- is that mix, or is that cost savings? Or is it meant to be a combination of all those factors? What does that refer to that helped the margin in the quarter?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, I think what we've been articulating is a while back, we -- as part of our Customer Connect initiative, we developed a part of our organization in customer development that was around revenue growth management, and it was all around how do we take not only pricing architecture and look at that, how do we link more closely with our procurement arms and how we buy so that the presidents are really taking a look at, holistically, at our whole margin management? And it's putting all those disciplines together, if you will, and its been something we -- a journey, Chris, we've been on for quite some time now, and having seen the very positive effects in the business this year and tail end of last year.
Operator: And we'll talk move now to Greg Hessler with Bank of America.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a question on the contribution of the milling business. The $400 million of expected monetization there, is that included in your $1.5 billion of total debt reduction number by the end of 2015, or is it incremental to that?
John F. Gehring: This is John, Greg. I would expect that will be incremental. The proceeds we use there to pay down debt will be incremental to our target.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then more like $1.9 billion. Can you also just talk about -- so after the close of the quarter, that's when the private placements came out? So can you tell us what your debt -- what your total debt number was after the close of the quarter after that action?
John F. Gehring: I don't have that in front -- I want to say it might be around $10 billion, but -- it would be just south of $10 billion. I don't have the exact numbers in front of us -- in front of me, but yes, so that would be the case. And obviously, we had a lot of cash that was sitting on the balance sheet, and so that last transaction you referred to was kind of the final transaction to complete the financing plans. So it just happened the day after the end of the quarter.
Chris Klinefelter: And this is Chris. It was something in the mid-500s was immediately reduced. So you're ...
John F. Gehring: That's correct. It was about $560 million.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release, and we're available for discussions. But this completes our call, and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, again, for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-12-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods' Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our strong second quarter performance, offer a few comments on the strategic rationale of the pending Ralcorp acquisition and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A document or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. In regard to Ralcorp, I'll remind you that we are still some time away from closing and finishing our plans for an integration timetable. Many of the financial details will need to be shared at a later date. That will be after we close -- that will be after we close the transaction, of course, complete our planning work. We won't have any new details on those matters today, and we do look forward to updating you on those in the future. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. I am very pleased with our second quarter, where we've posted good growth for both operating segments. EPS on a comparable basis was $0.57 for the second quarter, up 16%. The overall quality of the quarter was high, with strong profits even as we increased marketing investment for the base business by 18% as part of long-term brand building. We're raising our fiscal 2013 expectations to comparable EPS of at least $2.06, which includes a strong increase in marketing for the full fiscal year. That estimate does not include any fiscal 2013 benefit from the pending Ralcorp acquisition. That benefit will be determined after the transaction closes. In terms of our operations, let me start with the Consumer Foods segment, where sales were up 11%, driven by acquisitions. Organic volumes were down 4%, and price/mix was favorable by 4%. On an unrounded basis, organic volume improved sequentially from Q1 by about 60 basis points. We expected overall organic volumes to be down given consumer purchasing trends in the still challenging economy and importantly, the pricing we took in recent quarters to combat inflation is also a factor. In addition, we have been very disciplined with our pricing architecture and, in some cases, we've deliberately chosen to improve profit margin instead of growing volume. Acquisitions drove the overall sales growth, but several of our brands also posted good organic results. We expect volume trends to continue to improve sequentially throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as we more fully lap last year's price increases and as the benefit of the recent innovation, marketing and Customer Connect initiatives continue to accelerate. Frozen, as you know, is a big and important retail category. We continue to innovate here, building on our strength in frozen single-serve meals and increasing our presence in strategic adjacencies such as multi-serve meals and desserts. We're also investing in more marketing in frozen to help bring more growth to the category. With regard to the quarter, once again, the Marie Callender's brand performed well overall. Single-serve and multi-serve frozen meals showed very good growth in dollars, volume and share. The Marie Callender's Baked platform that allows the consumer to get oven-baked quality in much shorter time in a microwave is doing well, and we've taken that innovation to the Healthy Choice brand, and the baked entres are doing well there, too. We have a strong adjacency story in Marie Callender's dessert pies. We're off to a good start in the holiday season in terms of both volume and share, and our Healthy Choice Greek Frozen Yogurt, whether you look at that as a dessert or snack, has performed well since we launched that a few months ago. In other parts of the store, Reddi-wip and PAM, both leaders in the marketplace, posted very strong growth in share, dollar and unit sales. PAM's innovative new no-residue recipe focuses on its strong competitive difference. We're communicating about that now on air, and it's clearly driving sales. We also were pleased to see gains in other core businesses, driven by marketing investment, which is our Hunt's campaign -- that's on air now -- communicating the key Hunt's point of difference: flash steaming. We're looking forward to more breakthrough innovation in the new calendar year. In January, shoppers will begin seeing a new product line from Orville Redenbacher's that's unique. This innovation is called Pop Crunch and is truly different. This is a ready-to-eat popcorn with a very significant crunch. It has half the fat of a regular chip and allows us to compete in a bigger way in salty snacks. We introduced this product at the National Association of Convenience Stores trade show this fall as part of 18 new branded items. We also launched 10 store brand products, such as those from our pretzel business, as well as products like energy bars. There was a lot of excitement from the C-store owners, which, as you know, is a growing and important channel, especially when it comes to snacks. We're very pleased with the profit trends in our Consumer Foods segment. Comparable operating profit grew 8%, and that's with the 18% base business marketing increase that I mentioned earlier. Our margin management played a big role in our profit growth, and that's evident in our strong organic price/mix, as well as good productivity efficiencies. We're also incurring more manageable inflation and the benefit of some good hedge positions. Overall, those elements mean higher margin dollars relative to the year-ago period. Acquisitions meaningfully contributed to the profit growth. We've done 6 transactions over the last 12 months or so, all good businesses that strengthen our foundation. And I'm happy to report the integration of those acquisitions is going well. Moving on to Commercial Foods, the segment performed well in the fiscal second quarter, up in both sales and profit. Our Lamb Weston potato operations performed well with notable success in international markets and ongoing strong operating efficiencies. Lamb Weston posted favorable price/mix and good volume. Demand for our potato products is strong, requiring us to add capacity. We announced last month a $200-million expansion to our Boardman, Oregon plant -- potato processing plant, which will increase our capacity for making french fries and other frozen potato products. Within ConAgra Mills, as a reminder, last year's second quarter milling profits were very strong, making for an extremely tough comp. So as expected, we experienced a slight year-over-year decline in that business this quarter. We're pleased with the productivity, cost savings and mix of products sold in our Commercial segment overall, and we continue to focus on products and innovation that drive both the top and bottom line. As we mentioned last quarter, although retail demand for food prepared at home continues to be a bit soft, away-from-home eating occasions, particularly in QSRs, have held up well, and we've benefited from that in our Commercial Foods segment. We've had success in bringing innovation into the commercial and foodservice space, which has helped our mix across this business segment. And that focus on innovation and efficiencies is representative of our commitment to helping our customers grow. Before I move on to offer a few comments about Ralcorp and our excitement about the benefits of that pending transaction, I'll repeat that we are pleased, very pleased, with the organic performance of our core operations in both segments. You've heard me talk before about how critical it was for us to get our foundation right, and we have made an incredible amount of progress on that. I'd like to say thank you in this holiday season to my team, who's worked so hard to get us here. From the very substantial cost savings generated by our supply chain over the last several years to our industry-leading platform innovation approach, to our strength in customer partnerships and our more disciplined pricing architecture, we're seeing the benefits of our improved operating capabilities across our business. It's that type of progress with the foundation of our company that gives us confidence to significantly add to our portfolio. It's great to be in a position to leverage our capabilities for accelerated growth, and that's exactly what we've begun with the 6 recently completed transactions. And of course, it's our plan with Ralcorp. The Recipe for Growth has us focused on 3 main areas: one, core adjacencies; two, international; and three, private label. All of the 6 completed transactions we've announced over the past 12 months or so have been aligned with this direction. We've exercised strong financial discipline, and we're well positioned for growth. The Ralcorp transaction will clearly be a game changer in terms of our private label footprint, and it supports our goal to be the fastest-growing and true industry leader in the private label space. We're very excited about this for 3 main reasons: first, the growth prospects for private label in general; second, the strong private label business and market segment leadership that Ralcorp has; and third, the CPG capabilities that we can bring to this business. Along with the talented Ralcorp team, we plan to utilize our CPG capabilities to accelerate top line growth, realize synergies and strengthen strong customer relationships. Our innovation, supply chain, category management insights and other consumer-centric -- customer- and consumer-centric capabilities will help us to drive strong top and bottom line results from this business over time. In our view, the private label opportunity for the future is one that retains the customer responsiveness and agility while adding strong CPG capabilities to partner with growing customers. And it's a different business from the one that many people historically associated with private label. Meaning, one where it was only about low price, low margin, product emulation and generic packaging. The business has evolved a lot from there based on customer and consumer expectations, with Ralcorp playing a key leadership role. Therefore, our focus will be on value-added opportunities with strategically important customers, taking a business model for private label that we expect will consistently post strong top line and bottom line growth over time. We're confident that we can manage this business well alongside our branded operations. We've been doing a version of this for many years and understand where the 2 types of businesses need to be separate for marketplace reasons and where they can be combined for efficiencies. We'll be working with the Ralcorp team to figure out the optimal structure. We're not in a position today to discuss specifics on organizational design, but the point I want to make is that we respect the differences in the 2 types of business, and we will absolutely find the right balance. I'll also reinforce that we expect this deal to be accretive in the short term and long term and will say more about financial details when we're further along in the process. In closing, we believe it's a great time to be part of the ConAgra Foods team with all the exciting developments underway and ongoing confidence in sustainable, profitable growth. At this point, I'll wish you all happy holidays and turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 4 topics this morning: our second quarter performance highlights; comparability matters; cash flow, capital and balance sheet items; and finally some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2013. Before I start, I'll remind you that my comments today will focus predominantly on the results of and our expectations for our base business, exclusive of the impacts from our recently announced and pending acquisition of Ralcorp. As we've noted a couple of times, and during our conference call last week -- or a few weeks ago, we do expect to provide a more complete update on the impact of the Ralcorp acquisition on our 2013 and 2014 fiscal years in due course after the transaction has closed. At that point, we will be in a position to provide more details on matters such as the near-term performance expectations for the Ralcorp business, the financing structure, the purchase price allocation, synergy timing, as well as other matters. Now let me address our business, starting with the fiscal second quarter performance highlights. Overall, the second quarter results reflect a continuation of the good business trends that we saw in the first quarter. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.7 billion, up 9%, driven by pricing and acquisitions in our Consumer Foods segment. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we had modest volume gains in Lamb Weston, as well as improved mix and pricing across the segment. Net sales also reflect the impact of higher year-over-year wheat prices in our flour milling operations. In this quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.51 versus $0.43 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.57 versus $0.49 in the prior year quarter, a 16% increase. While Gary has addressed our segment results, I would also like to touch on a few highlights, starting with our Consumer Foods segment where net sales were approximately $2.4 billion, up about 11% from the year-ago period. This reflects about 11 points of growth from acquisitions. Organic net sales were essentially flat as favorable price/mix of about 4% was offset by a base volume decline of about 4%. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $293 million, or up about 8% from the year-ago period. The operating profit improvement reflects the benefit from acquisitions, our margin management initiatives, moderating product cost inflation, as well as a significant and planned increase in marketing costs. The impact from foreign exchange this quarter on both net sales and operating profit for the segment was immaterial. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $80 million in the quarter. For the fiscal second quarter, we experienced inflation of about 2%, a bit better than our expectations. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $133 million, up about 31% from the prior year quarter and principally driven by an 18% increase in marketing investments in our base business. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion, or up about 5%, reflecting modest volume growth at Lamb Weston due in part to strong international growth. Higher net sales also reflect improved pricing and mix across the segment, including disciplined pricing to offset higher input costs. The pass-through of higher wheat cost in the milling operations had a positive $11 million impact on sales for this fiscal quarter. Commercial Foods segment's operating profit increased 5% from the year-ago period to $169 million. The strong year-over-year performance reflects continued good fundamentals in all of our commercial business units. I would also note that the prior year quarter was one of our strongest ever, so we're very pleased with this year's second quarter results. Corporate expenses, adjusted for items impacting comparability, were $63 million for the quarter versus $75 million in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year decrease reflects lower benefit costs and the favorable impact from the timing of certain costs within the year, and all of that offset by some higher incentive costs. The reported tax rate and the rate on comparable earnings for this fiscal quarter was approximately 34%. Now I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.06 of diluted share -- or $0.06 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter's reported EPS related to several items. First, on hedging. For the fiscal second quarter, the net hedging loss included in corporate expense was approximately $16 million, or $0.02 per share. In addition, we recorded approximately $15 million, or $0.03 per share, of acquisition-related expenses. Also, we have some small amounts of restructuring and related costs and rounding that accounted for the other $0.01 of comparability items. Now I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $477 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business. And for fiscal year 2013, we expect to deliver strong operating cash flows in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, exclusive of the impacts of the recently announced and pending Ralcorp acquisition. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full fiscal year, we expect that working capital improvements in our base business will contribute modestly to cash flow from continuing operations as we maintain our focus on cash conversion cycle metrics. On capital expenditures, for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $82 million versus $65 million in the prior year period. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to be in the range of $500 million, including fiscal 2013 requirements for our recently announced expansion at our Lamb Weston facility in Boardman, Oregon. Net interest expense was $53 million in the fiscal second quarter versus $51 million in the year-ago quarter. Dividends for the quarter increased from $95 million in the year-ago quarter to $97 million, reflecting a higher dividend rate, offset by a lower number of shares. Now let's turn to capital allocation. In light of the pending Ralcorp acquisition, I think it's safe to say that we have prioritized growth. The transaction is very significant and will affect our capital allocation over the next 18 to 24 months. Specifically, as we have previously noted, we intend to maintain our dividend at $1 per share and significantly reduce our share repurchase activity until we deleverage and return to more normalized debt metrics. And on share repurchases, I would note that we purchased about $170 million of our shares in the fiscal second quarter. And as of quarter end, we had approximately $280 million of available share repurchase authorization. And while we plan to constrain our acquisition activity in the near term as we repay debt, we will continue to prudently support the right investments for our business, including investments to support innovation, production capacity and our cost savings initiatives. The other elements of our balanced capital allocation approach remain unchanged. We are confident in our ability to maintain our investment grade credit rating. And while we plan to limit dividend increases over the next couple of years, we are committed to our strong dividend over the long term. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2013 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we currently expect fully diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability and excluding any impact from the Ralcorp transaction, to be at least $2.06 per share. Our fiscal 2013 earnings estimate also reflects net sales in the range -- net sales growth in the range of 7% to 8%, the sales growth for the Consumer segment expected to be in the high-single digits, primarily driven by our recent acquisitions. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we expect modest top line growth in the 3% range. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect net inflation to be around 2% to 3%. And we expect cost savings to exceed $250 million in our Consumer Foods business. Additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 is expected to be in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat from quarter-to-quarter. Overall, we're excited about our performance in the first half of the fiscal year. And as we look at the second half, we expect both operating segments to continue to execute well on the fundamentals. We also expect a strong year-over-year increase in our marketing investments in support of our brands and innovation. The second half EPS outlook also reflects a modest amount of unplanned dilution resulting from the reduction in share repurchase activity. Overall, we are confident in our ability to deliver very attractive earnings growth for fiscal 2013. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to wish everyone a happy holiday season and thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now we'd like to get to an important part of today's call, taking your questions. [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess my question is about trying to get a better sense of some of the key drivers of gross margin in the quarter. You mentioned that a number of things came in perhaps a bit more favorably in the quarter: inflation, up about 2%; strong productivity, which was up sequentially from the first quarter; and you still had 4% pricing as well. So I'm just trying to get a sense of perhaps why gross margin, at least on a year-over-year basis, wasn't stronger in the quarter and if there are some things in there that are harder for us to see that might have impacted it in the quarter?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Andrew, this is John. I think you certainly named a number of the drivers in terms of what's working well in the margin line. Clearly, inflation was down a little bit from where we expect, and productivity and pricing are all well. I think we have seen some gross margin improvement. I'm not sure where the expectation would have been but certainly, I'd say we might have had a little bit of unfavorable mix even though our pricing mix overall was very positive. So I would say that's probably the one decliner of the bunch.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. In other words, John is saying that the price mix of 4 leans more towards price and a little less towards mix.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then I certainly understand the strategy you're employing around protecting profitability sort of above all else right now, and the strong commitment to sort of the pricing discipline and such certainly shows that. And as you expected, volume was going to be down for a part of the year, and it's coming in sort of as you would have thought. I'm just trying to get a sense of -- at what point -- I guess how closely can you monitor the threshold for which volume goes past the point at which you're comfortable, in terms of ceding some share in certain businesses for a period of time to protect profitability? How closely can you kind of monitor that? And at what point do you get a sense that the impact is too great, let's say, on planned absorption or things like that?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. As you know, our portfolio is extremely broad, so it's a bit different by each segment. But I can tell you that we clearly have our finger on that from a threshold standpoint, as we take a look at market share in particular. I would tell you that we're where we expected to be at this point in the year and that in the second half, you're going to see us show more top line improvement. And that's really primarily timing. We were probably a little bit later than some of our competitors in terms of where we took the bulk of our pricing. So at this point in the year now, we're about 70%. We've overlapped about 70% of the pricing that we took from last year. That's why as we go through the rest of the year, you'll start to see more improvement. Obviously, we've made some good investments in marketing innovation, et cetera. So I think, maybe, and I'm going to turn it to Andr here in a minute, Andr's team is not chasing the volume. They're being very careful about this balance, and that truly is reflected in the margin improvement. So let me ask Andr for a little bit more color on that.
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes. Thank you, Gary. I'd say, Andrew, you -- we've talked about the discipline and the resources we've put against revenue growth management. So from your -- your first question's perspective was around what are the thresholds. I mean, we look at our plant absorption, we look at market shares very critically and make sure that we've got the right balance. And it's not only -- what you saw in this quarter was not only a good operating profit flow-through as we've talked about, but really, this investment back in our brands. I mean, we've been very deliberate at talking to folks about -- this was an organization that historically relied a whole lot more on trade than it did on classic pull. We're trying to change that balance a little bit and really invest in our brands. And you saw in this quarter relative to the amount of investment we made against the marketing, which we believe is critical as we build the brand. So I think we've got the balance right. We have a lot more metrics than we've ever had, and the team works really hard against that. So we are poised to course correct when we need to. But right now, we're staying really disciplined, and you saw that in the net realizable price flow-through that you saw and the margin flow-through, and that allowed us to invest back in our brands.
Operator: And we now have a question from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted just to ask a little bit about, John, the guidance in terms of first half, second half. First half shows -- I think it's about 25% earnings growth year-over-year; and then the second half would show, I think, fairly limited growth or maybe even just about $0.01, I think, in the second half. And maybe -- could you guys pull together some of these comments about why the pressures would build so much? Because -- perhaps it's just you guys are being conservative, nothing wrong with that, but we're trying to get a sense here of if we have moderating inflation and the expectation that volumes are going to grow, third quarter in the year-ago margins just got hammered. And so it feels like a -- I hate to use the word easy comp, but I will. So can you help me just understand the back half of the year and why such limited EPS growth expectations?
John F. Gehring: Yes. So let me start with a couple of things, David. As we look at H1 versus our -- first half versus second half, the first thing I'd tell you is that we still expect both business segments, both of the operating segments, to perform well and have good fundamentals and show good results at the operating profit line. One thing I just -- I'd remind everybody of is that if you look at the first half, we have had some softer laps in the first half. And in particular, I think we were very clear that our first quarter a year ago was very soft. We had a number of things, especially in the Commercial business, that we lapped in a very strong way this year. So on average, the laps, and in the absolutes, the laps are stronger in the second half. The other thing I would note is that -- to kind of piggyback on to Andr's comment about really focusing on investing behind our brands, we are maintaining a fair amount of flexibility for what I would term to be some fairly significant increases. And maybe I should say ongoing increases in our investment behind our brands. So we're certainly, I think, maintaining a fair amount of flexibility there. And then the other thing, just mechanical I would note, is that we do end up with some negative impact at the EPS line because we're going to terminate or essentially terminate and restrict our share repurchase activities. So we would have a plan -- we would have planned for some accretion there, which won't happen. But I guess the other comment I'd make is that we feel very confident about the 206, and part of our change in raising our guidance was to be clear that we don't see this as coming in below there.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could add one question on the Commercial Foods, Gary, I really appreciated your comments back at CAGNY on Lamb Weston and was hoping perhaps if you could spend a moment talking about the export opportunity for Lamb Weston. And if at all possible, could you remind us or tell us about kind of the dollar size of that opportunity over time?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. David, that is a really exciting, significant growth vector for the company. Big opportunity that we have really shined the light on. And let me ask Paul to give you just a little bit more color on that.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. And one I'd just highlight, they've mentioned the Boardman, Oregon, plant expansion, and that's an important strategic investment for our Lamb Weston business and is very much aligned with our growth in the emerging markets and what we see there. And we have a lot of momentum there. We feel really good about what we are executing, and we're making the right kind of investments to continue that growth going forward. I don't know, I think you had a question around the specific size. We probably won't get into that. I just -- I would say double-digit growth is what we're experiencing, and we're doing the right things to make sure that we maintain that.
Operator: And Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Bryan Spillane has our next question.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So my question is about just the contribution from acquisitions. Can you talk to -- can you give us a little bit more color in terms of -- not so much how -- how much they've contributed to the growth, to the base, but how the acquisitions themselves are performing on their own? So as you've integrated them, are the -- have the sales growth for the acquired properties accelerated? What type of growth rate are you seeing in those businesses? And then also, if you could give us some idea of what the earnings accretion was in the quarter.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I -- Bryan, I'll just tell you that we're very pleased with the integration. So we're definitely right on expectation for each one of those acquisitions. And we expect over time that they are going to be top line and bottom line accretive, because that's been the discipline in terms of our acquisition strategy. So I think, over time, you'll see each one of those live up to that. The contribution to our Consumer Foods businesses is important, but I -- before I give it over to John, I'd also just want to reiterate that the core Consumer Foods business grew operating profits too while still maintaining a significant increase in marketing, which obviously is a long-term benefit. So the core business is strong, but significant contribution from the acquisitions. And these acquisitions are all consistent with our strategy, particularly in the area of core adjacencies. John?
John F. Gehring: Yes. Gary, I think you covered a lot of it. I would probably emphasize a couple of points. Year-to-date, our base Consumer business at the operating profit level has contributed an awful lot of the growth. Acquisitions are making a good contribution and in line with our expectations. So I think things are on track, and we're very pleased with how the contributions are coming in. And again, I would reiterate Gary's point that while the bases contributed less than half at the consumer line at this point, we also do want to remind people of the significant increase in A&P that we've got in the base business numbers.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But you feel pretty good about the -- your ability to execute the integration? I guess that's my -- that's the point I'm trying to get at, is you've made some acquisitions and now you're proving to yourselves that you can integrate them well and add to them as you brought them into your portfolio?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Bryan. As we've talked a bit about before, we've got an extremely disciplined process that is not only on the front end but on the back end from an integration standpoint. So we keep the spot light on these acquisitions for quite some time before we basically turn them into our base business model. We clearly have a number of metrics that we review regularly, and I would tell you that the answer is yes. Every one of the acquisitions, we feel very good about at this point and continue to believe that long-term, that they will be, as I said, top and bottom line accretive.
Operator: And we'll move now to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to build a little bit on Andrew's question, I was hoping to dive a bit deeper into the increased consumer marketing spending. There seems to be a bit of a divergence of strategies among food producers right now. On the one hand, I guess you have companies like you and Heinz among others, and they're really redoubling their efforts to, I guess, raise advertising and build that consumer pull. And I guess, on the other hand, you have other companies like Mills, Campbell Soup that are temporarily and tactically doing the opposite, right? Shifting some marketing spending away from advertising and toward promotions. And if you look in comments by groceries like Kroger, I mean, most promo -- promo spending is the way most companies are going right now. So I'm a little long-winded here, but I'm just curious if you're seeing a lot of your direct competitors in your categories promoting heavily? And if so, are there maybe some tactical moves you can make to combat that until we're in more of a normal promo environment?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Ken, this is Andr. Let me take some of that and if Gary has something to add to it. I think -- again, I would say that we are spending appropriately behind our business on the brands that make sense and have a meaningful point of difference in terms of the marketing mix. So I'll get -- we've given Marie Callender examples time and again, and that brand is performing very well against that. But we've also talked about PAM, PAM cooking spray and the whole non-residue formula being a point of difference to consumers and really communicating that message. And that brand has responded very, very well. The same with Reddi-wip, which is a combination of both the messaging there, as well as the ability to merchandise that with host foods such as our pies, but also in the summer and in the springtime with berries and fruit and things like that. And then Hunt's Diced Tomatoes, where we're really putting an effort on our point of difference there, which is really on flash steaming. So we believe we need to do that to make a meaningful difference and to show consumers that there are meaningful differences in our brand. But that doesn't mean that all our brands get marketing. We have brands that play a different role. So there are brands in our portfolio that don't get a lot of the marketing mix that really rely more on in-store merchandising and promotions. So we actually balance, I think, that equation very well. I would tell you, though, Ken, at the outset of the year, we said that this organization has to make sure that it puts some of its money back into the pull. Historically, it has not. I see competitors. Depending on the category, it's very different. You cited a few that are downplaying marketing and putting a little bit more in trade. Again, that's their strategy. And in some cases, it's right for their brand and right for that segment. For us, we believe that we have a lot of the things working well, and that's why we are very, very pleased with the results you saw in the first half of our year and right now in Q2.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken. I would tell you you're asking exactly the right question. It's the kind of debate that we have with the management team on an ongoing basis, and it's all about the right balance, whether it's between the different brands or it's between the trade spend, merchandising and marketing. It's really something that we have to continually rebalance over time. And as we watch what happens in the marketplace, obviously we'll try and stay as disciplined to our strategy as we can be, but we're pragmatic and realistic at the same time. So this will continue to evolve but right now, as Andr says, we're pleased with where we are, and we'll continue down this path.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One other question, guys. You may have touched on this and I missed it, but given the Ralcorp deal, are there other tack-on additions that you -- is that off the table for the next 12 months? Other deals? Or if a great opportunity comes to you and it's small, do you still have the, I guess, desire and capability to take that on?
John F. Gehring: Yes, I'll take a shot at this, Ken. This is John. First of all, we won't say absolutely no to anything. I think it is important to recognize that -- probably, even more so than the financial constraints we're putting on again, and we've got -- we feel very comfortable with where our debt rating is going to be and investment grade, and we think we'll have some room in there. But probably, more important than that is just making sure that anything that comes to light in the next 12 months is so compelling that we -- and we have confidence that we can take it on from an additional integration standpoint. We've made a big bet on the Ralcorp acquisition, and I think our management team and our board are very aligned around making sure that we execute the integration as flawlessly as possible. So again, that's not an absolute no. We still probably have our line in the water for things. But we're going to be pretty disciplined and focused on the task at hand.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask specifically about the trajectory of cost and the effect it's having on your business. You mentioned 2% cost inflation. It seems like we got a spike in June, July. They've been moderating sequentially. I noticed particularly the Commercial Foods business isn't back anywhere close to the kind of margins you were doing in fiscal '10 or '11. So I guess, just looking forward, should we expect a moderate cost environment to just, in and of itself, drive margin expansion because of the stickiness of pricing in that business, or I guess the lack of pressure from cost in that business? And it maybe premature to comment, but I know that aspect really well describes Ralcorp also. Do you have any thoughts about what that means to numbers in -- not only the rest of this year but going forward from that? Just that relief that could come.
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me -- this is John. Let me take a shot at that. I think most of your question was revolving around the Commercial business, and I don't have all the margin stats in front of me. But one of the things we get mathematically in terms of margin compression is just driven by the milling business. Because as wheat prices go up, we tend to manage margin dollars in that segment versus margin percentages, because it's a large pass-through. So that over the years can certainly have some impact on margin percentages, because I think overall, during the last few years, we've been pretty comfortable with the margin dollars we've generated in that business. As it relates to the inflation environment, I do think -- in some of those commercial businesses, it can be really kind of be a mixed bag. In the milling business, you got something that really is much more of a pass-through business. But certainly, as the competition for acres has heated up over the last couple of years, some crop prices and some key input costs I think that we face in the Commercial segment have faced a lot of pressure. And I think that's -- that's been one of the challenges that Paul and his team have successfully navigated through. But Paul, I'll maybe turn it to you, to see if you have anything to add to that.
Paul T. Maass: Yes. I think just in operating the business, we'll price accordingly the pass-through inflation or deflation and really focus on driving business improvement through operational efficiencies and mix, as well as really lean hard into the international growth opportunities.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And if I could just ask one follow-up, please. When you looked at the Ralcorp acquisition and you think about those numbers, do you consider the base of profitability this year at Ralcorp to have been depressed by the trajectory of cost this year and therefore, potentially seeing some relief if cost trajectory is flat or even down in future periods?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. We really can't talk a whole lot about Ralcorp right now. But what we can tell you from the public disclosure information is that there were clearly some discrete events this year that won't be repeated next year. So the numbers are really kind of apples and oranges as we look forward.
Operator: And we have a question now from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You commented that volume trends should improve into the second half. I would imagine Banquet is going to be a large part of that in the Consumer Foods division, maybe even the majority of your expected improvement. But perhaps you can comment on areas and reasons for potential volume improvement into the second half?
Andr J. Hawaux: Hey, David, this is Andr. So you're absolutely spot on. That has been the #1 volume drag for us from the beginning of the year, and that's largely because we took over 10% pricing on that brand. So absolutely, as we come out of Q3 and Q4, as it laps that pricing, it significantly gets better. So again, for us, a lot of it -- we said this upfront. As Gary articulated, 70% of our pricing has been lapped in Q1 and Q2. Q3 and Q4 obviously have the remainder of that, but it's much more moderate. You'll see the advertising that we've talked about that we're putting against the business. That doesn't kick in day one. Obviously, you don't get an immediate bump for the work that you're doing there. You get -- it improves over time. So we see the advertising and what we've been putting on help us also sequentially get better. So we do have our forecasts and plans for the back half of the year, see our volumes sequentially getting better from where we are today based on those things: lapping the price and the marketing. And the innovation that we've launched also starts to benefit from obviously getting full distribution. Then we have some new innovation. Gary articulated Pop Crunch. That's going out in January. And we have a couple of other C-store items that we're launching as well, that we feel pretty good about. So you'll see new innovation and then the benefit of all of what we launched in the early part of our year, getting to 80, 90 ACB distribution, and then you'll see the benefit of that as well.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then from that high-teens marketing reinvestment, where are you expecting to see -- or are you already seeing the best response from that investment?
Andr J. Hawaux: I mentioned some of those brands already. I mean, we continue to just -- I can't say enough about what the marketing team and the brand team on Marie Callender's have done, not only in the core business but what they've done kind of in the dessert space as well, winning -- we've really started the holidays off very, very strong there. I see it in areas like PAM. I see it in Reddi-wip. I see it in Hunt's. Our Chef -- canned pasta business has done very well from a market share standpoint, both in units and in dollars. So I can -- I see the marketing campaign on that brand working. So we see a lot of those things working, and it's going to be different by brand. But overall, I feel very confident that, that's working in the marketplace.
Operator: We have a question now from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So first question is actually on the Lamb Weston business. I know it's been doing really well, and so congratulations on that first. But we've heard some negative commentary from Yum recently on China. Can you just put that into context in terms of your opportunity? I mean, how -- does that impact your sort of near-term trajectory on that business? And how exposed are you indirectly to China?
Paul T. Maass: Yes. So I won't get into specific comments on customers by name. Overall, what we see in emerging markets continues to be very, very positive, very favorable trends, and we look for that to continue. And we're positioned well and continue to penetrate those markets and really support our customers' growth. And I think quarter-over-quarter, you may have some ebbs and flows. But over the long haul, we feel very good about it and very optimistic and think the growth trajectory is very good. And, just maybe one of the comments just on our ability to execute. We're very focused on efficiencies, and we've got an ability with our manufacturing footprint in the Pacific Northwest to reach those markets in a cost competitive way. And we like that position very well.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just add to Paul's comments that the numbers continue to be very, very good, double-digit growth in the emerging markets. So we saw that same news on Yum, but there's a big emerging market out there, and we continue to have a lot of confidence in that segment.
Operator: And we'll move now to Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The number of brands in your Consumer business that are growing has been declining steadily for a year now. Would a turnaround there come from just easier comps or improving consumer -- I mean, why wouldn't I be worried about this?
Andr J. Hawaux: Well, Thilo, this is Andr. I think the large -- the largest issue we have, as I articulated earlier, is the pricing comps we have year-over-year. So I think what you'll see in the back half, is you'll see a steady improvement in that. If you looked at our Q1 to Q2 comparisons in both IRI or Nielsen, whichever service you subscribe to, you'll see that our -- of our top 15 categories, you'll see that we significantly moved both dollar share and unit share in 10 out of those 15, and it was a significant improvement Q1 to Q2. We expect that same improvement to continue to flow out of the year as we lap the pricing.
Operator: We have a question now from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask you to start with -- about your outlook for the next 6 to 12 months for food-away-from-home or foodservice. What are you incorporating in your outlook there?
Paul T. Maass: I would just comment that overall, the trends are better and improving. Yes, I would say October was kind of a little bit of an outlier kind of across the industry, we saw that, and with a decent [ph] rebound in November. And yes, I think -- I don't have a specific number I'd give to you, but I think the trend that we've seen over the last 12 months is really kind of the outlook for us going forward.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions. I guess, Gary, your -- you have a consumer product, a branded consumer product background. You're the first, I would say, major packaged food company that's embracing private label. You mentioned that there is much more margin in that business as it stands today versus years past. So I was wondering if you could go a little bit more into that, why you think that's true and how that, I guess, impacts both the Ralcorp business that you're going to acquire and maybe some of your existing brands and private label potential. And then is there any way you could comment on the $350 million -- I think it's $350 million of equity that's proposed in the deal? Is there -- like I'm just kind of surprised that the rest of it wasn't borrowed and -- or is there some kind of tax implication or something that you would use equity as a relatively small part of a major deal?
John F. Gehring: Hey, Eric, this is John. Let me start on the equity piece of the transaction. It is a relatively small part. And again, just to reiterate for everybody, what we said is we will issue up to $350 million of equity. It's a small part. I think it was -- it's included primarily to make sure that we have some cushion, sufficient cushion in our debt rating. And quite frankly, I think it's something that our bondholders and our rating agencies viewed as -- even though it's not significant as a percentage of the transaction, I think they viewed it as an important acknowledgment that we are going to continue to balance or promote a strong balance sheet. So again, we'll be able to tell you more about the exact amount as we get closer to close. But it really was just to give a nod to our commitment to a strong balance sheet.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Eric, I would tell you, kind of the headline is we're not doing private label the same way as everybody in the industry is doing it, meaning a lot of -- there's a lot of players in this very fragmented industry. And I think the reason we feel so good about it on a go-forward basis is there's a number of reasons: One would be, as you take a look at other developed economies, you see a significantly bigger percentage of the food business being done in private label. And then if you take a look at the customers that are doing the best, for the most part, in this country, they're the ones that are emphasizing and, in some cases, almost exclusively private label. So there is clearly a consumer pull for what has become a much higher quality product. Very, very different than it was -- that we remember, say, back in the '70s, '80s when it was much more generic. Consumers continue, particularly in tough, challenging times, to try store brands, and they are pleasantly surprised, and they keep coming back. And we expect that will continue beyond the recession. We have very little overlap in the private label businesses that are coming from Ralcorp with our core or with our current base business. So we're not looking strategically, for the most part, to compete in the same basic segments from a private label and a branded standpoint. And maybe the most important factor of all when it comes to the better financial viability is that it's going up market. There's a lot of gearing of the private label business. In some cases, some would call it good, better, best. In some cases, the stores, the customers are looking to make a statement with their own products that they have an awful lot of interest in, in growing their own brand and making product that is very high quality. That's what gives us a lot of confidence as we go forward that it's not going to be just about the lowest priced, half-penny bid. And I think Ralcorp has already done a pretty good job in terms of being selective in the kinds of private label businesses and categories that they've gone after. There's a lot of value-add opportunities because of this consumer/customer pull. So when you wrap it all together with the significant amount of synergies that we will bring, along with the significant capabilities that we can add to an already strong, biggest leading private label player, wrap that altogether, that's what gives us a very, very high degree of confidence again that this is going to be both top and bottom line accretive for us.
Operator: Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse has our next question.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I had a -- I was just looking at the popcorn business in my Nielsen data. I'm seeing some big volume declines and a lot of pricing action. And I was just wondering, Andr, I noticed that the quarter, Orville is back up again, which is a good sign. What's your outlook for the Orville brand? And is there any way that you can extend that into more snacking occasions like handheld snacking occasions? I see, in my town here, Popcorners and all kinds of popcorn snacks that are in a bag and want to know if that's a possibility for Orville.
Andr J. Hawaux: Thanks, Rob. I think you're absolutely right. We saw the same numbers that you've just quoted. I think to understand the backdrop, we took 2 price increases on Orville last year in period 4 and period 7. So we were lapping that. So we're finally getting through most of that. And as you look at the back half of the year, we have gotten through -- we will have gotten through most of it. So you'll start to see that rebound. What we're seeing with consumers is a move from microwave -- still a big, viable business -- and to this notion of ready-to-eat bagged snacks. And we're actually capturing that trend as well. We've had really good performance with our first launch of our Orville ready-to-eat product in standard flavors. And then now, Gary articulated we're launching Pop Crunch as well. It's being launched in January, or being shipped as we speak to retailers. You'll see us doing more of that as we see consumers moving to that convenience and that ready-to-eat. We believe the Orville franchise is very strong, and we have a lot of opportunities. And Al Bolles and the innovation team are looking through what exactly can we do with that franchise beyond the ready-to-eat offerings that we have today and other things in microwave? We think we also have some opportunity in microwave as well with various blends and other things that we can do with popcorn. So we feel really good about the franchise. A very strong franchise.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicholas.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question for you, which is, as you're being a little more diligent around promotion, could you characterize your new product plans? It would seem to be like an important component of that plan. I guess, do you have a lot more activity maybe in your -- a lot better -- higher quality activity? And then if you've just seen any improvement -- or what stage you're in, in terms of marketing in frozen. You talked about that being an area where you're marketing more heavily. Is that -- are you seeing any improvement from that -- in that category?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes. So Chris, let me start with the latter part of that question. We are -- as you know, we are touching the frozen space now, not only in meals, our single-serve meals, which historically has been where we played, and we're doing really well there with Marie and doing reasonably well with Healthy Choice. The whole healthy segment, though, where we compete, is one that is really a challenge. But we're also going into these adjacencies, so you've seen us recently with respect to Marie Callender pies, both the full-sized pies, but also introducing smaller, single-serve desserts pies, if you will. Our launch of Healthy Choice Frozen Greek Yogurt, which has had specific advertising for it, has actually done very, very well. We're very pleased with that. So -- and you'll start to see us do some things as we get into more snacking occasions in frozen, as well as breakfast. You'll start to see us do that more there. And we obviously, with the assets we've acquired in multi-serve, or totally in [ph] P.F. Chang's, are really excited about that, that brand, because those equities are very, very strong with consumers, and it brings a new consumer to that franchise, a consumer that typically makes $75,000 a year or more. So we're bringing other consumers into our franchise, which has been heavily weighted towards value consumers in the past. So we feel really good about the marketing we're doing there. And with respect to our promotions or our in-store activity, we do put a very significant emphasis on -- when we're launching new items. So some couponing, sampling, store demos, if you will, really to get people to try and taste the food, which we believe -- the proof is in the eating, so to speak, and we do very well there. We're very happy at the launches that we've done so far, our innovation. It's tracking against the forecast that we have for all the products. And we feel very good about where we are.
Operator: And Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard has our next question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Gary, you've obviously done a nice job this morning of explaining the rationale for the Ralcorp acquisition by talking about premium private label products and partnering with key retailers and looking maybe to overseas models on private label as something to emulate. As I think about Ralcorp's categories, on cereals, I look at the 2 big-branded players and how focused they are on innovation and how much money they have to put into that. And then maybe in another category, I think about dry pasta, and I don't see a lot of premium innovation going on in there. But when you talk about channels and maybe targeting, I don't know, the Whole Foods' or the Costco's more premium private label product, I can kind of understand that. So I was wondering if you could just give some examples. Is this a channel focus where you're going to be maybe focusing on more of a premium outlet, small private label products through the Ralcorp deal? Are there specific categories where you've got examples, where Ralcorp does that really well, just to get me a better feel for how this is all going to work?
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. The answer is it's kind of all of the above. So clearly, there is very strong development and opportunity in channels that really emphasize store brands. So, for instance, Ralcorp does a great job with folks like Trader Joe's and Costco. And clearly, there are products all over the stores there that reflect that. One small example would be some of the frozen pasta meals in Trader Joe's that are a terrific product. Maybe you've tried them. But that would be one example of, I would call, a very much value-add product. In our own shop, what we've done with our bar business -- so for instance, at 2 of our -- 2 biggest customers, you've seen us not just emulate product in the nutrition bar space, but actually create new product that has done very well. And that is very much value add. If you go into some of the categories that you talked about, it's really a different story by category. So you're right. There's a lot of tough, big players with big resources in the -- like the RTE cereal business, and we'll have to be very selective about how we play there. Ralcorp's done extremely well thus far. We expect that to continue. But we'll place our bets selectively, and it's really both a category and a customer channel story. And we think there's enough pockets in both of those places that we can continue to do really well.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. We want to thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods and wish you happy holidays.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods' Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-09-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Rachel Nabatian
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our strong fiscal 2013 first quarter performance and our upwardly revised outlook for the remainder of the year. And then, we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few opening remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the result that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. I'm very excited about our strong start to the year. EPS on a comparable basis was $0.44 for the first quarter, a strong year-over-year improvement. The overall quality of the quarter was high. Specifically, I'm talking about the fact that both of our segments grew comparable operating profits, while we increased marketing investment at a double-digit rate. Given the strong start to the year, we have raised our full year expectations for comparable EPS to the range of $2.03 to $2.06, which is approximately 10% to 12% comparable growth. And that's including a significant increase in brand-building investment, which we view as good for the long-term health of our business. It's clear that our operating capabilities, strategic initiatives and the recent acquisitions are generating strong EPS benefit for our shareholders and allowing us to post high-quality performance in the midst of difficult marketplace conditions. Before I go on to the segment highlights, I'll also emphasize that we raised our dividend today to $0.25 per share, starting with the upcoming December payment. The annualized dividend is now $1 per share. We generate strong cash flows as a company, and we're confident that we can continue to provide a top-tier attractive dividend to shareholders while pursuing a balanced approach to capital allocation, including organic investments, M&A, share repurchase, and our commitment to a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating. Now I'll move to the Consumer Foods segment. Sales were up 8%, driven by acquisitions. Operating profit increased 20% as reported and 14% on a comparable basis, including a double-digit increase in marketing investment. Overall, this segment posted a very good quarter. A few remarks on the sales performance. Acquisitions contributed 8 points of sales growth. You know from our comments over the past year or so that we've completed 6 transactions, strategically adding to our portfolio, and these are helping drive stronger top line and bottom line performance. I'll say more about this in a minute. Organically, 5% favorable price/mix offset a 4% organic volume decline, and foreign exchange weighed on sales by 1 point. The favorable price/mix was the result of prior pricing actions taken to combat inflation. The volume decline reflects the elasticity of those actions and the difficult consumer environment. And in some situations, it's the result of deliberate decisions that came with a trade-off. For example, we anticipated that the pricing actions for Banquet, our largest Consumer Foods brand, would negatively impact volumes. And in this situation, we chose favorable mix and margins over volume, and the actions have resulted in net profit growth for the brand as we intended. We expect the Consumer Foods volume performance to improve sequentially throughout the fiscal year for reasons I'll touch on in a minute. We again saw very strong results from the Marie Callender's brand. Single-serve meals, multi-serve meals and desserts all showed very good growth in dollar, volume and share for the quarter. We aim to keep this kind of growth going with strong levels of new advertising that's on the air now, continuing with the Time to Savor campaign that's worked so well for Marie Callender's over the past couple of years. Slim Jim continued its strong performance this quarter, increasing market share in a growing meat snacks category, and also growing nicely in alternative channels. This brand is a good example of success with our non-traditional integrated marketing campaigns. The Male Spice Loss campaign you might remember from CAGNY has worked really well in social media channels, and the Slim Jim Facebook fan base continues to grow every day. The Slim Jim community now has more than 1 million members. We've also amped up our marketing very recently with a new partnership with EA Video, the worldwide leader in gaming software, backed by a strong supporting media campaign. I'll also comment on a couple of regional brands that are gaining strength nationally, Ro*Tel Tomatoes and Wolf Chili. Both have grown over the past year from strong regional players into national brands. They are impressively growing share, net sales and volume. We've supported these brands with impactful marketing and it's working. They're good examples of smaller brands that we've grown to make meaningful contribution. Comparable Consumer Foods' operating profit grew 14%, and that, again, includes a 20% increase in marketing spend for our base business. We're very pleased with that profit performance, particularly in this difficult business environment. This is a situation where our total margin management efforts, meaning pricing architecture, deliberate mix management and strong productivity initiatives, more than offset inflation, and this drove gross margin expansion in the core business. Inflation is less severe now than it was a year or so ago, and that, of course, is helpful to margins. To be clear, we're still experiencing inflation but at a significantly lower rate than we saw for most of fiscal '12. As I mentioned earlier, acquisitions also made a substantial contribution to profit growth. As most of you know, over the past few quarters, we have completed 6 transactions, and these are consistent with our Recipe for Growth that we've discussed before. That's our strategic road map designed to continually strengthen our portfolio by finding new growth opportunities. We remain focused on 3 strategic areas: one, expanding core adjacencies; two, growing our private label business; and three, increasing our international presence. Our disciplined buying strategy is focused on having the right assets, the right operational elements and the right price. Our approach is to leverage our strong operating foundation in terms of supply chain, marketing, innovation, product quality and sales distribution to create truly sustainable value. We're pleased with our progress on the integrations. Our most recent transaction, completed late in the quarter, was the purchase of Bertolli and P.F. Chang's Home Menu multi-serve frozen meals from Unilever. Together, these brands represent about $300 million in annual sales and are very strong equities. They represent very high quality Italian and Asian food targeted at a higher income segment at higher price points. These brands bring us new consumers and new eating occasions, and we intend to leverage our innovation and operational capabilities to optimize their performance. As we've said before, we expect to continue adding to our portfolio with the same strategy and discipline as the right opportunities develop. As I wrap up my comments on Consumer Foods, I'll say that we expect inflation to be less severe than we originally planned. John will say more on this. And we expect the rest of the year's organic volume to gradually improve for a handful of reasons. We'll lap pricing actions taken last fiscal year. We expect to benefit from our innovation pipeline. Our latest round of new products, including Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's Bakes, Healthy Choice Greek Frozen Yogurt and the Marie Callender's single-serve cream pies, are all ramping up in terms of store presence and points of distribution. We expect these to make a good contribution to sales and volume for the full fiscal year, and we'll support them with marketing and additional new items as the year progresses. We also expect to benefit from our marketing investments. And we're gaining traction with Customer Connect, a series of initiatives designed to leverage our insights and make us a strong strategic partner to our customers through joint business planning. We're excited about customer feedback thus far. Moving on to Commercial Foods. Sales increased 5% over year-ago amounts. All the product lines in the segment posted volume growth. And the overall sales dollar growth was driven by Lamb Weston, our largest brand, which grew unit volume and posted good price/mix, with particular success in international markets, which grew at a double-digit rate. We're very excited about the strong growth opportunities internationally, and we're aligned with global customers who have dynamic growth plans in emerging markets and who look to us to be a key supplier, playing an important role in their global growth initiatives. Domestically, retail demand for food prepared at home continues to be relatively soft, as we just discussed. But away-from-home eating occasions have held up better, and we've benefited from that. We've focused -- we're focused around high-growth opportunities and operational efficiencies domestically, and we'll say more about both of those aspects in a minute. Lamb Weston continues to expand into higher-margin products, and our biggest example of this is Sweet Potato Fries. We're capitalizing on the investment we made a few years ago when we built a state-of-the-art processing facility. We're making progress in QSRs and casual dining. We're in more than 20 significant quick-serve or fast-casual restaurants now with Sweet Potato Fries on their regular menu or with limited time offers. We expect that to accelerate. Another example of mix improvement at Lamb Weston is our focus on the higher-end consumer at retail through our Alexia brand, which we've grown to over a $100-million brand in just a few years. This is a great way for us to strengthen customer relationships, grow our share and play a leadership role at retail in the frozen potato category. Additionally, we're driving growth and success in retail with a licensed brand strategy. The most recent example is Arby's Curly Fries, which are off to a great start. At retail, we also provide private label potato products for the value-conscious consumer. While the overall frozen potato category has been intensely promotional recently, we're committed to this category for the long term. As reported, segment profit increased 43%. Comparable segment profits increased 37% -- tremendous growth -- driven by Lamb Weston's momentum in terms of good sales performance and favorable product mix, as well as operating efficiencies related to a smooth crop transition. In that regard, our ongoing productivity and cost savings initiatives are on track, and you can see the benefit of that in the financial results we just posted. ConAgra Mills profits were in line with year-ago amounts. And based on the way things are shaping up, we expect them to have a good second half of the fiscal year. We're pleased with the start to the fiscal year in both operating segments, and I hope you can tell that we're excited about fiscal 2013. This is a year where a combination of our core operating and margin management capabilities in both segments, less severe inflation and the benefit of recent acquisitions are expected to drive very good EPS performance and allow for a strong increase in brand investment. Our organization is focused on delivering our increased EPS target of $2.03 to $2.06 on a comparable basis, which is very good growth, especially in the midst of difficult marketplace conditions. This is a significant milestone for our team. On a related note, we achieved another milestone very recently. Last week, we learned that in addition to being named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index for 2 straight years, we've also been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the first time, a significant achievement. As you may know, these indices are very tough to make, and they're important to us because they're an extremely comprehensive measure of our total citizenship efforts from employee safety to corporate governance and across the supply chain. This recognition is fitting given our overall progress at ConAgra Foods. As you know, we've worked very hard these last 6 to 7 years to transform ConAgra Foods into the strong operating company that it is today. We've invested in capabilities, infrastructure and talents across the organization. We have a very clear strategy -- our Recipe for Growth -- and that will help us continue the transformation. The marketplace conditions are still challenging, but we're pleased with what we've accomplished and we're confident that we'll continue to deliver on our commitments. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 4 topics this morning. I'll begin with our first quarter performance highlights. Next, I'll address comparability matters. Then onto cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2013. Let's start with our first quarter performance highlights. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.3 billion, up 7%, driven by pricing and acquisitions in our Consumer Foods segment. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we had volume gains in both Lamb Weston and flour milling, as well as improved pricing and mix in our Lamb Weston business. Net sales also reflect the impact of lower year-over-year wheat prices in our flour milling operations. In this quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.61 versus $0.22 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.44 versus $0.31 in the prior-year quarter, a 42% increase. And while this is very strong performance, I would note that the year-ago first quarter was our softest quarter in fiscal 2012. While Gary addressed our segment results in some detail, I would like to touch on a few highlights, starting with our Consumer Foods segment, where net sales for the quarter were approximately $2 billion, up about 8% from the year-ago period. This reflects 8 points of growth from acquisitions. Organic net sales were essentially flat as favorable mix [ph] of about 5% was offset by a 4% base volume decline and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on net sales this quarter. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $242 million or up about 14% from the year-ago period. While acquisitions contributed to the operating profit growth, more of the growth came from margin management in the base business, driven by pricing and cost savings, offset by moderating inflation. The higher operating profit also reflects increased marketing costs and about a negative 2% impact from foreign exchange this quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $75 million in the quarter. These programs are expected to deliver over $240 million of cost savings for the full fiscal year. For the fiscal first quarter, we experienced inflation of about 3%, a bit better than our expectations. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $95 million, up about 24% from the prior-year quarter, principally driven by increased investment against our base business. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion or up about 5%, reflecting strong international growth in Lamb Weston and improved volume and mix across the segment, as well as disciplined pricing in our Lamb Weston business, where we increased prices to offset higher input costs. The pass-through of lower wheat costs in the milling operations had a negative $38-million impact on sales for this fiscal quarter. The Commercial Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, increased 37% from the year-ago period to $140 million. The strong year-over-year performance reflects continued good fundamentals at both Lamb Weston and ConAgra Mills, as well as the soft performance in the prior year quarter. Within this segment, Lamb Weston posted a very strong double-digit rate of profit growth, driven by a strong international growth, favorable volumes and price/mix, as well as production efficiencies including a smooth crop transition. ConAgra Mills' operating profit was in line with the year-ago period, and overall, we are very pleased with the performance of this segment. Corporate expenses, adjusted for items impacting comparability, were $75 million for the quarter versus $67 million in the year-ago quarter. The reported tax rate for the fiscal quarter was approximately 33%, and the rate on comparable earnings was slightly lower. Now I'll move onto my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have approximately $0.17 per diluted share of net income in this quarter's EPS related to several items. First, on hedging. For the fiscal first quarter, the net hedging gain included in corporate expense was approximately $130 million or $0.20 per share. This number is larger than what we typically see, but it is consistent with the level of volatility in the commodity markets. I'll say a bit more about our hedging in a moment. Next, we recorded $4 million or $0.01 per share of restructuring and other onetime charges related to our cost reduction and organizational efficiency initiatives, principally in our Consumer Foods segment. In addition, we recorded approximately $7 million or $0.01 per share of acquisition-related expenses. And finally, we recorded approximately $8 million or $0.02 per share of expense related to legal matters which relate to prior years. Next, I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with $117 million of cash on hand and $272 million of outstanding commercial paper borrowings. The increased level of commercial paper borrowings is principally related to funding acquisitions. And subsequent to quarter end, we repaid our outstanding commercial paper borrowings with the proceeds of our recent debt issuance that I'll say more about in a few moments. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business, and for fiscal 2013 we expect to deliver strong operating cash flows in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. And on working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full fiscal year, we expect that working capital improvements in our base business will contribute modestly to cash flow from continuing operations as we continue to improve our cash conversion cycle metrics. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $99 million versus $96 million in the prior-year period. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to modestly exceed our previous estimate of $450 million [ph] due to some additional growth investments we expect to pursue. Net interest expense was $49 million in the first quarter versus $53 million in the year-ago quarter. Dividends for the quarter increased from $94 million in the year-ago quarter to $98 million, reflecting a higher dividend rate, offset by a lower number of shares. And now let's turn to capital allocation. And let's start with growth. We continue to execute against our growth strategy focused on strategic adjacencies, private label and international. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Bertolli and P.F. Chang's multi-serve frozen meals. These brands are great additions to our frozen portfolio, and we're excited about the growth opportunities we can pursue with the combination of these brands and our frozen innovation capability. Going forward, we will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return, and we are confident that we can further leverage our capabilities and our strong balance sheet to create value by investing for growth in a disciplined manner. We also remain focused on organic growth and profit enhancement investments, including investments to support innovation, production capacity and our cost savings initiatives. The other elements of our balanced capital allocation approach also remained unchanged. We reiterate our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating but also recognize the importance of maintaining our strong dividend and executing share repurchases from time to time. With respect to our dividend, as Gary noted, our Board of Directors just increased our quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share or an annualized rate of $1 per share. This reflects our confidence in our business and our expectations for continued strong cash flow generations. And on share repurchases, we purchased about $75 million of our shares in the fiscal first quarter. And as of quarter end, we had approximately $450 million of available share repurchase authorization. And finally, subsequent to quarter end, we completed a $750-million debt issuance in 3 tranches of $250 million each of 3-year, 5-year and 10-year notes. The offering was very well received by the market, and we were able to secure some very attractive interest rates. We have used a portion of the proceeds to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings, and the balance will be used for general corporate purposes. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2013 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we have updated our full year earnings expectations for fiscal 2013 based upon our strong performance in the first quarter and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. We now expect fully diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to be in the range of $2.03 to $2.06 or roughly 10% to 12% growth from our prior year base of $1.84 per share. This update to our fiscal 2013 earnings estimate reflects net sales growth in the range of 7% to 8%, with sales growth for the Consumer Foods segment expected to be in the high single digits, primarily driven by our recent acquisitions. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we expect modest top line growth in the 3% range as volume, pricing and mix improvements in the segment are expected to be partially offset by the impact of lower wheat prices on our milling business. This fiscal 2013 estimate also reflects modest gross margin improvement in our Consumer Foods segment, driven by pricing and mix improvements and strong cost savings, partially offset by the impact of more moderate inflation. While the commodity markets, especially grains, have been very volatile of late, we remain confident in our ability to effectively manage input costs and margins over the balance of the fiscal year. On a related note, we recognized a large hedging gain this quarter that we treat as a comparability item, consistent with our normal practice. The gain offset previously accumulated losses, and the remaining net gain will be reclassified to operating segments as the underlying commodities are used in the business. To that point, we currently expect to reclassify about $35 million of this net gain to segment operating results in the remaining 3 quarters of fiscal 2013. And for the full fiscal year, based on our assessment of input requirements and cost trends on these inputs, along with the hedging actions we've taken to manage risk, we now expect that our net inflation for this fiscal year will be slightly lower than our original estimate of mid-single digits. And as I noted previously for fiscal 2013, we continue to expect cost savings in excess of $240 million in our Consumer Foods business. Also, we have budgeted a strong increase in marketing support this year, and that's in support of our long-term brand building initiatives. In the Commercial Foods segment, both our Lamb Weston and our flour milling businesses are positioned to perform well, although with more modest profit growth over the balance of the year. Additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 is expected to be in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat quarter-to-quarter. And while we are confident in our capabilities and how we are executing against our strategic initiatives, we do expect more modest year-over-year earnings growth over the balance of the year, as the comps will get tougher, and we expect to continue to execute against a stronger investment plan in support of our brands to position our business for long-term success. Overall, we're excited about the start of the fiscal year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver very attractive earnings growth for fiscal 2013. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. And Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A quick question about the full year guidance and acquisitions. I think last quarter, you had talked about acquisitions collectively contributing about half of the earnings relative to your previous full year guidance. Do you have an update to that now, particularly because you just recently closed on the Bertolli piece as well, which should, I would think, add to that?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. First of all, we're very pleased with our integrations on all of the 6 acquisitions we've made in the last 12 months. I'd say that we would expect a little less than half of our Consumer Foods growth to come via acquisitions. We have a very disciplined process, a very clear strategy, and we're leveraging our capabilities to accelerate or improve the performance of the acquired businesses. So for example, as you mentioned, Bertolli and P.F. Chang will clearly benefit from our frozen infrastructure and scale in the section -- in the frozen section. And our best-in-class innovation capabilities will be directly applicable. But let me give it to John for a little more color.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Gary. Just, Andrew, just one clarification. I think as we entered the year, we said for the company, the acquisitions would contribute, we thought, maybe a little bit more than half. I think the full year, I would say that the acquisitions now for the total company will contribute slightly more than half. If we look at just at consumer, it might be a little bit more than half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful, I appreciate it. And then, we've had a couple of food companies more recently start to see volume look a little bit less negative or start to gradually recover as the pricing component has started to wane. I realized at a corporate level for consumer, you still had quite a bit of pricing in the quarter, and hence, the volume elasticity. Are there any pieces of maybe the consumer business or particular brands that you can point to where the pricing on that brand has started to wane and you've seen volume trends that maybe make you feel somewhat comfortable that, again overall, as your pricing wanes, volume kind of comes back?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. You're accurate that we still had quite a bit of pricing to overlap in Q1, and that will change as the year goes on. But Andr can give us a bit more color.
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Andrew. Let me just answer the -- both parts of your question. First, with the pricing, which you talked about very succinctly, I'd say the way our pricing overlaps occur over the course of the year -- let me give you some percentages. We lapped about 40% of the price we took last year in Q1, so it is by far our biggest overlap. In Q2, we lap about 30% of it, so again, not insignificant. We had taken a lot of pricing, as you know, last year, and we had sequentially done it. But we had taken a fair amount in Q2, so that's about 30%. And then Q3, Q4, it's about 20% in Q3 and about 10% in Q4. So clearly, the back half certainly supports where we'll see a lot more of those volume trends. But as Gary mentioned earlier, we do see sequential improvements starting to happen in Q2 and Q3 and Q4. With respect to the brands that we've seen and feel very good about as pricing has waned, I'd say that one of the franchises we do feel good about and we're it seeing in our shares and we're seeing it behind the support that our advertising has given us, is probably on the Hunt's tomato products, specifically our diced portfolio. So we see ourselves coming into what is traditionally tomato season, and we're hoping we get a much -- a less mild winter than we got last year. But we see that brand doing very well on a market share standpoint and continuing to win with customers and consumers. So that would be one example I would give you of brands, other than the ones that Gary mentioned, obviously Marie Callender and Slim Jim and Ro*Tel and those brands.
Operator: We'll move now to JPMorgan's Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Gary, I think you talked about the choice you made to favor of mix and margin over volume, at least to some extent for Banquet. And so far, that seems to be the right decision. I'm just curious how to think about maybe some of the risks that come along with this, though, because historically, Banquet's had the attractive price points, had a variety of SKUs such that it served sort of as a, I guess, quasi-private-label brand in the category. So what's the risk here that maybe your actions, though probably smart overall, maybe open up some parts of frozen to inroads from store brands where there aren't really any right now? And maybe you're willing to do that, right? And that's fine. I'm just curious how you think about that risk/reward trade-off.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, good question because we certainly do spend a lot of time working through that, and we think our analytics and our tools are far better than they've ever been. I would tell you, specifically on frozen, we're really not concerned too much about the store brand side of that because we've got such a strong frozen infrastructure, our scale and our productivity, what we've been able to do in terms of driving cost down in terms of the way we produce product. We believe it would be very difficult to significantly undercut a brand like Banquet, so we really don't believe that's a significant issue. It obviously is still a very tough environment, but we really do believe that once we get past this overlap, we'll start to see things moderate. We're not looking for heroics. We're talking about sequential improvement. Andr?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Ken, Gary is spot on about our frozen capabilities. I would also say, let's just remind ourselves, as the consumer looks at this, we still provide a high-quality protein, a starch and a vegetable, in many cases for a $1 in a meal, and that's unbelievable value. As you recall, a year ago, though, it was being sold for $0.88, and that was unsustainable from a margin perspective. So I think we -- I know we've made the right trade-offs. We haven't lost a lot of consumers in that franchise, and they will be back as we lap that pricing, as Gary said. So I think we feel very good about the decisions we've made on Banquet, and it continues to be a great value, a great traffic driver for our customers, a very good franchise we have. And we don't think private label comes in underneath that.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one more, if I can. You've done a bunch of acquisitions lately. Can you give us some color on which ones have exceeded expectations, which ones maybe a little -- maybe need a little bit more attention, so to speak, and what that tells you maybe about where you're thinking about going for future acquisitions? I mean, you made some in packaged meats, for example, sort of all over the store, if you will. And I'm just curious, any learnings you have that can help us understand perhaps how you're thinking about further acquisitions going forward?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. We -- it's certainly really early in the process, so I would say we don't have any red flags at this point. We're very pleased with the way the integrations are going. Things take time to meld into our organization, and we're going to stay very true and disciplined on our strategy. We've got those 3 planks that you see us acting on: core adjacencies, private label and international. And we're going to stick with that. We've got, again, a very, very disciplined process. We're looking for both top and bottom line growth, and we're clearly sticking with that and have very tight filters and a lot of discussion before we move on opportunities.
Operator: And we'll move now to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Gary, I just had a question focused on the frozen entre category. It looks like the last acquisition you did with Unilever, with Bertolli and P.F. Chang's, if you break out the brands of P.F. Chang's, what you're -- mainly, it seems like mainly snacking/Asian food based. The growth profile on those brands is just -- it's a lot better than kind of what we've seen in the frozen entre category. So I'm just curious if you could add some color as to why you think there is such growth basically in Asian-food frozen entre, one. And then two is, if there is growth in this subcategory, will you look to obviously expand that? And then by growing total dollar sales in the category, or would you look to potentially try to reduce your overall mix for some of your slower-growing SKUs?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, we're very excited about the acquisition, both the P.F. Chang's side and Bertolli, because we believe, first of all, most importantly, those are terrific brand equities. They take us into new occasions, which as you noted, there's a bit of snacking, snack meals on the P.F. Chang's side. But really, this multi-serve side of the business is a place that we're very excited about getting bigger in. But those equities are really great, and I think the most important thing is that we have capabilities that can be leveraged because we've got scale, expertise, infrastructure in frozen that I think are going to be brought to bear once we really get this integrated into the company. So we are very excited about the growth prospects of both of those brands. They really hit the mark with some new consumers for us.
Operator: Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets has our next question.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Excluding -- I know you made a comment about this in the script, but I just wanted to be clear. Excluding acquisitions, which clearly came with some marketing spending themselves, how much on an apples-to-apples basis was marketing or advertising, however you're disclosing your spending, up roughly in this quarter?
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. The -- on the base consumer business, our advertising and promotion was up about 20% year-over-year on the comparable quarter.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Gary referred to strong increases for the year as a whole. I mean, what sort of order of magnitude would you expect that marketing to be up against the consumer portfolio for the year, relevant -- relative to your current plan?
Gary M. Rodkin: I'd say we're into the double digits.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And just finally, when you mentioned Hunt's, you commented to the tomato season as potentially responsive to a little bit more advertising spending. Is it your sense that ad spending has become less effective over the last couple of years? Because you've heard a lot of folks in the industry seem to indicate that maybe cutting ad spending is a little bit more rational given some of the consumer pressures out there. And what's your perspective on that? Has it become more or less effective? Any clear trend over the past couple of years?
Andr J. Hawaux: Well, I think a lot of things have happened, Jonathan, over the course of the last couple of years with respect to how you access consumers from a variety of sources. The major -- the old 3-network programs that you did before don't work as well. But I think our teams have done a really nice job getting into the digital space, as Gary mentioned, with Slim Jim and some other things like that. I think you have to have a balance. And we were historically at ConAgra weighted to more push and trade-driven and less pull, and I think what we're doing, consistent with our strategy, has been to better balance that. But I do believe in this environment you need both. You need strong pull recognition, going for high ROI programs. And you also have to have merchandising and trade programs that bring consumers in and that support what the retailers are trying to do. So I think you have to have a balance. And I do believe the programs are still effective. Otherwise, if they weren't, if they had low ROIs, to Gary's point earlier, we would take them out.
Operator: We have a question now from KeyBanc Capital Markets, Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just clarify on the fiscal '13 guidance. So if I just take what you've said, I'm getting to -- base business growth guidance has increased from roughly, I would say, $0.06 in EPS growth year-over-year to about $0.09. I mean, first of all, I know -- if you don't want to be specific, at least, can you just say you have increased your base business guidance? Is that accurate?
John F. Gehring: Yes, that is accurate. I'd say we have increased our base business and the M&A piece has probably gone up a little bit, although I would caution that very recent acquisitions, we don't expect that those are going to be up and running at full run rates for some period of time. So the contribution of those to the current year is fairly minimal.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And the base business increase for the year, is that just a flow-through from this quarter? It seems as though it is. So in other words, you're not baking into your guidance a further increase in base business growth yet. Is that fair?
John F. Gehring: I think that's an accurate portrayal. We've essentially passed through the upside from this quarter, and then we've evaluated the rest of the year and feel like we're in the right spot.
Operator: We have a question now from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First thing I'd like to do is just talk a little bit about the margins in Consumer Foods. You made the comment that the commodity cost, the raw material inflation came in slightly below the expectations. I suppose what I'm really trying to get is just an understanding. Three months ago, I feel like you guys had a very -- more cautious outlook. This is a tremendous report this morning. The margins are up enormously. Year-on-year growth are enormous numbers. Something happened within the 3-month window from the last call to this call. To me, it feels like it was the commodity side of it more than other pieces of it, specifically in Consumer Foods. But what's your take?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, David. First of all, again, let me reiterate how pleased I am with the quality of this Q1 performance, because both our Consumer and Commercial Foods operations significantly improved their operating profits. So very, very pleased with that. Now certainly, we benefited from less-than-expected inflation. Remember, we have to put our plans in place several months ahead, so that certainly contributed. But very importantly, our total margin management efforts across the company have really gotten traction, including our very proactive and effective cost management on top of lower-than-expected inflation. Our plants are also running very well across the company. Our productivity efforts continued to be robust, and our net pricing architecture tools and our analytics have really improved. And finally, our Lamb Weston international business was really strong. So all of the above, on top of just the lower inflation, added up to an excellent quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So, Gary, the only follow-on I'd make to this one is that the pricing looks like it was a lot of carryover pricing and in line with our expectations. And on a full year basis, your productivity savings is roughly where you had thought it was before. So unless there's a pacing issue within the quarters, again, I'm only trying to understand 3 months ago versus today, and it's obvious this is a positive question, but it feels like the big delta was on the commodity side. I mean, am I just too -- am I wrong on this? Am I just being too strong on the commodity piece?
John F. Gehring: David, this is John. I think you're being slightly too strong on the commodity piece. I talked about mid-single digits last quarter. And I think I specified kind of 4% to 6%. When I say slightly better this quarter, probably talking about something in the 3% range. So while it was certainly helpful, there's a lot more to the story than just commodities here. So I think the things Gary mentioned, I think we're -- a lot of our capabilities were working very well. The other thing I'd add is that we expected the quarter to be a fair amount stronger than the prior year ourselves as we entered the year. So I think there is a lot of credit to pass around here in terms of number of capabilities.
Operator: We have a question now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Some questions on the competitive dynamics out there in the industry. The frozen entres, the frozen case has been sluggish in terms of growth, and in a couple of your core categories we're now seeing some price investment by your key competitors. I think Nestl's prices turned negative in frozen entres. Heinz has as well. And then in frozen potatoes, Heinz has been not so quiet about trying to get -- to win back market share with price investment and get retailers to concede some price as well on those brands. So can you talk a little bit about the level of aggression, how you see that playing out as we look forward?
Andr J. Hawaux: Sure, I think we'll -- Jason, we'll tag team this, myself and Paul. Paul can speak to the potato piece, and I will speak to the category of single-serve meals, which I think you addressed with our competitor set there. We on occasion see that. I think that for the most part, people have been pretty disciplined, including ourselves, on pricing. But certainly, there are promotions out there that we see a little deeper than we'd like. But I'd say, on the whole, the key for us is to really bring consumers back and customers back to that category because that's what we've been -- what's been the most sluggish has been the offtake there. And again, a lot of that, and we've talked about this in the past, has a lot to do with the economy and some things like that. So I think we see that coming back. Right now, I don't see competitive prices sort of out of control, but on occasion, we do see promotions driven at a place where we would not rather not play.
Gary M. Rodkin: And you know Jason, clearly, we're not going to stick our head in the sand. We choose to try and drive the business much more with marketing and innovation, but if we need to surgically course correct here and there from a merchandising standpoint, we will certainly do that. That's not our priority, but certainly, we're going to be realistic about it. And on potatoes, Paul?
Paul T. Maass: Yes. I'd just reiterate what Gary mentioned in the formal remarks. There's nothing I'm seeing that would change our strategy and our commitment to this strategy with attracting the high-end consumers with Alexia and our all-natural innovative products with Alexia, as well as the licensed brands -- those are doing well -- and our long-term commitment with private label. And quarter-to-quarter, things may look a little bit different, but long term, everything that we see tells us to stick with our strategy.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One follow-up, if I can, on private label. There's been some chatter in this industry of retailers getting more aggressive on trying to put categories back out to bid to try to get some price concessions. Are you seeing that in the categories you compete in?
Paul T. Maass: Jason, for the most part, where we have the priority on private label is in more on the value-add side. But we're not looking to place most of our bets in categories where it's just purely about the lowest-price bid. That certainly will happen now and then and we have to deal with it, but our strategy is really to go on the value-add side.
Operator: Thilo Wrede with Jefferies has our next question.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Gary, a quick question for you. Last year, obviously, you made an attempt to buy a large private label maker. And since then, you've done several acquisitions, which in my view are -- were much more geared towards the branded side of the business. Is that a shift in focus? Is that a matter of availability? Can you just give us a little bit of color there?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that we're really doing all the above in terms of our 3 pillars. So you've seen us on the branded side, on things like most recently the Bertolli and PF Chang's. You see us in the private label space certainly with National Pretzel. And you've seen us on international with Del Monte Canada and with our increased position in our joint venture in India. So we really do have 3 pillars. It's not an either/or. And we're going to continue down that path.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The private label -- the importance of private label to you hasn't changed at all.
Gary M. Rodkin: No, it hasn't. It is still a priority for us. It's really an important business. Again, we're interested in the value-added side of private label. Retailers clearly, you see, are interested in developing and improving their own store brands. And we've got a well-developed infrastructure on private label. And we're leveraging those capabilities that we have across the company on the branded side, like innovation and food safety and category management and just our overall talent. So we're going to continue to be a big branded player, but we see good growth opportunities in private label.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then the other question I have was just a housekeeping question. Of your new EPS guidance for fiscal '13, how much of that will be contributed by the non-consolidated business, the equity investment business?
Chris Klinefelter: Thilo, this is Chris. We don't usually single that out as a percentage of EPS. I think if you look at the current trends and the run rate, and assume that, that is something reasonable to prorate over the rest of the year.
Operator: Ann Gurkin with Davenport has our next question.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted just to circle back into frozen category and on meals. And in terms of the competitive landscape, are you seeing a step-up in the pace of innovation and the resulting attempt to drive pricing and margins and value through innovation? Any change in the strategy for both you and, I guess, competitors, sorry?
Andr J. Hawaux: Ann, this is Andr. Certainly for us, as Gary has mentioned, we believe we -- in frozen, we have an innovation machine. And not only with the recent properties we just acquired, we feel very good about the capabilities to innovate off of those 2 brands unbelievably well in multi-serve but also in other areas. But we've now sort of capture the frozen case, if you will, from -- I like to say from sunrise to sunset in the sense that we have it now at the breakfast occasion all the way through the dessert occasion. And we're looking at innovation across that entire lineup. We think we'll bring out some things for breakfast that will get consumers interested. And a lot of other things we continue to focus, as you know, on -- we showed some of those products at CAGNY on dessert. We know we have opportunities in single-serve and multi-serve meals, so we, for one, believe that we'll be driving the categories with our innovation machine that we have.
Gary M. Rodkin: And, Ann, I would echo Andr's comment. The feedback we get consistently from our customers is that we are, by far, the best innovator, and we are doing things that are platform oriented, not really one-off. So if you think about our steaming, you think about our MicroRite trays that allow the consumer to get the same quality much more quickly out of a microwave versus an oven, those kinds of things are platforms that we'll continue to leverage.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could also ask about potential expansion or acquisitions. You highlighted you want to increase your international presence. Can you help me better understand? Would it be in adjacent categories? Would you enter a new space? Any geographies you're targeting? Any other details you can give me?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ann. I would say what we're not going to do is just plant a lot of flags. We're going to build out from the infrastructure in places that we already have pretty good scale. It could be places like India with our JV, places like Mexico, and we can grow not just in those companies but from that geography. And certainly, on the Lamb Weston side, where we already have a very significant global footprint, we're going to continue to grow as our customers continue with their aggressive plans to expand in emerging markets.
Operator: We'll move now to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Actually, just following up on the -- we've moved into Lamb Weston here. You mentioned very strong Lamb Weston growth in international markets, and I think you just alluded to emerging markets. Can you tell us any more about which countries are particularly strong here, what kinds of outlets are working very well? And will the operating efficiencies that you mentioned this quarter continue to play out through the rest of the year?
Paul T. Maass: Sure. So I'll -- this is Paul, and I'll just kind of give you a broader perspective. So the way we look at it is there is pretty dynamic growth from emerging markets in general. The highest quality, lowest-cost potatoes in the world are in North America and Europe, which is exactly aligned with our footprint. And so we're well positioned to really align with customers and be key strategic partners that enable them to grow and build out their growth plans in these emerging markets. I would probably generalize as far as Southeast Asia as a real exciting growth market. But in general, we see a pretty exciting growth on frozen potato products in not only Asia, but also the Middle East and South America as well. And we're positioned well to enable those customers to grow there. And then on the operational efficiencies, I kind of hit on the quality of the potatoes and the low cost, but our manufacturing footprint can serve those customers very efficiently from where we're at. And we're very focused on that. It's a big part of what drives our success, and we're committed to that going forward.
Operator: We'll hear a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess just one specific question and then one broad-based one. John, you -- I guess you guys restated sales. Can you just go through that, the reasoning, what exactly that entailed? I realize it didn't impact profits. And then just, Gary, kind of stepping back, not to blindside you, but we -- you put a report out about this Prop 37 and the GMO labeling issue in California. You're pretty broad-based in the industry, and maybe you could shed some perspective on how you think the industry handles that and ConAgra specifically, if the vote goes against you.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, let me handle the question on restating sales. We had a small portion of transactions in our milling business that just historically we've always reported on a net basis. And as we looked at the accounting rules and just looked to get the -- took another look at that, we decided it would be preferable, given how we report the rest of that business, just to report those sales gross. I believe it was about $30 million in the milling business in this quarter. So not material, but we just kind of cleaned it up.
Chris Klinefelter: Eric, this is Chris. In regard to your question about Prop 37, that's not the scope of our remarks today. So what I want to say is that we're working with our trade group and with other food companies to get the word out on it. And we think that when consumers understand the nature of the proposal, they'll vote against it, so...
Operator: And our last question will come from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: This is Rachel Nabatian in for Rob Moskow. So with a lower inflation outlook, what's your game plan for pricing? And given the better environment, do you expect to maybe even roll back prices in certain categories?
Andr J. Hawaux: Rachel, this is Andr. I -- we don't see a need for that because, again, I just want to remind the listeners that it's still inflation that we're dealing with. It's certainly more moderate than it was a year ago, but it's still inflation. But as Gary pointed out earlier, I mean, we will watch where the categories go and where the competitive landscape takes us. But we don't see right now a need in our organization to be rolling back prices. We have a strategy across the full year, so but again, we'll be looking at it. We'll be looking at the commodity markets as we do day in and day out and determining what our posture is. But right now, our plans are not to see ourselves effectively roll back a lot of pricing.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-06-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Marcela Giraldo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about fiscal 2012 fourth quarter performance and our outlook for fiscal 2013. And then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few opening remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. For Regulation G purposes, I will clarify that we reported a loss of $0.21 per share for the fiscal fourth quarter. The loss is due to the year-end expense associated with the pension accounting change. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, fiscal fourth quarter earnings per share was $0.51, that's an increase of 9% over comparable year-ago amounts. I'll also remind our listeners that the associated question-and-answer document, which is filed as an Exhibit on our Form 8-K and on our website has commentary explanatory details and financial tables intended to clarify the pension accounting change discussed in today's release. This will assist with any changes to historical models. I will touch on this topic very briefly now and let John offer more detail in his comments. And then we'll also refer you to the supplemental information for help with financial models and other housekeeping related aspects. In a nutshell, we adopted changes in pension accounting to provide a clearer picture of the underlying operating results of our business. These changes impact current and prior periods. Here's a summary. The biggest of these changes involves mark-to-market accounting for pension liabilities. For context, in a low interest rate environment, pension liabilities increase, and this results in additional expense. To be clear, that is expense created by the mechanics of the debt market as opposed to anything related to our fundamental operations. Under the old method, we had been amortizing that additional expense over several years in our ongoing results. With the new method of accounting, we recognize the additional expense all at once at the end of the fiscal year. This new method provides more clarity for those analyzing our underlying financial performance, and it is also a preferable accounting method. The recently adopted mark-to-market accounting gave us year-end expense of $0.60 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 and year-end expense of $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Those are shown as items impacting comparability. Because we no longer amortize pension-related actuarial gains and losses in our ongoing results, we have removed pension-related amortization from past results, and this, along with other aspects of the changes, has revised the EPS base as presented in prior periods. Along these lines, fiscal 2012 earnings per share benefited by $0.08 per share. That's for the full year. And it includes $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2011 earnings per share benefited by $0.01 for these same reasons. Our revised EPS base, adjusted for items impacting comparability, is now $1.76 for fiscal 2011 and $1.84 for fiscal 2012. The new methodology in place as a result of these accounting changes will apply to past and future results, and thus enable fair comparisons. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS on a comparable basis was $0.51 for the fourth quarter. That's up 9% year-over-year. The $0.51 of comparable earnings includes a $0.02 benefit from our pension change, as Chris touched on and as described in the release. We posted comparable year-over-year EPS growth for our fiscal fourth quarter as we planned, and we showed full year EPS growth also. Our EPS base for fiscal 2012 is $1.84 adjusted for items impacting comparability, that's with the pension noise out of it, and we expect to grow 6% to 8% on top of that in fiscal 2013, adjusted for items impacting comparability. Now I'd like to share a few more details on our fiscal fourth quarter results for both our Consumer Foods and our Commercial Foods segments. For the last quarter of fiscal 2012, we grew comparable operating profit in Consumer Foods, a significant sequential improvement. This was an important milestone, and we're glad to have turned the corner in terms of year-over-year profit comparisons. As we've talked before, the commodity inflation during the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year was very high, at 11%, and it moderated to 6% in the fiscal fourth quarter. A combination of our prior pricing actions, along with the productivity improvements have helped us fight the inflation headwinds. Contribution from our acquisitions this fiscal year also played a role in fourth quarter results, but our base business showed an increase in profitability in the fourth quarter, even without the benefit of acquisitions. The big challenge continues to be shopper behavior and its impact on industry volumes. Specifically, shoppers continue to be extremely value-conscious with their choices at the grocery store. You've heard from us and others that shoppers are sticking to a list, expecting significant value for everything and keeping food inventories at home to a minimum. They're being frugal and eating more leftovers. All in all, a pretty difficult environment for fiscal 2012, and we're being realistic about the environment going forward. Clearly, our portfolio includes many choices that are great values to shoppers, and we need to appropriately leverage that by working hard to generate consumer pull with a combination of innovation and marketing. More on that in a moment. For the fiscal fourth quarter, sales for Consumer Foods increased 6% due to acquisitions. Organic sales were up slightly as price mix added 6% and volume declined about 5%. Given my prior comments about the environment, it's also worth pointing out that a meaningful portion of our fourth quarter volume decline was driven by one brand, Banquet, which weighs very heavily in our overall volume performance given that it's the largest volume brand in our Consumer Foods portfolio. As a reminder, we took pricing on Banquet earlier this fiscal year to deal with commodity inflation, and as a result, the retail price charged by customers crossed the $1 price point at most retailers. With value-oriented consumers being hit the hardest in this economy, there was volume decline as a result of this pricing, but the increase was the right thing to do to address inflation and keep Banquet profits healthy. Banquet accounted for about 2 points of the 5-point volume decline. We're satisfied with our pricing actions this year. This work is continually being refined as part of our Customer Connect initiatives you've heard us discuss before. We're developing a greater confidence in the analytics and systems that make our pricing architecture stronger over the long term. We're also focused on more consistent levels of investment in advertising and promotion, which is an essential component of creating consumer pull for our products. This is very important in an environment where consumers continue to be highly selective with their choices. We had a number of brands that performed well during the quarter. Marie Callender's continued its success with multi-serve meals driving good year-over-year growth and desserts growing at a double-digit rate. It's hard to say enough about the growth of this franchise and the way it's grown share. During the quarter, Marie Callender's single-serve meals grew about 10% for the quarter in both net sales and volume, significantly better than the category. Healthy Choice also gained share and grew net sales during the quarter, even with the impact of net pricing. The Healthy Choice Top Chef flavors have done very well. Another demonstration that the flavor, texture and visual appeal we deliver with our steaming platform gives us differentiation in this important product line. We aim to take advantage of that demand for premium taste with one of our new product lines, Healthy Choice baked entres, which begins shipping next week. Our new Greek frozen yogurt from Healthy Choice starts shipping next week as well. You may remember that product from CAGNY. This is one that we're pretty excited about as it over-delivers on taste and texture and has only 100 calories per serving. Those are just a couple of examples of our innovation pipeline generating new products to grow our brands and categories. We'll have more to talk about throughout the year, and we'll keep you updated on the progress of our new items. We're excited about supplementing our organic growth from innovation and marketing with the right acquisitions. As we've said, we're looking for smart acquisitions that have organic growth upside, operational and marketplace synergies, and which will add to earnings growth and returns on capital over time, which is the thinking that drove the recent acquisitions of National Pretzel and Del Monte Canada and the increased investment in Agro Tech Foods, all of which we discussed earlier this fiscal year. In our fourth quarter, we added 2 product lines that fit our strategic objectives. The first is Odom's Tennessee Pride, which helps build out our breakfast offerings. This business has a line of terrific frozen breakfast sandwiches, and we believe that's a platform on which we can build. Frozen breakfast is a growing category, and the Odom's capabilities are a great fit for our strategy because they help us establish a position in a category that's adjacent to our core business. The second is the pita chip business of Kangaroo Brands. Snacks are growing, private label is expanding, and we want to grow this small but attractive business in a significant way. These are really great tasting pita chips with attractive nutrition. The pita chips segment is an area where we previously didn't have presence, and this product type, much like pretzels, has a good-for-you appeal to consumers. The Kangaroo Brand pita chips are featured in the deli section of stores, so that adds some presence there for us. And the private label chips are in the snack aisle, where we aim to grow our space. Our private label business continues to do well overall, with the nutrition and snack bar business continuing to grow rapidly, and we're excited about opportunities to expand this business in the right way through organic growth and through strategic acquisitions. We think of this business as a consumer-centric store brands business, a more contemporary and differentiating version of old private label models. We apply a CPG mindset to the way we do business here, with consumer and shopper insights that we think help identify categories with good growth and margin potential. Along with our innovation, food safety and supply chain expertise, this enables deeper customer partnerships, and that translates into improved sales and profitability. Moving on to Commercial Foods, sales and profits for the segment increased largely due to the strength of Lamb Weston potato operations. Lamb Weston posted good volume results and good price mix due to pricing taken earlier in the year to deal with inflation. Commercial Foods sales were up 7% in aggregate due to Lamb Weston's progress, but also due to good flour milling volumes. Segment profits grew 7%, reflecting the sales growth as well as favorable product mix, notably from continued momentum in sweet potatoes and operating efficiencies. These factors in aggregate more than offset challenging market conditions for the milling operations. All in all, Lamb Weston had a great year, and we're really pleased with the momentum this business is once again demonstrating. The Lamb Weston team's success for the year reflects good management of raw supplies, outstanding customer partnerships, pricing agility, strong exports, notably in the Middle East and Asia, and continued expansion into the fast-growing sweet potato adjacency. As you heard us say at CAGNY, this business now has an international footprint of more than $1 billion annually. That's taking into account our share of the sales of unconsolidated joint ventures. We're in a position to accelerate that growth. We have terrific relationships with multinational restaurant chains that are growing, and that's good for our business. We've also seen somewhat of a rebound in the quick serve restaurant business in the U.S., and that of course helps. But more than anything, the strength at Lamb Weston reflects a seasoned group of operators who are attuned to the marketplace, skilled at seizing opportunities and have the ability to deal with changing dynamics. They're committed to providing excellent service to their customers, and it shows. Along those lines, just last week, Lamb Weston received a SYSCO Supplier Excellence Award, recognizing them as the #1 Gold Supplier in the Frozen category. This is the second year in a row they've won this award. Suffice to say that Lamb Weston is on top of its game and we expect that momentum to carry into fiscal 2013 and make a strong contribution to EPS growth. I'll wrap up fiscal 2012 remarks by saying that while the broader business conditions were difficult, particularly in our Consumer Foods segment, fiscal '12 was a year of operating progress on a number of fronts. Specifically, I'm talking about pricing in both segments, strong productivity, promising innovation and a significant turnaround at Lamb Weston. As we look to fiscal year '13, we expect to grow 6% to 8% off the fiscal 2012 EPS base of $1.84 adjusted for items impacting comparability. While branded retail marketplace conditions will still be challenging, we're planning for good earnings growth for a number of reasons. First, we'll have the benefit of acquisitions completed in fiscal 2012. That's in the range of half the EPS growth we're expecting. We also have ongoing momentum from Lamb Weston, and we feel very good about that. Third, we expect to see benefit to Consumer Foods margins as a result of effective margin management and less severe inflation. A little context on our outlook for the Consumer Foods segment in fiscal 2013. It's worth pointing out that as we progress through the year, we will lap the price increases we took in fiscal 2012. This will benefit the year-over-year organic volume comparisons in the second half of the year. Though we do expect sequentially improving volume trends in the back half of the year, not only because of the lapping of pricing actions but also because of the benefit of innovation introduced earlier in the year. It's also worth noting that while acquisitions completed in fiscal 2012 are expected to generate the majority of Consumer Foods' profit growth in fiscal '13, that's not the only driver of profit improvement in our plans for that segment. We also expect modest profit growth from that segment's core underlying operations, meaning the base business independent of acquisitions. We're realistic about marketplace conditions, but margin management initiatives and moderating inflation could put us in a position to post modest profit improvement and invest more in marketing for the core underlying operations. Before I wrap up, I do want to remind you that we will continue to be proactive with our strong balance sheet in pursuit of strategic acquisitions that build shareholder value over the long term. All in all, we're confident that our 6% to 8% EPS goal for fiscal year '13 is achievable, and I look forward to keeping you updated on that as we look forward this fiscal year. Now I'll turn the call over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 5 topics this morning. I'll begin with our pension accounting change so that I can ground everyone on a few key elements, including the financial statement impacts. Second, I'll discuss our fourth quarter performance highlights. Next, I'll address comparability matters, and then onto cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, including some details on our recent acquisition activity. And finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook for fiscal 2013. So let me start with the accounting change around pensions. While we've included some detailed information in the release materials, and Chris has also shared some of the mechanics with you, I would like to cover a few key points here. First, our objective. Our objective in making the change is simply put, to provide better transparency to the financial performance of our core business operations. Our prior methodology has resulted in significant impacts to our earnings that reflect neither our underlying performance, nor the cash flow realities with respect to the pension. Next, as Chris noted, the change has 2 significant impacts on our financial statements. First, during the past 2 years we have had, and from time to time going forward we may have, fourth quarter actuarial or mark-to-market losses or gains that we will treat as comparability items. Second, we have removed from our financial statements the amortization of actuarial losses and potentially gains, and we believe that the elimination of this amortization under the new method will improve transparency. Under the new method, our normalized pension expense is comprised principally of 3 components: service cost, interest cost on the pension liability, offset by the investment returns on our pension assets. I would also note that while we considered various options to address the pension expense volatility, we ultimately concluded that this change, and what is deemed to be a preferable accounting method, would best serve our stakeholders. And before we leave this topic, I'd like to emphasize a few other points that are also included in our release materials. First, we are very comfortable with our pension funding level. We made a discretionary pension contribution of about $250 million during our fiscal fourth quarter, and as of fiscal 2012 year end, our funding level was approximately 83%, and that's despite interest and discount rates being at historic lows. Second, while there are some large charges flowing through the income statement with the application -- in connection with the application of this change in accounting, there is no net impact on our balance sheet. In other words, our assets and liabilities, and therefore our net equity, are all unaffected by this change, including the related year-end charges treated as items impacting comparability. Also, the change has no impact on cash flows or pension funding requirements. And lastly, all of the impacts of the accounting change are reflected in our corporate segment. So the results of our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods operating segments are unaffected. I would refer you also to the release materials, which contain additional details regarding the change, including a number of tables which will assist users in bridging to the new earnings base. Now let's turn to our next topic, the fourth quarter performance highlights. Starting with our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were approximately $2.1 billion, up about 6%, reflecting 6 points of favorable price mix and a benefit of about 6 points from acquisitions. These factors were partially offset by a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange and a 5% base volume decline. As Gary noted, about 2 points of this base volume decline was related to the volume impacts from pricing taken on our Banquet brand. Our Consumer Foods segment operating profit, adjusted for items impacting comparability, was $288 million, or up about 7% from the year-ago period. While the acquisitions contributed to the operating profit growth, most of the growth came from margin improvement in the base business, driven by pricing and cost savings, offset by moderating inflation. For the fiscal fourth quarter, we experienced inflation of about 6%, with a good portion of that driven by proteins. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results, and they delivered cost savings of approximately $80 million in the quarter. These programs delivered over $275 million of cost savings for the full fiscal year. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $74 million, essentially flat with the prior-year quarter. And for the full fiscal year, A&P was about $335 million, or 3% below the prior year. For the quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on Consumer Foods operating profit. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were approximately $1.3 billion, or up 7%, reflecting improved volume and mix, as well as disciplined pricing in our Lamb Weston potato operations, where we increased prices to offset higher input costs. The impact on sales from the pass-through of wheat costs in the milling operations was immaterial this quarter. The segment's operating profit increased 7% to $138 million. Lamb Weston posted a strong double-digit rate of profit growth, driven by favorable volumes and pricing mix, as well as production efficiencies. The profit growth for Lamb Weston was partially offset by a profit decline in the milling operations, and while sales volumes increased in the milling operations, profits were lower due to less favorable market conditions. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of this segment and believe these businesses are well positioned for fiscal 2013. Corporate expenses, adjusted for items impacting comparability, were $64 million for the quarter versus $61 million in the year-ago quarter. As previously noted, corporate expense reflects the impact of the pension accounting change for all periods. The tax rate for the year on comparable earnings was in line with our expectations. Now I'll move on to my third topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.72 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter's EPS related to several items. First, we recorded $397 million, or $0.60 per share of pension expense related to the actuarial or mark-to-market losses in connection with our new pension accounting method. Second, on hedging for the fiscal fourth quarter, the net hedging loss included in corporate expense was $53 million, or $0.08 per share. Next, we recorded $13 million, or $0.02 per share, of restructuring and other one-time charges related to our cost reduction and organizational efficiency initiatives, principally in our Consumer Foods segment. Fourth, we recorded approximately $7 million, or $0.01 per share, of acquisition-related expenses. And finally, we recorded $0.02 of income, offset by $0.02 of expense related to several legal and insurance matters which relate to prior years. Next, I'll cover my fourth topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we ended the quarter with approximately $103 million of cash on hand and approximately $40 million of outstanding commercial paper borrowings. While our cash balance has come down quite a bit over the past several quarters, the decrease is primarily a function of putting our cash to work. In fact, during fiscal 2012, we deployed about $1 billion to fund acquisitions and share repurchases. For fiscal year 2012, we delivered operating cash flows of approximately $1.05 billion. This performance was consistent with our expectations after taking into account the impact of approximately $250 million of discretionary pension contributions, which are included in operating cash flows. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full fiscal year, working capital improvement in our base business contributed over $100 million to cash flow from operating activities as we continued to improve our cash conversion cycle metrics. On capital expenditures for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $98 million versus $119 million in the prior-year period. And for the full fiscal year, CapEx was approximately $340 million, which is down from our previous estimate of about $400 million. The decline relates principally to changes in timing on several capital projects. Net interest expense was $51 million in the fourth quarter versus $55 million in the year-ago quarter. And dividends for the quarter increased slightly from the year-ago quarter to $100 million, reflecting the increased dividend rate, offset by a lower number of shares. Now let's turn to capital allocation and let's start with growth. We have said that growth is a priority and that we are focused on strategic adjacencies, international and private label. During the quarter, we completed 3 transactions that are consistent with our growth strategy. First, we completed the acquisition of Del Monte Canada for approximately $186 million. We also completed the acquisition of Odom's Tennessee Pride for approximately $95 million. And finally, we acquired Kangaroo Brands' private label pita chip business for approximately $48 million. As Gary discussed in his comments, we are very excited to have each of these in our portfolio, and they really fit well with our growth pillars of adjacencies, international and private label. For the full fiscal year, we deployed approximately $700 million to fund acquisitions and related growth investments. Going forward, we will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return. And we are confident that we can further leverage our capabilities and our strong balance sheet to create value by investing for growth in a disciplined manner. We also remain focused on organic growth and profit enhancement investments, including investments to support innovation and our cost savings initiatives. The other elements of our balanced capital allocation approach also remain unchanged. This approach starts with our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating but also recognizes the importance of maintaining our strong dividend and executing share repurchases from time to time. And on share repurchases, we purchased about $250 million of our shares in the fiscal fourth quarter, and we currently have approximately $525 million of available share repurchase authorization. Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2013 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2013 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in line with our long-term algorithm of 6% to 8% from our new fiscal 2012 base of $1.84 per share. This fiscal 2013 earnings estimate reflects net sales growth at a rate in the mid-single digits. Sales growth for the Consumer Foods segment is planned to be in the high single digits, with about 2/3 coming from our recent acquisitions. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we expect modest top line growth as volume, pricing and mix improvements in the segment will be offset by the impact of lower wheat prices in our milling business. This fiscal 2013 estimate also reflects modest gross margin improvement in our Consumer Foods segment, driven by pricing and mix improvements and strong cost savings, partially offset by the impact of inflation, which we do expect to moderate over the course of the year. For fiscal 2013, we expect cost savings of about $240 million in our Consumer Foods business. And we are planning for an increase in our advertising and promotion costs of more than 10% to support our consumer brands and new product introductions. Also, consistent with our pay-for-performance approach, total company SG&A reflects higher incentive costs, given the expected margin and comparable earnings per share improvement in fiscal 2013. Additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 is expected to be in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat from quarter-to-quarter. So with respect to the operating profit performance of our business segments, for fiscal 2013, we expect improved operating profit in our Consumer Foods segment, and while we anticipate that more than half of that profit growth will come from our recent acquisitions, we also expect growth in our base business, driven by pricing and mix improvements and supply chain cost reductions, offset by higher marketing expense. In our Commercial Foods segment, we believe both Lamb Weston and our flour milling operations will deliver solid operating profit growth. Lamb Weston is entering the year with strong momentum, and ConAgra Mills is also well positioned for earnings growth in 2013. Turning to cash flow, we expect continued strength in our operating cash flows in fiscal 2013. We expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, including a modest contribution from working capital improvement. Further, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $450 million for fiscal 2013. In summary, we expect EPS, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow in the range of 6% to 8% next year, consistent with our long-term algorithm. And we are optimistic about the long-term strength of our businesses. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Lots of questions. I think I'll leave a few to the people who are going to come after me and get into a couple of detailed things here. Gross margins in the Consumer Foods segment, were they up, down or flat this quarter?
Andr J. Hawaux: Jason this is Andr. They were up this quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the decline was primarily driven by Commercial Foods in aggregate? Is that just a factor of the milling stuff you talked about?
Chris Klinefelter: Jason, this is Chris. For  you're talking about for the total company, our fourth quarter margins were up slightly year-over-year, all segments included. So if you got a different number, we'll be glad to talk about it offline.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, we do have a different number, so I will circle back offline to try to get some of the adjustments corrected on that one. And last question. Your acquisitions, are they margin accretive to your Commercial Food business or are they diluting the margins right now?
Chris Klinefelter: Jason, it's Chris. I believe you mean the Consumer Foods.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Consumer Foods, yes.
Chris Klinefelter: Yes, we would expect them certainly to be accretive to our profits.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But to margins?
Chris Klinefelter: Yes, they will be margins over time. I don't have the details here sitting in terms of the pieces that fell under the quarter. But over time, that's the objective.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to go back, Gary, onto the organic growth in Consumer Foods. So it seems like just from the guidance, it's very limited organic growth in the Consumer Foods in F '13. Can you spend a little bit more time and talk about why? And I did hear, I guess, at the end part of the script a fairly large increase in advertising. Is that the #1 factor to call out here for the organic growth rate being -- it's got to be embedded in the guidance at maybe 1% of EPS growth, something like that?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, David, in Consumer, we clearly have talked about how volume will be modestly down this year, but it will improve as the year goes on and we overlap the pricing. Obviously, we've talked an awful lot about shopper behavior across the industry buying less units, exacerbated by the significant price increases taken this year. And in our case, we singled out Banquet moving over $1, impacting volume to the tune of about 40% of our volume drop this year. But those moves, those pricing moves, are the right thing holistically certainly from an overall financial standpoint. We're going to overlap those pricing actions as we get through the year, and eventually we'll also start to hopefully see consumers flatten out in terms of their behavior on what kind of inventory they're carrying and how they're managing their leftovers. That's going to flatten out over time. But we're planning realistically and we're very, very confident in the algorithm. The margins will improve this year in Consumer because we clearly are going to have less severe inflation. We're moving more towards pull versus push. And that's why you see us committing to a realistic increase in our marketing dollars. But overall, we feel very good about our Consumer Foods business. We will see some modest growth on the organic business side, and we will get a good boost from our acquisitions.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, 2 quick follow-ups. On the pace of volume declines, can you talk a little bit about March, April, May, and then what you've seen in June so far? Is it consistently negative or are you seeing a trend that's maybe suggesting improvement?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, David, this is Andr. I would say that to your question, in terms of what we saw in the fourth quarter, I think I'll just repeat what Gary mentioned. Again, the lion's share of that volume decline was in a brand we took pricing actions on that's very, very sensitive, and that was Banquet. In terms of consumer consumption, as we read the Scan data as well as the All Outlet data, I would say we've seen a slight improvement. But to Gary's point, the consumer sentiment is still where it is. We are not seeing unit consumption growth rates yet across all channels of our business. So I would say it's still kind of the environment that Gary discussed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could take a final question. And just on this promotional spending or advertising and promotional spending increase, I assume by promotion, that's consumer promotion, not trade promotion. And the 10% increase, can you just describe a little bit the logic behind such a large increase?
Andr J. Hawaux: Well, a couple things, David. This is Andr again. I would say what we're talking about here is we have a lot of innovation that we're bringing to market in fiscal year '13. That is going to require some of the products that Gary articulated. That's going to require, we believe, some consumer promotion. We also feel very good about some of our brands where we've taken pricing this year, and we've continued to gain share because we have a consumer preferred product. And we want to continue to make those investments. They'll be choiceful, they'll be in big categories where we can make a difference. They'll also span some of the new items, new types of marketing such as digital and other things that we're really pushing really hard on.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And the final point I would add, again, as we are trying to shift away from being more push-oriented toward more pull. So the total dollars, it's buckets that change, it's not really total increased spend.
Operator: We'll move now to Bank of America's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, one of the great strengths, and I think probably underappreciated sometimes by the market, is the balance sheet flexibility that you have. And you demonstrated it with acquisitions, which are going to benefit this year. On share repurchases, can you just talk a little bit about what drove your decision to repurchase as much stock as you did in the quarter? I'm glad that you did it, but just I'm trying to get a better understanding of what drives the decision-making there in terms of when you decide to go forward and buy back stock.
John F. Gehring: Well, Bryan, this is John. First of all, I don't think we're -- none of this is kind of episodic or short-term thinking. I think if you look at the full year, we purchased about $360 million of shares. The timing really, in some ways was a function of how much we had done previously, and I think as you recall, in some of the previous quarters, we were focusing a lot of our cash and investment in the M&A markets. And I'd say another factor is while on a net basis, we do buy back a significant positive in terms of shares, we also look at the amount of option exercises we have during the year that puts some excess cash to us and we wanted to redeploy some of that back. So I think some of it was just getting back to where we expect it to be on a full year basis. And we saw the opportunity in the fourth quarter to do that.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Are there any additional share repurchases embedded in your guidance expectations for this year, for fiscal '13?
John F. Gehring: Yes, I'm not going to get into specific expectations about share repurchase. What I would say is that if you look at just total capital allocation as we look at our algorithm every year, we do expect there to be a few cents of lift from capital allocation. That may come in the form of acquisitions. It may also come in the form of share repurchases or a combination thereof.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then on cost inflation for fiscal '13, I might have missed it. Did you give a cost inflation? Did you put a number on what you're expecting commodity inflation to be for fiscal '13?
John F. Gehring: Yes. This is John. I think I would say in the range of 5%, maybe 4% to 6% as we sit here today. Obviously, the markets are still moving around, so I don't want to get too precise in my prediction. But clearly, it's in a range that while we'd always like it to be lower, we feel that, that's a range that our business can operate much better at than double digits.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just a rough idea of how much of that is locked in and how much could move around?
John F. Gehring: I don't think we go into those kinds of details. Suffice it to say, we have a fairly proactive procurement capability, and we're looking probably every day, every week where the markets are moving and how to hedge our positions.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And then Gary, just one last one, if I could sneak it in. Just, Gary, as you look into fiscal '13, you've got your plan and your guidance. Is your business plan for this year based on an expectation that the industry environment stays the same, gets worse or improves?
Gary M. Rodkin: I would say to be realistic or conservative, it's pretty much staying the same. Our plan is really based on 3 key factors. That's the moderating inflation we'll see in consumer, so we'll get the margin improvement there. It's the continued traction that we have on the Lamb Weston business. And it's the benefit of having the acquisitions that we did in fiscal '12 for all of the full year in fiscal '13. So when we put those 3 together, we feel very confident in our algorithm.
Operator: We'll hear now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's Scott Mushkin sitting in for Thilo as he's over in Europe right now. A couple questions I want to follow up on. To Dave Driscoll's point about volumes lately, any hints that Banquet is starting to see their volume trends get a little bit better? And I guess what I'm getting at here is that we've seen gas prices come down. I was wondering if the consumers, I think you said it's maybe slightly better. But any hints that the kind of the lower end of the consumer's feeling a little bit better?
Andr J. Hawaux: Scott, this is Andr. No, we haven't seen that. I would say that our expectations and the way we built the models and the way we built our algorithm for next year, as Gary touched on, we see us obviously lapping that pricing sometime in the back half of next year or fiscal '13, I should say. So that's when we believe that the consumer will see some improvement in that business. That's pretty much been -- it's pretty much followed what our model said. So no, I have not seen any improvement.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then I know you -- and to Brian's question, you said you're expecting about 4% to 6% cost inflation. Is that going to cause need for further pricing actions or no?
Andr J. Hawaux: A couple things, Scott. We obviously, as John mentioned, we look at the commodity markets every day, and we'll be -- we have built a whole lot more pricing muscle in this organization as a result of the work we've done around Customer Connect. So where we'll need to -- we're specifically watching proteins, which continue to have a fair amount of inflation behind them. But I would say that, that's what we're looking at. The inflation numbers, you've got to remember we have very robust cost savings initiatives as well that have continued to deliver for the last 4 to 5 years here. And we're going to continue to leverage those as we fight inflation for next year. That's going to be the bulk of the fight against inflation, but we are prepared to price in places where we see our margins getting adversely impacted.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So to paraphrase is if you can get away without doing it through cost saves, you will. But if you have to, you have to. Is that a good paraphrase?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, I would say we're going to watch the marketplace. I mean, I think we've built a lot of muscle now, and we've got a lot of people that are focused on this, so we will act accordingly depending on what the marketplace gives us.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I have one more, and I apologize if you actually said this in your remarks. But the acquisition outlook, another year of bolt-ons or how should we think of acquisitions?
Gary M. Rodkin: We have a very clear strategy and a lot of discipline around our M&A strategy. And it's got to be opportunities that come up, that fit strategically, leverage the kind of capabilities we have, very importantly, offer us growth from a category standpoint and will be top and bottom line accretive over time. So if those opportunities come up, we're ready to leverage the balance sheet again.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And this is John. Just to add on to that. It's not about size; it's about the opportunities and the returns we can get. So I'd say we're somewhat agnostic to size. There's obviously practical limits, but it's really about the things Gary talked about.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess just the first question is, and hopefully I'm doing the numbers right here, but the implied guidance off of the $1.84 new adjusted EPS implies $1.85, I guess, to $1.89 for '13. If we back out the $0.08 from the $1.84, we get to $1.76. So the question I have is, in the release you said you'd expect basically half of that -- half of the $0.13 upside coming from acquisitions. But if we use the old number, the $1.76, that's still implying 11% to 13% percent growth for the year. So would you still expect out of that 11% to 13% growth that half of that would be coming from acquisitions? Or am I just not thinking about this the right way?
Chris Klinefelter: Rob, this is Chris. I think the clearest thing to do is just to say our base is what our base is. It's $1.84, and that's how we've crafted our comments. So when you look at the implied growth off of that, that's what we were discussing in terms of the estimate of roughly half. But again, that is an estimate of roughly. We're not trying to draw it precisely to the $0.01 of exactly half.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fine, and then a follow-up to that. Within your Consumer Foods segment, when you said the $240 million in cost savings inherent in that, are there cost savings from the acquisitions or are we not seeing too many cost synergies from the deals you've already done?
John F. Gehring: All right. This is John, and I'll -- yes, there are -- we do expect to drive costs and capture synergies when go through these deals. I'd say all the deals have some level of synergies whether it be SG&A or whether it be supply chain matters. I'd also note that when we do these deals, there are -- from time to time, we also make decisions to the front end to address in those businesses further. So I'd say it's -- we certainly would expect to have some synergies out of those deals.
Operator: Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my, I guess, operating questions have been answered, so I want to understand the pension changes a little bit more. So is this kind of like what Hershey did, which was adopt the IFRS? Or are you still on a GAAP system?
John F. Gehring: This is John, Eric. We -- I'm somewhat familiar with what Hershey did, but not expert on it. What we did is we are staying with GAAP. So ours is a GAAP method. It's not a hybrid of GAAP and comparability. It's just a straight GAAP method that a number of other companies over the past 12 to 18 months have adopted also.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so what was the expense hit that you were looking at using the old method that was, I guess, so significant and volatile based on the lower interest rates and return assumptions? Like what would that negative, and I realize it's noncash, but what would that negative expense have been?
John F. Gehring: I'm not sure I can answer that. Let me start it this way. You saw what happened to our FY '12 earnings base going from $1.76 to $1.84. So that's about $0.08 in the past fiscal year that it was impacting us by. Once we changed the accounting method going forward, we're now on the new accounting method, and so I don't have a number that says hypothetically, '13 or '14 would've been x, y or z. I think it's logical to conclude it would have been something higher just because of the further decline in interest rates. But the way we look at this now is we've got a new base, the amortization is out of that base in all future periods. And so when we look at our operations and the results we expect, it's much cleaner, and there's no either hidden tailwind or headwind in those numbers.
Operator: And Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard has our next question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask first of all, are you able to break out what the underlying profit growth excluding acquisitions was in the Consumer segment?
Chris Klinefelter: We have -- Alexia, this is Chris. Obviously, we have that detail. What I'll tell you is that the business would have been up at a modest rate, even without acquisitions. Acquisitions were a role, but they -- I mean, order of magnitude, they weren't even half the growth.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. That's really helpful. And on the Lamb Weston business, could you give us a little bit more detail about exactly where that growth is coming from, what channels, what type of customers and which regions are you seeing the biggest strength in?
John F. Gehring: Sure. I would just kind of start with the organization is very focused on our customers, and that focus is paying off. There is some growth domestically and a lot of that growth is driven by product mix. And you heard Gary talk about sweet potatoes, and that continues to be a very positive light. But a lot of the growth is coming from emerging markets outside the U.S. and outside of Europe. And we're very aligned with our customers in supporting that growth. And frankly, a lot of the effort over the last 18 months has been with our team, effectively managing through the dynamics that we deal with year-over-year in a crop-based business. And our ability to do that and improve our ability to work to those dynamics has been a big part of that focus. But feel real good about our alignment with customers and where we're headed.
Operator: We have a question now from Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Marcela Giraldo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Marcela for Rob. So in line with Bryan's question before, do you feel that this year's guidance comes in the context of a tougher environment? Meaning specifically, is the guidance for the rate of [ph] business maybe more conservative this year versus previous years?
Gary M. Rodkin: I would say our guidance is what we believe is appropriate for this year. We feel very confident in that 6% to 8%, and I wouldn't say that it leans in one direction or another.
Marcela Giraldo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up, if I may. You mentioned some rebound in QSRs in the U.S. Is that something you are factoring into your Commercial segment guidance for this year?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, we certainly are expecting another very good year for Lamb Weston, and that does play a role in it.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question now from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: We haven't really discussed I don't think any points on your private label portfolio. It sounds like with the 4% to 6% expected inflation, there could still be a little bit of pricing on the branded side. But if we were to see commodities just drift a little bit more, which is what we've really been seeing in the past couple of days, would you expect pricing to then ease more quickly on the private label part of the portfolio versus the branded or not really?
Andr J. Hawaux: Rob, this is Andr. I wouldn't necessarily see that. I wouldn't see it that way at all.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And why is that?
Andr J. Hawaux: Well, again, you have to look at the commodities that we -- or the commodities that are underlying the basket of whatever that product is. So if we're taking a look at, for instance, bars or now pita chips and things like that, I think we're going to have look at the underlying basket of commodities that support that business and determine where that's going. But I don't necessarily see us rolling back pricing in either of the branded or unbranded. Again we, as John articulated, we see inflation in our portfolio next year. We don't see deflation. So I don't see that as something that we're going to need to do.
Operator: And we have a follow-up now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to follow up on the pension stuff, 2 questions. Isn't the 83% figure actually pretty low relative to the peer group? I mean, isn't the peer group in the kind of the 90% to 100% funding? And then the second question is again, on this -- the amortization exclusion. So, John, does the volatility -- you're now putting the volatility of the service cost and the returns and the amortization of those costs or gains or what have you, that's all going to be an extraordinary item that's kind of excluded in the fourth quarter every year as opposed to any kind of recognition of the expense of the pension from period to period?
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me take those in order, if I can. So first of all, the issue of relative pension funding levels, one thing I think that's very important to keep in mind is our pension liability is measured as of May 31, 2012. I don't have the interest rate curves in front of me, but I am confident that, that is an absolute historic low point for discount rates. So when I look at 83%, and where we sit today, my concern is probably as much about a risk of overfunding if rates rise too high and too fast than it is about underfunding. So we are -- we have measured our liability at the absolute lowest point in discount rates in history. So companies that are measuring their discount rates at any other time over the past 12 months are going to have higher funding levels. So that's why you have to understand that math to understand why I'm so confident. The other question you asked, and again, I'm going to refer you to the materials because there's a lot of moving pieces here. But let me be clear. Our pension expense going forward is going to fully account for the 3 elements of pension cost that I referred to in my opening remarks. The first of it is our service cost, every time an employee works a day or a year and earns a future benefit, the full cost of that service cost is in our pension expense. The second thing that is in our pension expense is the interest on the liability that we have accrued at any point in time. The third element that's in our pension expense is the income we get from the returns on our assets. So all of the elements that you would normally expect to be in pension expense are fully included. The only matter that is going to be captured at year end is when there is a significant mark-to-market gain or loss, and there is no guarantee that there's going to be one of those gains or losses every year. But to the extent there are those significant mark-to-market gains or losses, those will be what's captured at year end as a comparability item. And maybe just for a little bit of additional color, interest rates are now at essentially an all-time low. To the extent those interest rates rise in all likelihood next year, we would have no gain or loss because we wouldn't be over a threshold where we would have to recognize any gain or loss. So I apologize for the accounting lesson here. You're probably all eligible for some CPE credit now, but again, I'd ask you to take a hard look at the materials, and we'd be certainly happy to work with Chris to clean anything up.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Andr, can you talk a little bit about the trade promotion plans for fiscal '13? And how much of a reduction in trade promotion is the source of the funding for the advertising and consumer promotion? Is it nearly all of it or how do we best think about it?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, I'd -- David, I'm not going to get into the particulars of our trade funding. But I think what's really relevant into the discussion is Gary's points that we as an organization have recognized that historically as a company, ConAgra relied too much on push drivers to drive our business. And I think it's appropriate that we rebalance that mix so that we also have a lot of pull behind our brands, which historically we've underinvested in. So I think that's the right way to look at it. I don't want to get into specifics of what's going to happen to our trade funding. I do know that, that is what we're doing. That's what the pricing and margin is going to provide us the ability to do. And I think that's really important for the health of our brands going forward. And I think we're making the right decisions across the board.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. David, I think Andr is right on target. And remember, when we talk about the trade spend, that's going to show up in improvement in our net sales line. The A&P dollars is a separate line item. So you're going to see improvement in our net pricing, and you're going to see us increase our marketing spend, our A&P dollars.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And have you had any of these discussions with your retail customers yet? And how was their reaction to the switch, so to speak, from trade to advertising and CP spending?
Andr J. Hawaux: So the answer, David, is we have talked the talks with many of the retailers, and we've talked to them about this. They understand it. What they really want us to do is to be investing behind our brands, behind the innovation. They are very complimentary of the innovation we are bringing to market in multiple categories. They want to see their traffic counts up. They want to see customers picking up products in the center of the store. So they're very supportive of the actions that we're taking.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-03-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our fiscal third quarter performance and share our thoughts on the balance of the fiscal year, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS from continuing operations was $0.65 as reported and $0.51 on a comparable basis. Comparable EPS was up just slightly from last year. For the full fiscal year, we're committed to our goal of low- to mid-single-digit growth over the last year's comparable EPS. Our improved capabilities have helped us deal with this very challenging environment. I'm specifically talking about our pricing progress in both segments and our continued success generating strong Consumer Foods cost savings. Macroeconomic conditions continue to be difficult, and that weighed on our third quarter results. As you've seen across the industry, retail volumes are soft and inflation for Consumer Foods during the quarter was the highest we've seen all year at 11%. While inflation for some commodities has eased, other areas like proteins, packaging and fuel have continued to rise dramatically. And as we've shared previously, shoppers continue to be very value-oriented and price-sensitive. So while the headwinds have been intense, our focus on the fundamentals has remained strong, and our fiscal 2012 goals remain intact. Now I'll move on to specific segment results. Top line for the Commercial Foods segment increased 14%. That reflects pricing needed to deal with inflation and the pass-through of higher wheat costs along with good potato volumes. Segment profits were essentially equal to year ago amounts on a comparable basis, but that overall flat profit number does not reflect what we feel is important. This is a very strong growth for Lamb Weston being offset by a meaningful decline at ConAgra Mills. Lamb Weston is making great progress capitalizing on global growth opportunities. Lamb had a standout quarter. They've successfully priced to offset inflation and have improved plant efficiencies while pursuing growth. We expect more good things to come from Lamb Weston for all the reasons we shared with you at CAGNY. It's a great business with great prospects, and we're particularly excited about our growing international presence as well as mix improvement opportunities with higher-margin products such as Sweet Potato Fries. More than 25% of Lamb Weston's commercial reach, and I'm including unconsolidated joint ventures in this statement, is international. We're in nearly 100 countries, and we're the market leader in many of them. We're growing at a double-digit pace internationally, following the expansion of well-known foodservice customers around the world. Within our milling operations, the first thing I'll note is that year ago profits were very strong, very much above what we would call normal. So we had a tough lap this quarter. On top of that, volatility in the grain markets did not give us the same profit opportunities we've had in the recent past. On a positive note, things are already improving for our milling operations given market conditions, and this bodes well for a better fiscal fourth quarter from this segment. Aside from any short-term issues, we continue to have an outstanding customer base, good milling assets and leading positions in growth segments like whole grains and ready-to-eat flour, so we continue to feel very good about the long-term prospects for our milling operations. Moving on to our Consumer Foods segment. As I mentioned, we saw a sales increase of 4% overall, reflecting a 5% contribution from favorable price/mix, a 5% organic volume decline and a 4% contribution from recent acquisitions. We continued with our net realized pricing actions during the quarter, just as we said we would. These were necessary to address the very high ongoing commodity inflation we faced, and we knew there'd be some impact on volumes. We continue to face a very challenging marketplace, particularly for our core consumer, who is spending more cautiously given food and fuel inflation, unemployment and housing pressures. We'll navigate this environment with balanced pricing, smart marketing and cost-saving initiatives that will allow us to continue to deliver tremendous value to consumers in these economic times. And at the same time, we'll hope recent signs of a modest job recovery continue and gasoline prices recede. Within those sales results, there were several brands with good performance, such as Chef Boyardee, Marie Callender's, Orville Redenbacher's, Peter Pan and Slim Jim, to name a few. During the fiscal third quarter, operating profit for Consumer Foods was 20% above last year's third quarter as reported. After we adjust for items impacting comparability, segment profits were down 6% due to very high input cost inflation, which more than offset the benefit from pricing, cost savings and recent acquisitions. You heard us say last quarter that we were facing our toughest inflation headwinds of the whole year in our fiscal third quarter. That's exactly how it played out at 11%. Given the circumstances, our team navigated the conditions by focusing on costs and prudent pricing actions in the midst of a turbulent environment. We expect the rate of input cost inflation to moderate in our upcoming Q4, which is a big part of why we expect modest profit growth in the Consumer Foods segment for that quarter. When we look forward, we're confident in our top line growth prospects for all the reasons we told you about at CAGNY. Expanding into core adjacencies, growing our international footprint and capitalizing on the right private label opportunities are all key parts of our growth plans. High-impact innovation also plays a big role in all aspects of our growth. To that point, I know you heard about and, hopefully, many of you tried some of our new products at CAGNY. Just a few weeks ago, 2 of our newer products won the 2012 Product of the Year USA awards. These are voted on by a panel of more than 50,000 consumers, and Healthy Choice Top Chef Inspired Caf Steamers and Orville Redenbacher's Pop Up Bowl were named 2012 Product of the Year in their respective categories, frozen and snacking. We're obviously very pleased with that consumer response. We continue to be very excited about our innovation pipeline. The items we shared last month at CAGNY like our Healthy Choice Greek frozen yogurt, our Marie Callender's single-serve desserts, our Marie Callender's breakfast bakes and Healthy Choice dinner bakes are all frozen category growth drivers. And as you saw, snacking innovations continue to be important for us. For example, we just launched Orville Redenbacher's new, ready-to-eat popcorn, which aims to take advantage of double-digit growth in this important category. That product joins a growing array of new snacking items that we expect to help grow our core business. One of our latest is the new Slim Jim Steakhouse line of meat snacks which we developed for a growth target for Slim Jim: males aged 18 to 29. Slim Jim had a strong quarter overall, with dollar and volume growth, and we expect the Slim Jim Kickin' Carne Asada and Smokin' Mesquite Tender Steak Strips to help deliver growth to the snacks category this year. And of course, we're accelerating our expansion into private label snacking with the pretzel company we recently bought and a strong innovation pipeline. Further demonstrating our commitment to growth is our recent acquisition of Del Monte Canada. We're excited about the growth prospects in adjacent fruit snack categories and -- that this business brings to us. We're also pleased that we now own the market-leading brand of canned tomatoes in Canada, the Aylmer brand, a category we know very well, given our success with Hunt's and Ro*Tel brands. We have put some financial details on that acquisition in today's press release. In closing, we expect to reach our fiscal 2012 goals by posting modest growth in the fiscal fourth quarter. There's no question that difficult industry conditions are weighing on our near-term outlook. But all-in-all, we expect the fourth quarter to show a modest rate of EPS growth for a handful of reasons: one, momentum with potato products in the Commercial Foods segment; two, an anticipated slowdown in the rate of inflation in the Consumer Foods segment; and three, the overall nature of the quarterly comparison, given last year's fourth quarter. We'll offer our thoughts on fiscal 2013 when we do our fourth quarter release in late June. Before I turn it out over to John, I'm pleased to tell you we were named to the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index this month. This recognizes our sound fundamentals and our strong performance in an important part of our capital allocation process: dividends. We remain committed to our top-tier dividend as you've heard us say many times, and we're very pleased that we've been recognized by being included in this list. For more on financials, here's John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to cover 4 topics this morning. I'll begin with our third quarter performance; next, I'll address comparability matters; then, on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, including our recent M&A activity; and finally, I'll share some brief comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2012. Starting with our third quarter performance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.4 billion, up 7%, driven by the acquisitions in our Consumer Foods segment, improved pricing across both segments, volume growth in our Lamb Weston business, as well as the impact of higher wheat prices in our flour milling operations. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.65 versus $0.52 in the year ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.51 versus $0.50 in the prior year quarter. While we're satisfied with the results, we continue to battle challenging conditions in our Consumer Foods segment. Our Commercial Foods segment, however, driven by strong performance in our Lamb Weston business, is on track for a strong year. Now I'd like to provide a few details on our business segment performance. First, in our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were $1.2 billion or up 14%, reflecting improved volume and mix as well as disciplined pricing in our Lamb Weston potato operations, where we increased prices to offset higher input cost. The pass-through of higher wheat costs in our flour milling operations also contributed to this top line growth. Overall, segment operating profit on a comparable basis was about flat. Lamb Weston posted a significant year-over-year profit increase, driven by the volume mix and pricing improvements, as well as improved operational efficiencies. The Lamb Weston performance was, however, offset by a significant profit decline in ConAgra Mills, which is a function of both a strong performance in the prior year quarter and less favorable market conditions in our third quarter this year. While the results for this segment were mixed this quarter, we do expect this segment to perform well over the balance of the fiscal year.  In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were $2.2 billion, up 4%. The contribution from recent acquisitions was about 4%, and the net sales also reflect contribution from price/mix of about 5%, offset by an organic volume decline of about 5%. As we had expected, the third quarter was our most challenging quarter for inflation. Inflation for the quarter was about 11%, driven in large part by proteins, packaging and fuel. We were able to offset this inflation -- partially offset this inflation with pricing mix of about 5% and continued strong cost savings. We do expect to see year-over-year operating profit improvement in this segment in the fourth quarter, as our continued pricing and cost savings benefits are expected to more than offset more moderate inflation levels. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $65 million in the quarter. We expect these programs to deliver approximately $270 million of cost savings for the full fiscal year. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $83 million, essentially flat with the prior year quarter. And for the full fiscal year, we expect A&P to be slightly below the prior year. For the quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on Consumer Foods net sales and operating profit. Overall, operating profit on a comparable basis for the Consumer Foods segment decreased approximately 6% from the year ago period. Corporate expenses for the quarter were $75 million on a comparable basis versus $72 million in the year ago quarter. The tax rate for the quarter was approximately 28%. This is lower than planned, largely due to the gain from the acquisition of a majority interest in Agro Tech Foods, Ltd. This again, which is included in our comparability items, is not taxable. We continue to expect that the full fiscal year tax rate will be approximately 34%, excluding items impacting comparability. Now I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.14 per diluted share of net benefit in this quarter's EPS, related to several items. First, we recognized income of $0.14 per diluted share from a $59 million gain in connection with our acquisition of a majority interest in Agro Tech Foods, Ltd., our India affiliate. This gain -- this noncash gain is not taxable and arises out of the GAAP requirements to write up to fair value our previous equity method investment upon acquiring a controlling interest. Next, on hedging. For the third quarter, the net hedging gain included in corporate expense was $22 million or $0.03 per share. Third, we recorded $8 million or $0.01 per share of restructuring and other one-time charges related to our cost reduction and organizational efficiency initiatives, principally in our Consumer Foods segment. These initiatives are designed to improve organizational effectiveness and to reduce costs. And finally, we recorded approximately $12 million or $0.03 per share of expense, related to reserve adjustments for legal and insurance matters which relate to prior years. Next I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First, we ended the quarter in a strong cash position, with over $600 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Also, we are still on track to deliver strong operating cash flows for fiscal 2012. We continue to expect operating cash flows for the year to be approximately $1.3 billion, excluding the impact of any discretionary pension contributions. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full fiscal year, we expect working capital improvements in our base business. We expect these will contribute to cash flows from operating activities as we continue to improve our cash conversion cycle metrics. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $79 million versus $136 million in the prior year period. And for the full fiscal year, we now expect CapEx to be approximately $400 million, which is down from our previous estimate of about $450 million. Net interest expense was $50 million in the third quarter versus $52 million in the year ago quarter. Dividends for the quarter decreased slightly from the year ago quarter to $99 million, reflecting the increased dividend rate, offset by a lower number of shares. Now let's turn to capital allocation. And I have several matters to touch on today, and let's start with growth. We have said that growth is a priority, and we are focused on strategic adjacencies, international and private label. We have recently completed several transactions that are consistent with our growth strategy. During the quarter, we completed 2 transactions. First, as I previously mentioned, we completed a transaction that provides us with majority ownership of Agro Tech Foods, Ltd., our India affiliate. This majority ownership will enable us to further leverage this strategic platform for growth in an important emerging market. The consolidation of this business is reflected in our financial statements beginning in this, our fiscal third quarter. Second, we closed on the acquisition of National Pretzel, the leading private label pretzel provider. This acquisition fits well with our private label strategy and with the extensive snack capabilities we already have. The acquisition and operations of this business are also reflected in our financial statements, beginning in our third quarter. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we also closed on our acquisition of Del Monte Canada for a purchase price of approximately $185 million. Annual sales for Del Monte Canada have been approximately $150 million. This acquisition fits well with our existing capabilities and expands our portfolio and presence in the Canadian market in a meaningful way. We don't expect any significant EPS impact from Del Monte Canada for the remainder of fiscal 2012. I would also note that we were able to fund all of these transactions out of cash on hand. We will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return. And we are confident that we can further leverage our capabilities and our balance sheet to create value by investing for growth in a disciplined manner. We also remain focused on organic growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansions, as well as investments necessary to support our strong cost savings initiatives. The other elements of our capital allocation policy also remain unchanged. And given our track record of consistent cash flow generation, we believe that we can continue to have a very balanced approach to capital allocation over the long term. This approach starts with our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating, but also recognizes the importance of maintaining our strong dividend and executing share repurchases from time to time. With respect to our dividend, as Gary mentioned, this month we have been added to the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index, and we see this as validation of our commitment to and our track record of consistently providing a strong dividend return to our shareholders. On share repurchases, we did repurchase a small amount of shares in the third quarter, and we currently have approximately $775 million of available share repurchase authorization. Before I close, I would like to comment briefly on our 2012 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we continue to expect fiscal 2012 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low to mid-single digits from our 2011 comparable base of $1.75 per share. To achieve our full year guidance, we expect modest comparable EPS growth in the fourth quarter resulting from strong momentum in potato products and moderating inflation and, therefore, improved year-over-year profitability in our Consumer Foods segment. Overall, the environment, especially related to our Consumer Foods segment, remains challenging. But we continue to have confidence that we can leverage our pricing and cost savings initiatives, as well as our innovation and marketing capabilities across both our Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments to position our company for long-term success. That concludes our formal remarks. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator for the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones for me. First, I think you mentioned that advertising spending in the quarter was roughly flattish. I think, last quarter, you had mentioned that the third quarter might be a bit heavier ramp in advertising, and that's why you expected sort of better earnings growth in the fourth quarter. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what might have changed there. And then just secondly, you talked about Consumer Foods getting back to some EBIT growth in the fourth quarter, primarily as inflation starts to moderate a bit. Just want to get a sense of if there's any sort of additional visibility around the top line and the volume side. I've not heard a bunch of other companies talk yet about a real positive inflection, but want to get a better sense from you on how you see kind of volume playing out, perhaps, in the fourth quarter.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew, I think you're pretty much on target. We're in line with what you're hearing. We certainly don't expect where we are in volume to be our long-term norm, but the near-term environment across the industry is certainly continuing to be difficult. And it's primarily because consumers, other than maybe those in the top quintile of income, are still struggling and having to adjust to higher everyday costs like food and fuel. We're working our way through this with a real intense focus on cost, productivity, overhead control, but we're equally focused on growth through innovation, marketing, enhanced customer planning and acquisitions. But the near-term environment continues to be tough. Eventually, this tough cost and consumer environment is going to get better, and our core portfolio will benefit from that. And we're looking ahead, of course, to gradually lapping all the net pricing actions that were necessitated by this high, high inflation. So we think near term, we're still in a tough environment. Longer-term, we feel good.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just on the marketing side.
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Andrew, this is Andr. We moved -- your points are dead accurate in terms of what we talked about in Q2. We did see, based on some of the factors that Gary mentioned, the need to move some of our marketing out of Q3 into Q4 to better line up with some of the things that you saw at CAGNY that we were starting to put in the marketplace. So a lot of that was just movement from quarter-to-quarter that we saw that was necessitated by some of the things that Gary articulated, but also to line up with some of the product movement and shipment of our new items.
Operator: And we'll move next to Citi with David Driscoll.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to go, Gary, back to kind of the high-level question here on Consumer Foods. Andr, you might want to chime in as well. But you've often talked about the value-oriented nature of the portfolio. The weakness on volumes right now, I mean, sure, I very much understand the inflation point. But I keep thinking that the nature of your portfolio should be performing, in my mind, better than it is, or at least in what I expected it to do, given this very strong value orientation of it. Can you try to -- can you connect a few dots for me and maybe explain if the weakened consumer, why aren't they coming to this portfolio? Your channel mix, is there a problem there where you're just not penetrating to the level that you need to in some of these low-cost alternate channels? How should we think about it -- just -- maybe let me stop there, and I'll follow-up.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, this is a -- this has always been a tough, tough question, and it's really all about the disproportionate impact that this tough environment, whether it's jobs, housing, inflation of everyday goods, is having on our core consumer, which is the bulk of the population, call it the middle and lower income folks who buy those value products. They are the ones who are hurting the most, and it's not getting a whole lot better for them yet. So we're still going through a period of adjustment that hopefully, we're going to be able to lap all of this pricing, as I said before. And eventually as jobs and housing and fuel get a little bit better, our core portfolio should perform better.
Andr J. Hawaux: And, David, just to your point of me chiming in, I would say that one of the things we talked about at the end of our second quarter earnings call was the fact that we would be taking pricing on that value portfolio as well. And I would say that while for many of us, maybe moving from $0.88 banquet meals to $1 is not a lot, to that consumer, that is a significant increase, and that's what we saw in a lot of our value brands. They also are susceptible to inflation, and we had to take pricing. So we knew it would be a disproportionate short-term issue. We talked about that. And we believe, to Gary's point, that, that gets significantly better as we start to move and lap that. But that was what one of the biggest effects was on our value portfolio.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's really helpful. Just one fast follow-up here on the P&L. Corporate expense for the quarter, is that an appropriate run rate? It came in a lot lower than we thought. Is that the rate -- run rate that we should be at? I know you guys struggle with this question as much as we do, but any insights? And on the joint venture line, nice improvement there. You wrote some commentary in there about a turnaround in that business. How do you think about $13 million a quarter going forward?
Chris Klinefelter: David, this is Chris. I'll start and say that as far as corporate, you're right. The best thing we can do there is just to guide you that for a full year basis, we generally look at something in the mid-3s as a normalized run rate. In terms of the equity method earnings, we are definitely seeing a turnaround improvement in the potato joint venture that we cite in the release. As far as giving a hard number by quarter, I'm a little reluctant to do that. But it's definitely safe to assume that the trends are moving in the right direction.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But today's number is much more reflective of what it should be doing, give or take, than prior numbers.
Chris Klinefelter: That's fair. And then some of the years where it was toward the top of its range, this would be the rate that it showed. Right.
Operator: And we'll move now to Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question is one of the -- you're reporting a quarter that included December, which was weak both on a measured basis and across the -- on a shipment basis for the entire industry it seems. Was there a market difference in your shipment linearity between December and, say, February exiting the quarter? Like would we see improvement over the course of the quarter? Just in Consumer Foods is what I'm curious about.
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Jonathan, this is Andr. We did not see a significant change from when we entered the quarter, relative to both consumption in units and in dollars, and when we exited. I think the comments that Gary made about a challenging consumer environment, the fact that our pricing was about 5%, no, we did not see any significant change either in consumption. I would say that the other piece would be that our non-measured channels and the businesses there are performing slightly better than our grocery or syndicated channel business. But again, we didn't see any significant trends both entering the quarter and exiting the quarter that would be material in our view.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So just following up then, thinking about -- we came into this year talking about low- to mid-single-digit earnings, and now I guess we're kind of talking about modest -- a sort of new language about it. I guess -- I mean, do we feel like -- when you look at how we're feeling about Q4 versus where we were, I mean, is it really sort of like 1% or 2% now at this point we're looking for? I mean, I know low to mid-single digit gives you a wide range, and you certainly could reaffirm. But I guess when I hear the word modest -- that's new, Gary, I kind of think -- it sounds to me like that's sort of a -- maybe a little bit more conservative than it's been in the past. Is that a fair comment?
Chris Klinefelter: Jonathan, this is Chris. I'll start and say that -- we're pretty clear in the release that we have downwardly revised our outlook for Q4. We do expect growth. The "modest" that you're describing has to do with our outlook for Q4. What we generally mean there is something in the single-digit range, and that would result in a year's contribution that puts us in the range that we've talked about.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just following up on that because I was thinking that, that word "modest" was particularly modest, given the fact that the 2% to 3% EPS growth for the year would seem to imply something closer to double-digit in the fourth quarter, but you're not seeing it that way, that modest in the fourth quarter gets you to the low single digit for the year.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. Yes, I think you're thinking the right way on that, Dave.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, the right way meaning that pushing double-digit would be what you would need to get to a 2% to 3% for the year?
Chris Klinefelter: That's right. However, what we're telling you is that we do expect a modest EPS growth in the fourth quarter. That would put us at a low single digit for the year, which was in the range of what we've talked about.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Okay. The milling business, could you educate us a little bit about what happened in the quarter? In the past, I had understood that volatile trading environment would be good, but you said volatility in it was bad this quarter and somehow was getting better into the fourth quarter. Could you just comment on that a little bit?
Paul T. Maass: Sure. This is Paul. And the overall conditions in the -- John had commented, first of all, a very tough lap. So we had a really good quarter a year ago, so that was a piece of it. And as far as the market environment, in general, you're correct. Volatility translates into a better operating environment for us. In a lot of commodity markets, there remains a lot of volatility. Wheat actually has been less so. And when we look to the fourth quarter, part of it is the comp again. So we look -- it looks a little bit more favorable from a quarter-over-quarter comp. And then the market -- overall, the market dynamics are somewhat improving versus what we went through here in the third quarter.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And one last one. On the weather, is it impossible at this point for ConAgra or any food company to back out how much the weather has been a drag in the business? Or have you thought about how much you could possibly tease that out from just the regular price elasticity dynamics and other consumer weakness?
Paul T. Maass: Yes, David, I wouldn't -- I mean, I wouldn't hazard a guess. I mean, I think if you look at one of our most seasonal items and one that is just spot on with the weather, it would be our cocoa business. The category, just cocoa in general, is down about 28% to 30%. So you could back that out and -- there are other businesses that we have that are very weather-related because of the way people cook at home and things like that. But that sounds to me then like a weather report and another excuse, and we'd rather just not go down that path, quite frankly. Weather did have some effect, but I wouldn't be able to correlate it to a case count number. I don't think it's -- I don't think it adds a lot of value to the discussion.
Operator: And we'll move now to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just had kind of an easy question, I hope, on capital allocation. I know you stated today that your CapEx, I guess, target for the year went from about $450 million to $400 million. So wanted to get a little color as to what was happening there. And then the follow-up was just -- it just sounded like the tone around share repurchase kind of shifted a little bit from what you were saying at CAGNY. It sounded like -- at CAGNY, you were kind of saying you have $780 million or so under authorization. You were looking to basically exhaust that within 2 or 3 years. And then today, it just sounds like you were saying the 3 pillars of shareholder value that you can return, that you would do share repurchases from time to time. And then when we look at Q3, you bought back 7 million in shares, which is great. It's a positive, but it just seemed like -- it just seems like, especially with CapEx coming down a little bit, that you would have more ability to be buying back more shares than you did in Q3. So really, just CapEx and share buyback.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, let me start on the share buyback. First of all, I would emphasize that we've -- there was certainly no intended change in our tone around share buyback from -- over the last couple of months or couple of quarters for that matter. I think it's important to note that we did use a lot of cash this quarter for acquisitions. And we've always said we're going to be disciplined and prudent about share buyback, but it will be lumpy from time to time. But there is no change in our commitment to share buyback. It's an important part of our capital allocation policy. On the CapEx, I guess, first, I just want to emphasize that the reduction in our CapEx forecast for this year does not reflect any decisions to delay either infrastructure or growth projects. We're not cutting any corners on safety or -- nor are we going to be delaying any growth or cost savings projects that were ready to go. I think the lower CapEx estimate does reflect some changes in project timing, as well as we entered the year -- we have certain amounts that are unidentified or held for unidentified projects and/or contingency, and some of those amounts we just don't see as being needed this year. I would also note that we've obviously focused a little bit more attention this year, and more capital for that matter, on M&A activity. So overall, what I'd say is we're still working very hard on growth, and we feel very good about the capital we put through our infrastructure.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you walk me through your thought process in regards to pricing? You're pricing less than the industry and competitors. How much is that driven by trying to balance volume losses and offsetting commodity cost increases, versus not creating too much of a fixed-cost absorption issue?
Andr J. Hawaux: Thilo, this is Andr. I'll take the first part of that if -- or maybe take all of it. I would say that I think you have to look at the categories in which we compete. I would say that if you aggregate the basket, your comment is directionally correct. But as we look at the categories we compete in and the pricing we have taken, in many categories we have actually led pricing. So for instance, in tomatoes, we've clearly led pricing. In frozen foods, we've clearly led pricing. So I think you have to get a lot more granular and take a look at the categories. And I would say that in many of our categories, we are at high levels of pricing against our competitive set. I think the factors that you mentioned, we're always trying to balance the right -- what's the right volume equation to manage absorption and all those kind of things. But I think we have shown -- certainly, this year, as we've put in a lot of the Customer Connect principles that we've talked about, that we have taken a very disciplined approach to total margin management. And that is -- we're trickling that down throughout the entire organization. So I feel very good about the pricing that we have taken, given where ConAgra was in the consumer space historically.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then ACT II had the first positive quarter since 3 or 4 years. What's behind that? Is that a reflection of the consumer?
Andr J. Hawaux: I think there's a little bit of that. Again, our total -- we look at our total popcorn business. I would say that I would not look at one quarter as an outlier for that brand. I do think, though, it's got some value positioning. It operates also broadly, and not just syndicated channels, also has a broad portfolio outside of that in club and a couple of other areas. So I think we've done fairly well with that brand. But I wouldn't draw any conclusions for one quarter.
Operator: And we'll hear now from Davenport's Ann Gurkin.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, can we spend a little time on the milling business and what you think could happen to the size of the wheat crop, the wheat prices for calendar '12? In other words, what are we looking for, for that business in the second half of this calendar year? If you could start with that.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. So overall, I think the market dynamics on wheat are probably less favorable than we had, had over the last several years. I think when you look at the overall supply and demand fundamentals, there should be ample wheat for -- when you look at new crop and the conditions that we're facing, I think there's -- from our perspective, we believe there will be ample wheat. And that should be a pretty favorable position for us. Is there anything else you wanted on milling?
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Pretty favorable position in terms of size of the crop, is that what you're saying?
Paul T. Maass: Yes. Not only size of the crop, but I think then, when you transition from one crop cycle to the next, that all that -- at this point, everything looks like we should have a smooth transition.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then at CAGNY, you all talked about on joint business planning and working with retailers. I was just wondering if we can get an update behind that strategy.
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes, Ann, this is Andr. We continue to do very well. We've had a lot of sessions. Doug, our Head of Sales, attended business conference suites, which is bringing together a lot of retailers and manufacturers. We continue to get very high marks from retailers about the collaborative nature of our joint business planning, the innovation we're bringing to bear, the shopper marketing tools we're bringing to bear and the insights. So again, as I mentioned to you when I saw you down at CAGNY, I think it is a journey that we're on. We are putting a lot of new muscle into this area, including the work we're doing on pricing and total margin management that I spoke about. But I feel really good. And I think unsolicited, we have heard from a lot of our customers the very difference that they're seeing in sort of, I would call it, the new ConAgra. And our sales teams are doing very well against pushing those initiatives through and having really quality dialogues with our customers.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Has it resulted in product placements, new customer wins? Anything...
Andr J. Hawaux: Oh, I think so. I mean -- again, new customer wins is a -- we cover a lot of customers today, and there's not a lot of places where you cannot find ConAgra products. I do believe it has resulted in us working with them, specifically on innovation, around points of distribution. If you look at our record and our results and total points of distribution, we continue to be at the top end of the industry in terms of getting our new items put on shelf and in the frozen case, across the universe of customers. So we do a very good job there.
Operator: And we'll hear a question now from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The futures market for corn seems to be implying a large crop with some healthy yields this summer and maybe that comes to pass. But at some point, whether it's this year, next year, after, costs for the industry are going to rise again and perhaps steeply. I'm just wondering if maybe the industry is in a situation, right, considering recent elasticities, where that next time around we'd really need corn to stay cheap more than we usually do. Because the price elasticity we've seen lately, not just for you but also for your peers, perhaps has cut into the appetite for price increases going forward. So I'm curious if that's the case in your view. And if it is the case, maybe manufacturers will have to eat some more margin next time around in order to maintain volumes. How should we think about that, industry-wide, in your view? Has there been a structural change in appetite for price increases after this experience?
Paul T. Maass: This is Paul, and I would comment just a little bit on the corn market. Clearly, the structure is -- it's in a pretty big inverse. So as you say, the forecast is for record planted acres this spring, translated into a record crop. If you play that cycle through, that should have an impact on prices, and that's reflected in the futures markets today. I think I would comment that the world has responded to overall higher prices, so you're seeing production impacts across the globe. And from my vantage point in particular, it's really critical that we stay aligned on what our input costs are and we price appropriately. And we've got a -- if we have inflation, we've got to price it through. If we end up in a situation long-term where there's some deflation, we would be expected to adjust as well. But -- so our focus here from an operations perspective is really staying aligned with input costs and pricing.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So you don't think there's been a shift in, at least from your perspective, mentality and maybe nerves aren't frayed, and you will take pricing again next time if you have to.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Ken, this is Gary. I think the industry, certainly ConAgra, and even on the customer side, understands well how important it is to have pricing discipline. And I think the most important thing to keep in mind is that there are periods of adjustment. So you've got to be able to get folks used to the new price. You've got to overlap it. But you have to keep your margin structure in place to be able to continue to drive the business. And that's, I think, a lesson learned for the entire industry. One important thing to remember is that we as Americans continue to spend, by far, the lowest percentage of our income per capita on food. So it's very different from the rest of the world. And we'll just have to continue to make those adjustments.
Operator: And we'll move now to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess looking out to next year, I know you're not prepared to make a full forecast, but can -- maybe you could just comment on the -- given the acquisition activity you've made so far, based on your numbers, how much of that should contribute to consolidated sales? And if there is at this point a contribution to earnings, how much that -- how much we should think about?
Chris Klinefelter: Eric, this is Chris. Why don't I start with that? So to your point, we're not in position to give anything very specific on fiscal '13. It's also safe to assume, though, that when we do acquisitions here and there, obviously we expect them to contribute earnings. In our long-term algorithm, the commitment of 6% to 8%, we expect some contribution from capital allocation in a generic fashion. That could come from a small acquisition here or there, which is the period we're in most recently, or it could come from buying back stock, paying off debt, that type of thing. So it's safe to assume that it will be part of the earnings stream and that they do add a little something here or there. But to get too specific at this point, we just need to wait.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess to follow-up on Jonathan Feeney's question, not to -- just to understand, because like the fifth bullet point of your release today said you kind of reiterated low to middle single -- mid-single-digit earnings growth this year. You -- I think it's appropriate in this environment to be cautious. Is the mid-single digit -- is that like a function of, let's say, some of the less predictable businesses in the portfolio? Like if grain milling opportunities arise or Lamb Weston continues to do as well as it is, is that what could get you to that mid-single digit for the year? Or is that basically not really reasonable, and it's just -- it's low-single digit and the fifth bullet point in your release isn't really accurate or appropriate at this point?
Chris Klinefelter: Now, Eric, this is Chris. Let me say we've been talking about a range all year, so we reiterated the guidance of our range. However, within that range, it is safe to assume that if we have a modest Q4, that it's going to be a low-single-digit rate of growth, which is on the low end of the range. It's because we're going to follow it in the range, which is why we use the language we've been using all year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last thing and I'll pass it on. But Gary, you've been in the CPG world for a long time, and I assume you've heard other companies talk about it and some -- given the current environment, some people have blamed weather. Others have talked about inventory de-load. But I mean, it sounds like you're of the -- in the camp where we unfortunately, in this country, have a percentage of the population that's basically going to bed hungry every night. Is that kind of how you see it, as unfortunate as it is?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, there's certainly a small percentage like that, but that's probably a little extreme. But I would tell you that until we start to see a significant turn for most folks, not just the top quintile which drives a lot of what we're seeing in the stock market today, we're going to have people make adjustments, and we're going to have to get past these overlaps because when you earn -- when your household earns $50,000 a year and you've got to spend however much more at the grocery store and at the gas station, that has an impact. And that has to get overlapped. And that has to get adjusted to. And hopefully, if this recovery -- overall economic recovery starts to trickle down, then we will see things get a bit better. But right now, it's a tough environment for most of the core consumers in the CPG world.
Operator: And we have a question now from Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the volume momentum for Lamb Weston? You mentioned the international business. Was that the primary driver, the geographic expansion and momentum that you have with some of those quick-service restaurants overseas? And perhaps you could also comment on how the volumes look for Lamb Weston here in the U.S. I think we saw yesterday some data from General Mills saying that even though sales at quick-service restaurants have picked up, the average traffic has not picked up much at all. So I just wanted to get a sense for what you're seeing as the drivers of volume growth on the Lamb Weston side.
Gary M. Rodkin: Perfect. Thank you. Volume, what I would comment on -- first of all, volume in Commercial Foods was favorable across the entire business. Lamb Weston particular, the volume was highlighted by growth in international. The other thing I'd comment on is mix. And so focusing on innovation to drive volume, especially domestically. So we're seeing a lot of traction with Sweet Potato Fries and other innovations that we have. And so I would describe the U.S. volume as being favorable but probably driven more by mix, and overall volume being favorable, driven more by our focus internationally.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And just a quick follow-up on frozen entres. Given what you've said around the weakness that I think also applied to that category, is that continued category weakness? Or is it a trade down to private label? I don't think that's particularly important in that segment. But just some color on what you're seeing there.
Andr J. Hawaux: Alexia, this is Andr. You're absolutely right. The private label really makes -- doesn't make much of a difference in that single-serve entre business. I think, as I mentioned, we took pricing in the value end of that category, and that's probably where we saw the most softness. You'll note that, that category is really -- there's really 3 elements, so I've just spoken about the economy. The health segment there, where there's 3 key players with which we play there, has been under fire now for quite some time relative to where consumers are going. So that category was soft. But we held our own there. And where we've seen the best growth in our portfolio and where -- is really with Marie Callender on the premium side. So remember, our strategy in frozen has us really shooting to win in single-serve meals, but really pushing out into adjacencies. We've been very successful with the Marie Callender Bakes item. Our business is up and we're gaining share in multi-serve, which is also another important component of the frozen business. And we also talked about adjacencies, specifically dessert, where we are also doing very well with the Marie Callender. And the Banquet equity with fruit pies there have done very, very well. And if you were at CAGNY, you will see the new items that we're bringing to the entire frozen case, both on meals but also, importantly, with desserts and also the new Healthy Choice frozen Greek yogurt items. So we're doing -- we feel we're doing very well in frozen. The challenge, to your point, has been that single-serve meal occasion, and I hopefully answered your -- in the 3 tiers that we look at there, what is going on in that business.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Before we sign off, I'd just like to say I know we all are aware how tough this environment is. But it's really important to think a little bit longer-term. And as we said at CAGNY, and I think articulated in some detail, we've got a well mapped out strategic plan. We call it our Recipe for Growth. We are following that road map, and we've made several acquisitions already that you've seen to advance toward the gradual reshaping of our portfolio. And that, combined with the better fundamentals that we've spoken about and the very strong balance sheet, does give us confidence in the future. And again, this tough cost and consumer environment eventually is going to get better at some point. And when it does, our core portfolio is going to benefit from that. So tough environment today, but still continue to be very confident about the future.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you, Gary. And to our audience members -- I mean, just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-12-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods
Analysts: Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  This morning, we'll share with your our perspectives on the quarter and the balance of the year, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us.  Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings links, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations.  Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS from continuing operations was $0.41 as reported and $0.47 on a comparable basis. It was a little higher than planned, but as a point of reference, last year's comparable amount was $0.45.  We're pleased with the business performance of the quarter. We demonstrated good top line performance, with both our segments reflecting pricing needed to help offset inflation. Our Commercial Foods segment posted a strong double-digit rate of operating profit growth, driving the over-delivery for the quarter. We're on track for our full year commitments, which you'll hear more about later from John.  Right now, I'd like to share a few highlights from the quarter for each segment, starting with Commercial Foods. We saw favorable results in terms of pricing actions, volumes and mix. Our double-digit sales increase was driven by pricing across the segment, necessitated by significantly higher input costs. In our milling operations, we passed through our higher wheat prices. And in our potato operations, we increased prices to deal with higher operating costs. If we stripped out the top line growth from the milling operations given their pass-through nature, we'd still be looking at a sales growth of about 7% for the segment. That's a strong top line performance. This combination of pricing, volume and mix helped drive a very strong profit increase of 26% for the segment, and Lamb Weston, in particular, had a strong profit performance versus a year ago.  To the point on mix, higher-margin sweet potato products are doing well in the food service channel. And Alexia, our premium Frozen line, along with our private label potatoes, are driving results at retail. From our vantage point, the quick-serve restaurant business has stabilized in the U.S., and our customer partnerships across the board are as strong as ever.  I'll touch on a few international highlights for Lamb Weston's business. We're excited that the Lamb Weston/Meijer -- that Lamb Weston/Meijer, a joint venture mostly focused on Europe, is posting improved results, and we're also seeing strong results in other important markets. For example, Southeast Asia's up 30% over year -- year-over-year, and our sales to China are up 23% year-over-year. We expect to keep capitalizing on high-growth global opportunities at Lamb Weston, the cornerstone of our strategy for our potato business.  If you remember back a few quarters, we were struggling in Lamb Weston with some margin and operating cost issues. We've overcome those earlier challenges, and we're executing very well on the key operating initiatives, which are resulting in improved mix, pricing and efficiencies. Our milling operations had good profit results as we managed commodity markets well and continue to focus on a more profitable mix of products, including more sales in the growing whole grains market. As I said, we're very pleased with the Commercial segment's results this quarter, and we attribute the over-delivery of the quarter's EPS primarily to our Lamb Weston team's progress.  Moving on to our Consumer Foods segment. Sales there grew 4%. Price mix was favorable by 5%, showing sequential improvement as we planned, and volume declined 1%. We accelerated our pricing during the quarter with increases to address the ongoing commodity inflation that we're facing. There were many brands that had good sales performance to offer a few that grew both dollar sales and units: Slim Jim, Peter Pan, Reddi-wip, Chef Boyardee, Marie Callender's and Banquet.  I do want to point out that during the second quarter, Consumer Foods came very close to offsetting incremental inflation through a combination of net pricing and strong cost savings. This means comparable gross profit was very close to last year's amounts. In that regard, we've come a long way since the beginning of this wave of inflation. For the past several quarters, we've not been able to make up for the severe commodity inflation with our pricing and productivity actions. We're not declaring victory, but we're making good progress.  Taking all things into consideration, I'm pleased with our teams' ongoing efforts to implement appropriate net pricing actions and to generate strong productivity. But we remain cautious about overall business conditions, given ongoing commodity inflation, particularly in proteins, as well as a soft macro environment. While sales grew, the segment's comparable operating profit declined 4%. We did increase our marketing investments slightly, and overall marketing spend should be up modestly for the year, but the rate of investment is not smooth across quarters.  When we take a step back and look at the broader implications of the ongoing initiatives across both segments, there's plenty to be encouraged about. For example, we're more confident with our pricing methodology and architecture than ever before. The impact of higher prices on our volume in the Consumer Foods segment was within our expectations, actually a bit better. But we take a realistic approach in our outlook and caution that we could experience more volume impact over the next few quarters as consumers react to the market environment.  Despite somewhat moderating inflation on some commodities, we're still battling tough inflation in some of our key inputs like proteins. In fact, we expect comparable year-over-year input cost inflation to peak in our fiscal third quarter and for that quarter to reflect our toughest COGS headwinds.  Revenue management is one part of our Customer Connect transformation. Of course, trade partnerships are another. Recently the Kantar PoweRanking report, which measures those partnerships, listed its top 10 food makers as ranked by retailers. This year, I'm happy to say that we moved up a notch within the top 10, with specific improvement in growth and profitability, best sales force and customer teams, most innovative marketing approach and consumer insights and category leadership. This is an important validation of the progress we're making in this critical business driver. We're also on track to deliver another $275 million this fiscal year in cost savings through our supply chain. In addition to our cost savings, we've invested substantially over the years in our people, processes and infrastructure in our supply chain. I'll tell you in a minute about a couple of key achievements that are a testament to the very strong foundation we've built here.  Our operating foundation is strong throughout our business and can be leveraged for future growth, given the progress that's been made over the last few years improving our portfolio, operations and culture. We're now in a position to focus more on adding to the business.  When we talk about M&A opportunities and strategic fit, we primarily mean that we're focused on expanding in, one, core adjacencies; two, private label; and three, international. Marie Callender's pies and Alexia transactions, which we've discussed before, are great examples of expanding into adjacencies that fit with other product lines which we know well. We're extremely pleased with how those have worked out.  The addition of Elan Nutrition bars and, most recently, National Pretzel Company, are examples of expanding our private label footprint. We've talked about how participating in the private label space with the right assets and the right categories can add significant value to customers and open up new doors for growth. We have some very good private label assets in our portfolio already, and we know what good looks like for the private label space. Those insights helps us shape our private label expansion plans.  Expanding internationally is our third growth focus area. And I'll point to the recent increase in our ownership of Agro Tech Foods, Ltd. of India, which broadens our participation in a large exciting developing world market.  Let me offer a few words about those most recent transactions, National Pretzel and Agro Tech, which were closed after the end of the second quarter. National Pretzel Company is a great private label asset in a very good category, salty snacks, with strong market share and good organic growth upside. Performance over the last few years has been very good. National Pretzel Company annual sales approached $200 million, and this acquisition gives us strong innovation opportunities and another growth vehicle for private label snacks.  Also, after quarter end, we increased our position in the Indian company Agro Tech Foods, Ltd. We're now the majority owner of that company. This is a great way of participating in the high-growth potential of that important emerging market. We expect this to add about $150 million of sales over the next 12 months, led by cooking oils and popcorn, in its first full year under our majority ownership. I'll let John touch on other financial detailer -- details related to these transactions.  We do want to reinforce that we evaluate M&A opportunities with a disciplined process. It goes without saying that M&A activity requires a great deal of patience, so of course, there'll not be news every quarter or even at regular intervals. We're only interested in opportunities that have a good strategic fit and come at a fair price in light of the future growth prospects. We also have EPS and ROIC standards as a company that guide our process, and of course, we have expectations for organic growth once we own the assets. But overall, we have to be convinced that we're getting the right assets with the right growth potential for the right price, and that any new assets make appropriate contributions to create shareholder value over a reasonable timeframe.  Before I close, I'd like to share with you 2 milestones that demonstrate the returns we're seeing from consistently investing in areas that matter the most, food safety and the safety of our people. First, we learned in November that we had been nominated for and had won the Manufacturer of the Year award from the Safe Quality Food Institute. We were recognized for our commitment to food safety and for our early and widespread adoption of food safety certification in all of our plants.  Second, we achieved a workplace safety milestone rarely achieved by any manufacturing facility in any industry. Our team at our Rensselaer, Indiana popcorn plant exceeded 1 million labor hours without experiencing an OSHA recordable injury. Keep in mind, we're talking about a very large operation, one that makes almost 600 million bags of popcorn annually. That's a tremendous accomplishment that reflects our teams' commitment to employee safety.  In closing, I think you can see that we continue to make progress across many facets of our business. I'm pleased with that progress, particularly in light of the overall economic environment. And this continues to be an environment that requires us to be realistic in our outlook. After taking our operational progress, our acquisitions and the business climate into consideration, we are reaffirming our guidance of low to mid single-digit growth over last year's comparable EPS.  At this point, I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and happy holidays to everyone. I'm going to cover 4 topics this morning. I'll begin with our second quarter performance. Next, I'll address comparability matters, then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, including our recent M&A activity. And finally, I'll share some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2012.  Starting with our second quarter performance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.4 billion, up 8%, driven by improved pricing and growth in our Lamb Weston business, pricing in our Consumer segment and the impact of higher wheat prices in our flour milling operations. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.41 versus $0.45 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.47 versus $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Overall, the quarter came in a few pennies stronger than we had planned. This favorability was driven principally by strong performance in our Commercial Foods segment. Now I'd like to provide a few details on our business segments. First, in our Commercial Foods segment. Net sales were $1.2 billion or up 16%, reflecting good volume and mix trends, as well as disciplined pricing, especially in our Lamb Weston potato operations where we increased prices to offset higher input costs. While the pass-through of higher wheat costs in the milling operations also contributed to this top line growth, net sales were still up approximately 7% across the segment, excluding the impact of higher wheat costs.  Overall, segment operating profit on a comparable basis was up 26%, as both ConAgra Mills and Lamb Weston posted significant year-over-year increases, driven by volume, mix and pricing improvements, as well as improved operational efficiencies. We are pleased with both the second quarter performance of this segment and the trends going forward for the balance of the year.  In our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were $2.2 billion, up 4% driven by pricing improvements of 5%, offset by a 1% volume decline. While in recent quarters our pricing has lagged inflation, we made significant progress in the second quarter in getting our pricing and productivity caught up with input inflation. In fact, this quarter, the impact of our pricing actions, in combination with our cost savings, essentially covered inflation. For the quarter, we experienced inflation in our Consumer Foods business of approximately 10%, driven principally by proteins, packaging and dairy. We continue to see significant inflation pressure over the back half of the year, with year-over-year impact from inflation peaking in the third quarter.  And while we will continue to execute our pricing and cost-savings programs, we don't expect to see year-over-year margin expansion in this segment until the fourth quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings in excess of $70 million in the second quarter. We expect these programs to deliver approximately $275 million of cost savings for the full year, consistent with our previous estimate.  On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $102 million, up about $3 million from the prior year quarter. For the full year, we expect A&P to be slightly above the prior year. For the quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on Consumer Foods net sales and operating profit. Overall, operating profit on a comparable basis for the Consumer Foods segment increased approximately 4% from the year-ago period.  Corporate expenses for the quarter were $89 million on a comparable basis versus $83 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase relates principally to higher incentives and pension costs. The tax rate for the quarter was approximately 33%, which is in line with our estimated full year fiscal rate of 34%.  Now I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.06 per diluted share of expense in this quarter's EPS related to 2 items. First, hedging. For the second quarter, the hedging loss included in corporate expense was $27 million or $0.04 per share. We also recorded $16 million or $0.02 per share of restructuring and other onetime charges related to our cost reduction and organizational efficiency initiatives. Consistent with the first quarter, these charges relate to both our network optimization programs and organizational realignments, principally in our Consumer Foods segment, designed to improve organizational effectiveness and reduce costs. Next, I'll cover my third topic, cash flow, capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First, while we repaid approximately $345 million of long-term debt during the second quarter, we still closed the quarter in a very strong cash position, with over $700 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Also, we're still on track to deliver very strong operating cash flows for fiscal 2012. We expect operating cash flows for the year to exceed $1.2 billion, consistent with our previous estimate.  On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. For the full year, we expect that working capital improvements in our base business will contribute to cash flow from continuing operations as we continue to improve our cash conversion cycle metrics. On capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $65 million versus $82 million in the prior year period. And for the full fiscal year, we expect CapEx to be approximately $450 million, which is slightly lower than our previous estimate. Net interest expense was $51 million in the second quarter versus $34 million in the year-ago quarter. I would note that the prior year quarter included approximately $19 million of interest income from the notes receivable related to the sale of our Trading & Merchandising operations. These notes were repaid in December of last year, so we are done lapping the interest income in prior periods. Dividends for the quarter increased to $95 million from $88 million in the prior year quarter, reflecting the increased dividend rate, offset by a lower number of shares.  Now let's turn to capital allocation. I have several matters to touch on today. Let's start with growth. We have said that growth is a priority, and that we are focused on strategic adjacencies, international and private label. Recently, we completed 2 transactions that fit well with our growth strategy.  First, we recently completed a transaction that provides us with majority ownership of Agro Tech Foods, Ltd., our India affiliate. This majority ownership will enable us to further leverage the strategic platform for growth in an important emerging market. We will begin consolidating its result in the third quarter. Initially, we expect the earnings impact to be negligible, but we are bullish about the long-term prospects of this business. I would also note that as a result of the required purchase accounting, we will be recording a gain on this transaction in the third quarter, which we will treat as a comparability item.  Second, we recently closed on the acquisition of National Pretzel, a leading pretzel -- private label pretzel provider. This acquisition fits well with our private label strategy and with the extensive snacks capabilities we already have. The acquisition and operation of this business will be reflected in our financial statements beginning in the third quarter. While we need to complete the purchase price accounting, which will impact amortization expense, we currently expect that this business will contribute approximately $0.04 of EPS in the first 12 months, with the EPS contributions skewed somewhat towards the latter months.  As you've heard us say consistently over the past several quarters, we continue to pursue growth through acquisitions. While the timing of acquisitions depends on a number factors, not all of which we control, we will continue to pursue opportunities where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return. And as we have demonstrated, we are ready and willing to leverage our capabilities and our balance sheet to create value by investing for growth. And we will do so with discipline. Our approach to growth through acquisitions has been consistent. In addition, the other elements of our capital allocation policy also remain unchanged. Specifically, we remain committed to a top-tier dividend payout. We also remain focused on organic growth and profit-enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansions, as well as investments necessary to support our cost-savings initiatives.  On share repurchases, we do expect to acquire shares from time to time, funded by cash flows from operations. As we've said before, it is not our practice to add leverage or change our capital structure to fund buybacks. We did purchase about 4 million shares during the second quarter for approximately $95 million. As we had nearly exhausted our previous authorization, our Board of Directors recently approved a $750-million addition to our share repurchase authorization. As a result, we currently have approximately $780 million of available share repurchase authorization. To summarize, I would note that given our track record of consistent cash flow generation, we believe that we can continue to have a very balanced approach to capital allocation over the long term. The approach starts with our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating, but also recognizes the importance of maintaining our strong dividend and executing share repurchases from time to time. In other words, adding to the portfolio should not preclude us from executing the other elements of our capital allocation policy to create stakeholder value.  Before I close, I'd like to comment on our fiscal 2012 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we continue to expect 2012 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low to mid single digits from our 2011 comparable base of $1.75 per share. Our 2012 full year earnings estimate reflects net sales growth at a rate in the mid single digits. We also expect our Commercial segment to deliver strong year-over-year improvement in both sales and operating profits. In our Consumer segment, pricing and mix, plus cost savings, are expected to essentially offset the impact of inflation of about 10% for the full year. Operating profit for the Consumer segment for the full fiscal year is expected to be about the same as the prior year. At the corporate level, we continue to expect higher cost this year, driven by higher incentive and pension costs.  Overall, we're confident about our fiscal year guidance, and we expect great performance in our Commercial segment to continue through the balance of the year. However, given our current assessment of the back half for our Consumer Foods segment, including the inflation pressures, especially in the third quarter, timing of marketing investments as compared to year-ago quarters and a somewhat cautious view of volumes given our necessary pricing actions, we currently expect EPS in the second half of the year -- EPS growth, I'm sorry, in the second half of the year to be concentrated in the fourth quarter.  Overall, the environment remains challenging, but we continue to have confidence that we can leverage our pricing and cost-savings initiatives, as well as our innovation and marketing capabilities, to position the business for long-term success.  That concludes our formal remarks. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator for our Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick things for me. First, with respect to the third quarter commentary around being prudent and cautious and what have you. I just want to make sure that it's not based on anything that you're necessarily seeing currently in any of the data you have from a volume perspective. So the down 1%, I think, was probably somewhat better than maybe -- certainly than a lot of the data that we all get suggested, and you said you're obviously somewhat pleased with that. Is there reason to expect at this point, based on something you're seeing, that, that likely gets a little worse before it gets better or are you just being conservative?
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, I think there are -- there's really 3 reasons that we see the back-half growth concentrated more in Q4, and that's basically the timing of inflation, as we spoke, year-over-year. Specifically, our projected inflation for Q3 is the toughest cost of goods headwind for any quarter this fiscal year. The second is that we are -- we think appropriately cautious about volumes, as the recent price increases have only been in the market for a few months and the fact that we have more coming in some of the value-oriented areas of the portfolio, which, in some cases, have greater-than-average elasticities. And the third is the timing of our marketing investments are skewed more in Q3 versus in Q4. So when we put these factors together and, really, the nature of the quarterly year-over-year comparisons in general, that's why we see the growth in Q4. That's really it.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate it. And then...
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One last thing, with respect to sort of the outlook around M&A and what have you. And we certainly appreciate the perspective on discipline and patience, and I think that's clearly what most would want. When you listen to some of the other sort of private label consolidators, they're certainly telling a story more recently of the potential for an accelerated rate of M&A on their own parts going forward. I guess just based on what they're seeing in the market and the pipeline that's out there and such. And I guess what I'm getting at is seeing that and seeing the private label is a big part of your -- or one of the planks of your M&A, does that give you -- is it hard to balance, I guess, a sense of urgency that you may need in that space, given what others might do versus kind of the patience and the discipline? Or are you ready to go ahead and do some things more quickly if they appear? Because it seems like the other players are going to be going on another spurt, if you will.
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, you mentioned that it's private label is just 1 of the 3 planks for us, so we want to make sure we keep that in mind. But we are clearly ready, willing and able when it makes sense for us. It's got to have the right strategic fit. It's got to have the right kind of metrics that we talked about. But make no mistake about it, we are clearly ready to jump if the right property comes along with the right kind of attributes.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Do you feel your -- this is the last thing. Do you feel your, I don't know, contact and tentacles, if you will, in sort of the private label space, more broadly, will allow you to do some things over time? Or I guess what I'm getting at is I'm trying to get a sense of whether you feel that disadvantaged at all to some of the players that have been looking at maybe some of these assets for a long time, because that's something that's come up here and there. So I'd just love your thoughts on it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Andrew, I think that's a fair question. And I would say, if you asked us that a few years ago, the answer might have been, yes, that we might not feel as confident. But I would say, that is not the case today. We've got a pretty strong infrastructure and experience level with the businesses, $1 billion worth of private label businesses that we're already in prior to the acquisitions of Elan and National Pretzel. So I think we've amped up our infrastructure. We've got the right experience. And the thing I think that advantages us the most is that we can leverage the infrastructure and the capabilities that we have as a large $13-billion CPG company, which, in many ways, can be leveraged, whether that's food safety, innovation, marketing, packaging, you name it. We can leverage those things more than we think some of our competitors can.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the Consumer Foods volumes. So in the second quarter -- I agree with Andrew, these were certainly better than what we were expecting and what we saw in the Nielsen data. Andr, Gary, can you 2 talk about this just a little bit more in depth? And specifically, how was the growth in the unmeasured classes of trade, like dollar and club? And then can you speak a little bit to retail inventory levels?
Andr J. Hawaux: David, this is Andr. Let me take that multifaceted question. I think we do, as we said, feel very good about where the volume came in. I would also just reiterate Gary's comment that he made about the process. We look at the out quarters and more pricing that we're going to be taking as a result of inflation. Some of that pricing will be in the value added -- some of our value brands, and we're just being cautious on what the elasticities will be going forward. With respect to non-measured channels, it was -- our growth was significantly more than our measured channel growth in this particular quarter. Our mass merch business was up double digits in terms of net sales. We also had a strong convenience business, which was also up double digits, that really on the strength of our Slim Jim portfolio. So we did very well there. Our dollar channel stores continue to grow, and we had a very good performance in our club business. So I think that answers most of the elements of the questions that you have.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just on the EPS guidance range. So with the good second quarter results, your EPS range of -- the language you guys gave, I translate that into 1% to 6% EPS growth. It's a bit wide versus what we see. And with a strong second quarter, I would think maybe you guys would have some tendency here to narrow the range. Is there -- maybe this is rehashing some of the things you've already said, but are there some specific concerns you have that make kind of the back half more difficult to predict and that would be why you wouldn't say narrow the range a bit?
John F. Gehring: Dave, this is John. Let me try to take a shot at that. I guess, overall, I'd say our -- again, our view for the total year really hasn't changed in terms of EPS. And just given the volatility in the business world right now, we're not going to get into parsing up narrowing the range at this point. What I would say is that, and I think Gary has probably touched on this, as have I, inflation has ticked up a bit in the third quarter. We talked about some of the headwind we have there and just the need to remain cautious about potential impact on volumes as we continue to assess pricing actions. So I don't know that that's anything new versus what we've said earlier in the discussion, but it's a -- I'd say we're confident about the full year. But these are volatile times, and we just think we need to be looking around corners at some of these issues.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. One, just on the commodity inflation outlook. I think you mentioned protein going up, also potatoes. Just -- if you could talk a little bit about what's happening with potatoes, and has that been more inflationary than what you were expecting going into the year?
Paul T. Maass: Yes, this is Paul. We had a -- if you remember, we had kind of a rough crop transition in the first quarter. And the contracting nature of our business, most of that is set. And -- but clearly, we've had inflation, the potato perspective. But we've got that in. We've got a good line of sight on exactly what that is, and we've priced -- I think the key thing about our business is the alignment between what's happening on that input cost with what we're contracting, and that's made a big difference. And so the pricing...
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So what you've -- what you're seeing on inflation there isn't any different than what you were expecting earlier in the year?
Paul T. Maass: Exactly, yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up question, I guess, to -- for Gary, just on the -- on National Pretzel. I think you touched on it in answering Andrew's question, just your ConAgra's potential ability in private label to leverage your infrastructure. Can you just talk a little bit about maybe what you're seeing now in terms of your ability to deliver, I guess, the floor cost to the retailer relative to some of the -- what you think your competitors are doing? Just -- even just how big you think that gap is in terms of your ability to get that cost to the retailer on the floor.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Bryan, it's really important. When we take a look at private label, particularly as we look from a growth standpoint, we are looking at things that are not going to be just run on a bid for the absolute lowest price. We're looking for quality products. We're looking for products where we can differentiate with innovation. I think you're going to see that over time in a big way in National Pretzel. You see that in our bars business. And we really -- our concept of private label, as we look out across our strategic plan, is that it's going to be much more tiered, not just the lowest price generics as we've seen in the past. And the best evidence of that is places like Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Costco, et cetera. So we look to play not exclusively, but more in the areas where we can be value add and really leverage our capabilities. And that's, I think, a really important takeaway.
Operator: We have a question now from Jon Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Gary, I wanted to ask specifically about -- as you look at the -- your acquisition strategy, you've been very clear about your desire to use your balance sheet. Do you -- how -- time-wise, how patient will you be before you just start to maybe buy back stock? Or I guess that's the only really other capital allocation alternative and, certainly, a pretty attractive one, the way -- and one that presents a significant hurdle rate. If you could tell me what sort of rate you use as far as a minimum hurdle rate when you think about financial accretion in that context. And is there a timeframe at which you say, "You know what, the better way to do this is to buy back stock because our core business isn't generating so much cash and growing so well?"
John F. Gehring: Yes, John, this is John Gehring. Let me take a shot there. At the risk of maybe reiterating some of the things I've already said, I think, first of all, given our cash flow, we think we can, for a while yet and probably a long while, continue to focus on growth, as well as execute our other priorities, including some level of share buyback. In terms of our level of patience, I would say this is a strategy. And inherently, I think that means it's going to be fairly long term. So I think we're going to stay at it for a while. We are interested in growth. We think the best thing, long term, for this company is to get larger and more profitable and generate more cash. So I think the answer is we're going to stay with it for a while and -- until we absolutely see there's a flaw in the strategy. But at this point, we're confident in the direction we're going.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm sorry, I was just going to follow up to that. I mean, when I look at your trends versus others in the industry, and a lot of the improvements that have been made in the company the past 3 or 4 years, I've concluded this is pretty deeply undervalued. Do you share that opinion? And does that influence your trade-off between buying back stock and doing acquisitions?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Obviously, we share your opinion.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I don't know. That's not obvious.
Gary M. Rodkin: We do. We believe that we've got a much different company than we had 5 years ago. Many people tend to have very long memories, and we believe that we've made a lot of progress. And the capabilities that we've put in place are going to be leveraged as we go forward here. So I guess the short answer is, yes, we believe that we are undervalued.
Operator: We'll move now to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess, one, back to the buyback. You bought back 4 million shares in Q2, but none of that really flows through into diluted. Is the expectation going forward in the following quarters from Q3, Q4, that there will be continued option exercises? Or if you were to continue to buy back, let's say, $100 million a quarter, should we see a little bit more of that flow-through?
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. I'll start. I mean, the thing that I'll tell you is that our share repurchase plans have really not had any connection to what we've tried to predict in respect -- in terms of option exercises. It's really not a strategy of trying to gain some type of short-term EPS. We know that there is EPS benefit, but it's kind of independent of any timetable that would have to do with options. Our plans, as John mentioned, are to repurchase shares prudently from time to time, given the market conditions. And you can see from our past actions, we don't let it sit too long. So just please be aware, they don't have anything to do with our expectations about what's going on in terms of employee option exercise.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then the -- just the housekeeping item is the CapEx guidance. And I know it only went down by $25 million, but was there any color around that? Any rationale?
John F. Gehring: This is John. I don't think there's any really significant messages in there. It's just a function of we're a big company. We have a lot of projects going on. Some of them come in a little high, some come in a little low. And then we have some timing that impacts some of these projects. So I'd say there's no message relative to our willingness and interest in investing in our business.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then lastly, to your point, you mentioned private label more of a tiering system, Trader Joe's, what have you. I think I've heard before -- I talked to a few people that -- I mean, it seems like you may even be having like a new private label kind of a health bar product going into a number of different retailers outside your standard snack bar product, which would be considered a little bit higher end. Kind of as we look forward next couple of quarters and into next year is, is part of that strategy then to not just really be playing on an organic basis, not just acquisitions but on an organic basis in higher end, potentially, more profitable private label products?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes. So this is Andr. I mean, you're absolutely right. We've just launched a bar, a protein bar and a meal replacement bar, that has those attributes that you mentioned. And if you recall from Gary's earlier comments, that's the reason we bought -- to give ourselves additional capability. When we acquired Elan over a year ago, that was for that very reason. We knew we could then sort of trade up and get into some other capabilities that we currently didn't have in our bar business, and that's largely in the fast-growing area of protein and meal replacement.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions for you. In your Consumer segment, there are several brands that after 4 or 5 quarters of declining sales now had a turnaround and had positive sales. Is that driven by things being done differently by innovation, or is it just easy comps that you are now lapping?
Gary M. Rodkin: Thilo, I would need a little bit more specificity to answer your question. Some of the things that you mentioned are valid. Some of it will be promotional comps. But I -- if you could give me the brands that you're speaking of I could probably reference it.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes. So for example, Chef Boyardee had 5 quarters of declining sales, now turned positive, same for Hunt's. I think La Choy was 5 quarters negative is now flat. So those would be 3 brands where performance improved in the second quarter.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, let me comment on Chef specifically. I think Chef, it's a combination of retailers certainly getting behind it. But we've just recently launched a new marketing campaign touting the value of that value product for families, and that's actually worked really well for us. And Hunt's continues on, on the campaign of -- a new campaign as well, that we're driving in the marketplace. And again, we're the #1 share in branded canned tomatoes. So that's done very well for us as well.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one more question maybe about your acquisitions. I would say that National Pretzel and Agro Tech, those were more bolt-on deals. Did you do those to tide you over until you can do something more transformational, whether opportunistic? That -- how do you balance these bolt-on deals versus transformational transactions?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Thilo, I think the most important thing is availability. We don't speculate. But some properties have to be available that meet all the criteria, starting with strategic fit, et cetera. So we've got a pretty wide lens.
Andr J. Hawaux: The only thing I'd add is the whole notion of -- we're not looking just either at transformational or kind of some of the smaller bolt ons. We're trying to look at, as Gary said, everything that's available to us. And if they make sense, size alone is not a criteria that will determine whether we go forward or not.
Operator: And we'll move now to Deutsche Bank's Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. First one on the private label initiative. My -- I guess my understanding -- I think you said, Gary, it's about $1 billion business in total, but it seems like almost all of that is grain based. And obviously, Ralcorp's piece of it, if you have gotten that, was grain based. Do you kind of feel is it just going to be a focus strategy in M&A on -- and, I guess, organic private label growth on grain-based products? Or are you willing to, let's say, do Frozen if a retailer was to come to you? And then I have a follow-up on Commercial.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I would -- Eric, I'd say that, clearly, we happen to have a good bit of grain based, but that's not a specific strategy. We also have a big position, for instance, in potatoes and cooking sprays. So no, we're not looking to be just in grains. We're looking at categories where we can get growth.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Commercial side, it may not be a direct comp, but I think your profits peaked in that business a couple of years ago at around $590 million for the year. And you obviously did very well this quarter. Most of the outperformance, you're talking more positively about it. How do we -- given that we don't have a lot of visibility on that business, like how do we think about the kind of profit trajectory of that business over time? Is it -- can you get back to those levels? Is it -- or is there something either in the macro environment that limits it? How do we think about that, Gary?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, actually, I think I'll put the -- this, first, over to Chris.
Chris Klinefelter: Yes. Eric, I'll offer a couple of remarks then turn it over to Paul. The -- keep in mind that you're exactly right, and we had some very strong earnings levels a couple of years ago. Those -- keep in mind, we have a flour milling business where the market dynamics are always going to be a little bit different. It's very difficult to say that some point in time, we're just going to go back and match that exactly. We -- since that time, we also went through some crop issues that you've heard us talk about with Lamb Weston with recent cycles. But to anchor it back to some point where all things were working very well into -- and an extremely high earnings level would be a difficult one. What we can say at this point, we are very confident in the fundamentals of the business. A lot of things are going exactly the way we would want them in terms of pricing and the operating dynamics, but we'd really be hesitant to anchor it on some number just a few years ago. Paul?
Paul T. Maass: Yes. And the only color I would add is just I'm very pleased with the progress we're making, and so we do have favorable momentum that you're seeing here in the second quarter. And I really believe that the growth outlook in Commercial, it'll be there. And we've got a lot of confidence in the team and the focus that we've got on the business to really grow it -- going forward.
Operator: We have a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones for you. I just want to get -- be a little clear on the Commercial -- I'm sorry, on the Consumer Foods business for the third quarter being a little more cautious around the profit expectations for that division. You have pricing. It sounds like that's going into place. Is it just that you're being more cautious around the volume expectations? Or I guess what I want to understand is that it sounds like you're close to offsetting your cost inflation this quarter with pricing and cost savings. With more pricing, will you be above the level of cost inflation in Q3, just worried about volumes?
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. I'm going to start. Let me just reiterate something you heard from Gary and John. I realize that we have upwardly revised our inflation estimates. And so you're right to the point where we're coming close to the point of offsetting them. We believe that we're in a position to continue doing that, but we have upwardly revised our inflation estimates. And in addition to that, we have some pricing kicking in, Q3, on some areas of the portfolio that are value oriented and that have higher-than-average elasticity expectations. So that's -- there are concrete reasons why we're expecting what we're expecting for Q3. Andr?
Andr J. Hawaux: Yes. And I just -- to build on that also, Gary reemphasized that the marketing investment is skewed a little bit more to Q3 than it is to Q4, based on timing. So those would be the points that I raised that Gary articulated earlier.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to follow up from an earlier question. How would you suggest that the retail inventories, are they in a good place today? Are they where you want them to be? Were there any kind of benefit in the quarter from new product shipments, that kind of thing, that maybe boosted inventory a little bit?
Andr J. Hawaux: We -- Chris, we don't see that we had any benefit or downside as a result of retailer inventories, and the innovation pipeline for us has been relatively smooth across the year. Most of the launches were, for us, in Q1, so we don't see that being a big determinant of their volume for this particular quarter.
Operator: And we have a question now from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow along. Were there any onetime gains or inventory gains or new business wins in the Commercial Foods segments that helped that volume?
Gary M. Rodkin: No. It was -- Ann, it was pretty much just good basic organic performance.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then secondly, I've heard a number of companies talk about how they think it's best to work with their retailers. So be curious to your thoughts on what is the best strategy to work with retailers right now, whether it's grocery stores or mass merchandisers or dollar stores? What can ConAgra do to best partner with these retailers to drive volumes and sales?
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, Ann, I would think that the things that we're doing -- and we talked a little bit about our Customer Connect organization last quarter, but really the focus for us has been around working jointly with the retailers around joint business planning. And all of them have a slightly different process, if you will, because there -- no 2 are the same. But we really believe that looking both in -- on a short term and really working with retailers on a long-term basis around categories that'll help them grow and being somewhat agnostic to brand or areas where we really want to drive that business. The other thing we bring is shopper insights, and really, folks are asking us much more to be focused on the category dynamics, not so much the brand dynamics. And more people are trying to -- we're trying to field a lot more custom research, so we understand the consumer that happens to shop at a club versus a dollar store versus a mass merch. So we're getting much more specific and granular about the work we do with specific retailers.
Operator: And we'll move now to Crdit Suisse's Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This may not be the place to ask the question, Andr, but I was wondering about Hispanic marketing. Most of your consumer staples peers have accelerated their efforts in that area. I really haven't heard much about what ConAgra is doing. Is it a focus of yours going forward, or you're really just working on Customer Connect for now?
Andr J. Hawaux: No. I think -- Rob, I think it is a focus of ours. I mean, we're starting from a -- we were relatively not that big in this segment. And I think our growth rates in terms of dollars, I won't quote them right now because I've don't have them off the top of my head, but we've made significantly more investments in the Hispanic marketing. And we have more plans, as we look at our 3-year strat plan of marketing, to do even more in that space. So we're starting from -- I would say, from a small base. But we're certainly going to accelerate that as we look at like others look at the demographics that are out in front of us, and we need to be in that space.
Operator: And we have a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could I focus in on the Frozen entre segment for a second? I'd be curious about what you're seeing in terms of competitive dynamics, and also what you're seeing in terms of the consumer. In particular, I'm curious about whether you're seeing an increasing coupon redemption rates, and what that might say about whether the consumer is strengthening or weakening in that particular segment.
Andr J. Hawaux: Alexia, this is Andr. I'll take that. Let me just take Frozen and a couple of areas for us. For instance, we are very happy at the progress we've made this particular season with the acquisition we did of American Pie, which united the Marie Callender pie equity. We have seen category growth rates very significantly in the double digits, and we've gained significant share as we've expanded distribution of that product and really have, what I'd say, won the holidays. So I feel really good about what we've done in the dessert area, which is -- again, is a core strategic adjacency for us. Number two, in multi-serve, with the advent of Marie Callender Bakes, which uses the MicroRite tray, we've done very well in that space as well. The category has been up for us, and we have also gained share in multi-serve. As you know, single serve in this economy probably has been the toughest element of the Frozen categories. What we're seeing is, again, across our brands, Marie Callender continues to deliver very strongly. The healthy segment of Healthy Choice, that competes with several other competitive offerings, has probably been the toughest hit relative to volume, but we're taking a fair amount of pricing in that category. And it's also one that probably is most influenced by the economy, as we see carried lunch to work decline. I -- and I'd say, we've been very happy in the quarter about where our value offering was with respect to Banquet. The competitors have been very rational. This category is highly promoted, but we're seeing promoted price points move up as all of us deal with rising input costs across these businesses.
Operator: And our final question today is a follow-up question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick one. Gary, most of the businesses you're in, in your private label business, tend to be in categories where you don't operate in the branded side. Not always, but I think most, if I'm not mistaken. I'm just curious is that a dynamic you want to generally continue, meaning keeping kind of those categories separate, or I guess would you consider opening up your thought process on doing both? I know it can get a little bit more complex that way.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Andrew, we never say never, of course. But our strong preference is to kind of have the separation of church and state. So we would prefer to be in categories where we're focused on one or the other. So that's really what our primary interest is.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we're available for discussions.  Happy holidays, and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, again, for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-09-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary M. Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul T. Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business Andr J. Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods
Analysts: Jeff Kanter - UBS OConnor Robert Cummins - Shields & Company Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS from continuing operations was $0.20 as reported and $0.29 on a comparable basis. Last year's comparable amount was $0.34. As we communicated before, we plan for a year-over-year decline this quarter, principally due to the timing of pricing and inflation. Our full year guidance remains intact. We expect low- to mid-single-digit growth in EPS for fiscal 2012 and operating cash flows to exceed $1.2 billion. While we planned for a year-over-year EPS decline, our first quarter was slightly lower than we originally expected due to weak market dynamics in the Commercial segment. I'll start with some segment highlights. Our Consumer Foods segment grew net sales by 4% with flat volume. That means 4% price mix contribution which grew as the quarter progressed. As we said we would we took pricing during the quarter, but the environment continues to be very challenging. That means our 4% price mix increase plus our robust cost savings were not enough to overcome 11% COGS inflation. As you'd expect, it's typical for a lag to occur between price increases and inflation in our industry. Of course, that hurts margins in the short term. During Q1, we announced net price increases for a number of our brands. We now have increased net prices either through trade or list price increases on most of our portfolio. We feel good about that progress, but we need to do more. Overall, our volumes have held in line with our range of expectations at this point in the process and we're taking further price actions as increases to our input costs warrant. Clearly, this is our focus. In fact, because pricing is so important to our long-term growth, we've built a new function around it. We call this revenue growth management. This team will bring more rigor and timeliness to our pricing models. I'm pleased to say this team is in place and already making a difference. How? By enabling the application of a consistent pricing methodology and providing more robust analytics. For example, a better understanding of how price change will impact our customers' business as well as our own. We're approaching this with heightened rigor and precision and will drive pricing actions that makes sense for all stakeholders. I want to make it clear that even after we implement responsible and necessary price increases, our portfolio still represents outstanding value. In the U.S., spending for food and home as a percent of household income is at an all-time low since tracking began at 6%. We understand the current difficult conditions facing everyday consumers, our consumers, and those conditions impose practical limits on what we can and should do through pricing. We get that. The main point is that even after responsible pricing our products, including hundreds of meal SKUs for less than $3, are still a really strong value for consumers. So that's pricing; one important lever for top line growth. Innovation is another very critical growth driver for us. We are growing through innovation and we continue to benefit from the innovation pipeline we've created over the last several years. Orville Redenbacher's Pop Up Bowl is a great example of an innovation that's resonating with consumers. During the quarter, the brand made good progress with sales, volume and share gains. Our new Pop Up Bowl is bringing energy to the category and we're pleased to see that. You might have seen our advertising featuring magician Criss Angel. This marketing is a terrific showcase of a true breakthrough in microwave popcorn. Next up for Orville Redenbacher's is a campaign that helps consumers better understand the true benefits of popcorn as a snack. We want consumers to know more about popcorn's inherent nutrition, so this marketing is fun and people might learn a thing or 2 about popcorn. I'm betting you'll notice and like these ads when you see them later this fall. I'm looking forward to marketing helping us continue our positive momentum on Orville Redenbacher's. We're using innovation to grow in categories that are relatively new for us, too. During Q1, we introduced a new line of frozen single-serve microwavable fruit pies on the Marie Callender's label. Expanding our core business into adjacent categories that are growing helps us efficiently leverage our core infrastructure and drive more growth for key brands. The initial response has been very good. This innovation contributed to the strong performance of the Marie Callender's overall. Marie Callender's continued its winning streak making gains in revenue, volume and share. There's a few reasons for those gains. The new Marie Callender's Bakes are doing well in the multi-serve category. We had strong base performance across Marie Callender's dinners, pot pies and fresh-flavored steamers. And in fact, Marie Callender's single-serve meals accounted for the fastest growing brand in the overall frozen single-serve meal category during our first quarter, up 12% in dollar sales according to syndicated data. It's a great brand equity. Beyond Orville Redenbacher's and Marie Callender's, we had other bands posting good growth this quarter. Healthy Choice is one of those brands. We saw excellent revenue, volume and share growth for Healthy Choice frozen meals. We launched new advertising this month with a TV campaign that features, among others, Jane Lynch of Glee fame. But most importantly, these ads make food the star because they showcase the brand's premium ingredients. When consumers are trying to make wise decisions about their dollars and their nutrition, the food has to be truly top notch. We believe Healthy Choice is, and we think our new ads make that clear. Overall, we're pleased with the top line improvement in our brands portfolio. We're expecting more growth in both top and bottom line as the year progresses. For Q1, while Consumer Food sales were up 4%, comparable operating profit declined 1%. We had expected big cost inflation in our first quarter, and it was even higher than forecast at 11%. So despite increased price mix and very good cost savings, we did not grow profits. The 11% inflation offset those gains. John will say more about the specific inputs that created the biggest challenges. We're pleased with our ongoing productivity savings. Those came in at about $70 million for the quarter. We've consistently reduced costs within our supply chain, and we're continually looking for efficiencies end to end throughout the business. That helps us fight inflation, deliver our earnings commitments and invest to drive growth. I'm pleased to say that we're on track to achieve our goal of $275 million in savings this year. That's on top of the $1.4 billion in savings generated over the previous 5 years, savings that we use to fuel growth. Beyond cost savings, innovation and pricing, we know that there's significant upside in becoming an even better strategic partner for our customers. One way to do that is by engaging in more productive joint business planning. We're putting significant resources toward advance planning, wrapping it with our pricing and revenue management work into a holistic approach called Customer Connect. I'm looking forward to sharing more with you on Customer Connect as it develops more traction. Moving on to the Commercial Foods segment. Sales were up, but profits declined. That profit decline was driven by short-term weak market dynamics, which resulted in a decline in wheat inventory values during the quarter. The inventory valuation changes are the sole reason for the year-over-year operating profit decline. We have very strong milling operations, so none of this valuation adjustment reflects anything about the fundamentals over the full year time frame. Within Lamb Weston, which began its recovery last quarter, we continue to make progress. We saw good growth in unit volumes and dollar sales. We were also pleased to see growth in operating profit. We're excited about the prospects for Lamb Weston's performance this year, a big and important business for ConAgra Foods. In both Lamb Weston and ConAgra Mills, we're also seeing a more favorable product mix with increased emphasis on higher growth, higher margin products. These products include our whole grain portfolio and our sweet potatoes, both of which are performing well. Gaining traction in areas that are on trend and where we are a leader gives us confidence in this segment's ongoing success this year and beyond. Looking forward to the rest of the fiscal year, we expect our planned pricing increases, which are underway in both the Commercial and Consumer segments, to make a meaningful difference to results. In fact, we expect both segments to show stronger year-over-year operating profit growth in the second half of fiscal 2012. I want to mention that we learned a few weeks ago that ConAgra Foods has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the first time. Our organization is very proud of this achievement. DJSI is one of the world's most recognizable sustainable indices. It's based on a rigorous analysis of corporate, economic, environmental and social performance. It tracks the performance of the top 20% of the 600 biggest North American companies in the Dow Jones Global Total Stock Market Index that lead the field in terms of sustainability. We achieved the food industry's leading scores in 4 areas: Corporate governance, environmental policy and management systems, human capital development and labor practice indicators. We're very pleased with the recognition of our work to be a leading corporate citizen. In conclusion, I trust all of you have seen the news on Ralcorp Holdings. Despite our strong offer, we were unable to make any progress in engaging them, so we withdrew our proposal. While that did not turn out the way we had hoped, I want to be very clear that we will pursue other avenues for growth. That's our strategy. We have a pipeline of alternatives that we've been assessing. Of course, any type of growth initiative along these lines takes some time, given the complicated nature of exploring and initiating significant strategic moves. But I assure you, we're very committed to the pursuit. As you saw with the Ralcorp experience, we are ready and willing to leverage our capabilities and balance sheet for the right growth opportunities. This is a core strategic element of creating long-term value for ConAgra Foods. We remain committed to growth organically and through smart acquisitions, and we're working diligently on both. Thanks for taking part in today's call. And now, I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to cover 4 topics this morning. I'll begin with our first quarter performance. Next, I'll address comparability matters, then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I'll share some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2012. Starting with our first quarter performance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.1 billion, up 10%, driven by pricing in our Consumer Foods segment and in our Lamb Weston business as well as the impact of higher wheat prices in our flour milling operations. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.20 versus $0.32 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.29 versus $0.34 in the prior-year quarter. While Gary has addressed our segment results in some detail, I would like to touch on a few highlights. First, in Consumer Foods, net sales were $1.9 billion, up 4% driven by pricing improvements. While our pricing is still lagging some very high inflation rates, we are seeing acceleration of our price realization over the past few quarters, which is encouraging. Inflation, unfortunately, has continued to accelerate even faster than our expectations. For the quarter, we experienced inflation for our Consumer Foods business of approximately 11%. And while cost increases were pervasive across the portfolio, proteins, packaging and fats and oils were the biggest contributors. Our consumer food supply chain cost reduction programs continue to yield good results and delivered cost savings of approximately $70 million in the quarter. We expect these programs to deliver approximately $275 million of cost savings for the full fiscal year, consistent with our previous estimate. On marketing, consumer foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $76 million, down $11 million from the prior year. The decrease principally reflects timing differences versus the prior year. For the full year, we expect the A&P to be slightly above the prior year. For this quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on consumer foods net sales and operating profit. Overall operating profit on a comparable basis for the Consumer Foods segment decreased approximately 1% from the year-ago period. In our Commercial Foods segment, net sales were up -- net sales were $1.2 billion or up 19%. While the increase was driven largely by the impact of higher wheat prices in our flour milling operations, Lamb Weston's net sales were up 8% due to pricing and mix improvements, as well as stronger volumes. We're excited about the turnaround underway at Lamb Weston. Overall, segment operating income on a comparable basis was down 10%. The decline was due to lower gross profits in our Flour Milling business, driven by weak market dynamics. Let me explain. Every year during the first quarter, we convert from the old wheat crop to the new crop. When we do so, there is typically some difference in market value which results in some inventory mark-to-market adjustment, which is typically small. This year, however, the change in value and therefore the inventory adjustment was negative and much larger than usual. This is a short-term issue and it's behind us now. For the total company, selling, general and administrative expense was up slightly on a comparable basis. Corporate expenses for the quarter were $81 million on a comparable basis versus $74 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase relates principally to higher pension costs, which we had planned for. The tax rate for the quarter was 34%. This is in line with our estimated full fiscal year rate of 34%, but above the rate for the year-ago quarter of approximately 32%. Now I'll move onto my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.09 per diluted share of expense in this year's -- and I'm sorry, in this quarter's EPS and is related to 2 items. First, hedging. For the first quarter, the net hedging loss included in corporate expense was $34 million or $0.05 per share. We also recorded $24 million or $0.04 per share of restructuring and other one-time charges related to our cost reduction and organizational efficiency initiatives. These charges relate to both our previously announced network optimization programs and organizational realignments, principally in our Consumer Foods segment, designed to improve organizational effectiveness and reduce costs. Next I'll cover cash flow, capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First, we closed the quarter in a very strong cash position with over $1 billion of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to emphasize cash flow within our business and for fiscal year 2012, we expect to deliver strong operating cash flows in excess of $1.2 billion. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives and for the full year, we expect that working capital improvements in our base business will contribute to cash flow from continuing operations. On capital expenditures. For the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $96 million versus $129 million in the prior-year period. And for the full year, we expect CapEx to be approximately $475 million. Net interest expense was $53 million in the first quarter versus $37 million in the prior year. I would note that the prior-year quarter included approximately $18 million of interest income from the notes receivable related to the sale of our trading and merchandising operations. These notes were repaid in December of last year. Dividends for the quarter increased to $94 million from $88 million in the prior year. I'd also like to update you on 2 debt matters. First, we repaid approximately $340 million of debt maturities subsequent to the end of the first quarter. Also subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we refinanced our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, which was set to mature in December. The new $1.5 billion facility has a term of 5 years and provides us with a great source of liquidity to support our business plans. On capital allocation, I have a few comments today. First, we remain committed to a top-tier dividend payout. Second, we remain focused on organic growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansions, as well as investments necessary to support our strong cost-savings initiatives. And as you have heard us say consistently over the past several quarters, we continue to pursue growth through acquisitions. While the timing of acquisitions depends on a number of factors, not all of which we control, we will continue to pursue opportunities where there's a strategic fit and a good financial return. As we have demonstrated, we are ready and willing to leverage our capabilities and our balance sheet to create value by investing for growth, and we will do so with discipline. On share repurchases, while we did not repurchase any shares during the first quarter, we currently have about $125 million of remaining share repurchase authorization. We do recognize that at times, share repurchase programs are an attractive option for our shareholders. However, as I have previously noted, given our focus on growth, it is not our practice to add leverage or change our capital structure to fund buybacks. Before I close, I'd like to comment on our fiscal 2012 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we continue to expect fiscal 2012 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low- to mid-single-digits from our 2011 base of $1.75 per share. Our 2012 full year earnings estimate reflects net sales growth at a rate in the mid-single-digits, cost savings in our Consumer business of approximately $275 million and inflation in our Consumer Foods business in the range of 9% to 10%. This inflation estimate has been revised upward from 7% to 8%, reflecting the acceleration we experienced over the past several months. While we are confident about our full year guidance, given the higher inflation and some planned marketing investments, we do expect our second quarter earnings per share, excluding comparability items, to be lower than the prior year. Also, as I have previously noted, we expect comparable earnings per share growth to be skewed towards the back half of the fiscal year. This timing is driven by several factors. First, our flour milling profits declined in the first quarter due to the impact of the weak market dynamics I discussed previously. While this had a short-term negative impact on the first quarter results, it is not indicative of any change in the fundamental strength of this business. We have a great team that understands these markets very well and has a solid track record of managing commodity risk inherent in our milling operations. We are confident in our team's ability to deliver stronger results through the balance of the fiscal year. Second, in our Consumer Foods segment, we expect very high inflation during the first half, but we also expect that this inflation will moderate somewhat in the back half as we begin to lap very high inflation rates we experienced in the back half of last year. And while it will take some time to overcome the inflation and pricing lag in this business, the cumulative impact of our pricing actions will be more significant in the second half. And third, while Lamb Weston's performance in the first quarter improved, we expect that their earnings growth will accelerate over the balance of the fiscal year as both pricing actions and improvements in manufacturing costs will disproportionately benefit margins in the second half. As we look at the full year by segment, we expect the earnings for the full year in our Consumer Foods segment to be modestly higher, with back half earnings growth offsetting first half weakness. And in our Commercial Foods segment, we expect strong full year earnings growth, principally driven by significant year-over-year improvement in our Lamb Weston business and continued good execution in our Mills business. At the corporate level, we are planning for higher costs driven by higher incentive and pension costs. Overall, the environment remains challenging, but we will continue to focus on our pricing and our cost-savings initiatives as well as our other capabilities to position the business for long-term success. That concludes our formal remarks. Thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator for our Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: Gary, you made some comments around the use of cash in your prepared remarks. I'm just wanting to push a little bit more, if I could. When you made the bid for Ralcorp, I think it's fair to say -- many investors view that as somewhat of a game changer for ConAgra in terms of how the company thought about how aggressive it would be going forward in using its balance sheet and cash flow for shareholders. And this has become even more evident in looking at the share price upon realization that the Ralcorp offer was going to be withdrawn. So I guess my question is, how aggressive can we expect ConAgra to be in using its balance sheet going forward? Is there a sense of urgency around a plan B? And why not use the cash in multiple ways in terms of buybacks which would still give you ample firepower to make acquisitions? It wouldn't seem that using some cash on hand for buybacks would really necessitate a need for, I guess, a change in the capital structure. And then how far down the road of this pipeline of potential targets is ConAgra at this stage?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew, I think that's a fair question. Let me start, and then I'll turn it to John. You've certainly heard us consistently say that we're going to pursue growth both organically and through acquisitions. I want to tell you that our management and our Board of Directors are totally aligned on this. We are very confident that we can leverage our capabilities and our strong balance sheet to create value. We are totally committed to long-term sustainable growth, and that's both organically and through acquisitions. So that is a very, very clear strategy. John?
John F. Gehring: Yes, I guess what I'd emphasize is that we do seek to have a balanced capital allocation program. Clearly, I think as we've made very clear, our priority is growth. And I think while we're disappointed the Ralcorp situation didn't work out the way we wanted to, I think it is indicative of our willingness to leverage our balance sheet to create value. Insofar as growth is the priority, that will be the first place we want to look to from a capital allocation standpoint. Clearly, we understand that share repurchases are a part of that mix and we will continue to look at the level of share repurchases over time. Our Board does look at that from time to time but again, I want to emphasize that our practice has been to push some of that cash from our operations back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. But at this point, again as I said, we are really not going to add significant leverage or do significant change to our capital structure because we really want to keep that capital structure primarily focused on growth.
Gary M. Rodkin: And Andrew, I just might add that we have a very robust and disciplined process to look at acquisitions. That is something very high on our radar screen that we have been working on, so we certainly do have a number of different initiatives that we are looking at. These things obviously take time, but I want to assure you that, that process is very much in place.
Operator: We'll move now to UBS' David Palmer.
Mineo Sakan: This is actually Mineo filling in for Dave. I might have missed this in your prepared remarks, but it looks like corporate expense is at $81 million or a bit higher than last year and I was hoping that you could just walk me through that difference.
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. Most of that difference is just driven by the increased pension costs in the year due to the higher discount rate that we experienced at the beginning of the year.
Operator: And we'll move now to David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll: So just 2 questions. One, just about the guidance and then the second question on a little bit more about the M&A strategy going forward. On the guidance, Gary, are you -- would it be fair to say given that the first quarter, I think in your own words, came in a little bit below your expectations? Second quarter, it looks like you're guiding down slightly relative to where Street consensus is. Is it fair to say that we all should be leaning more towards the low end of the guidance range rather than the high end just given performance so far?
Gary M. Rodkin: Clearly, David, we're not in a position to give exact guidance. We stick with what we've said before in terms of low- to mid-single digits EPS growth. And we have planned all along for it to be in the back half for several reasons, the biggest being the pricing which will be in effect for the full year versus the inflation which we will be overlapping more in the second half. So that delta is a big, big piece of that. And then in terms of expectation for Q1, it's all about the wheat issue. And as we've said that's a very isolated issue, it's not a structural issue, just first quarter doesn't impact the full year, so we expect to see both the Consumer side and the Commercial side lean toward the back half, strong business from mills, good turnaround happening at Lamb Weston and the pricing taking effect and catching up more to the cost of goods in the back half for Consumer.
David Driscoll: On the M&A side, the Sara Lee private label dough operation was of course sold to Ralcorp during the period where you're trying to acquire them. You made a lot of comments about private label. I suppose -- I'm curious, did you look at that operation? Were you able to bid on that operation or because of your pursuit of Ralcorp, did that otherwise preclude you guys from going after that business? And then just a step back, maybe the bigger picture question is, are you really solely focused or heavily, heavily focused on private label as the source of M&A or does center store or frozen -- I'm just confused on how these other pieces kind of fit into your thinking.
Gary M. Rodkin: Certainly, David. We can't comment on any hypotheticals in terms of M&A activity. What I would tell you is that we are still focused on private label as one of 3 planks. Our strategy for growth is focused against private label, it's focused on core adjacencies and it's focused on significantly increasing our international presence. So we're looking at all 3 of those pillars. That's really what we've got as a very explicit strategy for growth.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane: Just 2 questions. One, a follow up on the question you got earlier about corporate expense. Is that run rate pretty good for the year? Are we looking at sort of a low 300s to mid-300s type of corporate expense for the full year?
John F. Gehring: Yes, Bryan, this is John. I think it's a pretty good proxy for the run rate for the year. I mean it moves up and down, but it's typically mid-to high 300s [indiscernible].
Bryan D. Spillane: And then Gary, I guess getting back to the strategic direction from here, I think it's -- you've provided yourself a lot of flexibility, right? By having the balance sheet in the shape that it's in and having, I think, a pretty realistic set of expectations in terms of what the market growth in your portfolio can achieve. I guess one of the things that was good about the -- or one of the positive aspects of your bid for Ralcorp was that it made so much sense. As you go through looking at your other 3 planks of potential acquisition candidates and you start thinking about risk reward and I guess how much you're willing to use your balance sheet, just how are you going to sort of gauge how much risk you're willing to take relative to the potential upside and I guess looking at that relative to using more cash to repurchase shares? I think that's probably one thing that investors are looking at this morning is the Ralcorp deal made a lot of sense on paper and strategically. With that off the table, is there anything else that seems that big, that transformative and that relative to the stock given where the share price is today?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Bryan, clearly we can't comment on anything hypothetical from an M&A standpoint. But what I can tell you is that we have a very disciplined process. It's a robust process. We use the lenses of strategic fit, how accretive it is and we are very committed to being disciplined. That's what we've aligned with our Board on, that's the process that we are going through. So we're committed to saying there this is clearly a strategic plank and we are very, very satisfied with the state of our balance sheet and we are very willing to use that balance sheet for those type of opportunities.
Operator: And Robert Cummins with Wellington Shields has our next question.
Robert Cummins - Shields & Company: First of all, if I were a Ralcorp shareholder, I would be pretty teed off with the management of that company, but that's a sideline. I wanted to ask in general, and you're obviously interested in doing further acquisitions, would you consider doing a hostile takeover bid for some company that declined to negotiate with you but where you really thought that it was a perfect fit for your operations?
Gary M. Rodkin: Bob, we never, again, would speculate. It all depends on the particular situation. So we never take any option off the table. It just has to make sense for us.
Operator: And we'll hear now from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I'd like to switch gears quickly and talk a little bit about fundamentals. Two questions, one on Consumer Foods and one on Commercial Foods. Volume was surprisingly resilient this quarter in the face of accelerating price growth. And surprising in that, it did fairly dramatically outpace what we see in Nielsen, which I know was never a perfect read, your business has actually been tracking a little bit under Nielsen over the last 3 quarters. Has there been any shift in terms of inventory levels at retail ahead of these price increases that may have accounted for that? Or is it just robust growth in some of the unmeasured channels?
Andr J. Hawaux: Jason, this is Andr. I think we see good growth in both measured and non-measured channels and we did not see any sort of inventory builds within the quarter or the last several quarters. If anything, as we've talked about for probably the last 4 to 5 quarters, we see people working across the supply chains on reducing working capital across the businesses, so we've not seen any inventory buildup. I think our brands held up quite well in spite of a good pricing that we got in the marketplace.
Jason English: Switching gears to Commercial Foods, the price growth was robust in the quarter, but it did fall short of what I was expecting. Just looking at the wheat cost curve, your price growth in that segment historically has tracked very well with the lag wheat price cost curve, and it did fall short this quarter and it obviously coincided with the profit shortfall in the division as well. Are there challenges pushing through some of the wheat inflation right now?
Paul T. Maass: Yes, this is Paul. I would probably describe that more than likely -- I would say probably timing. So kind of just the contracting nature of the business. So if you're looking at -- I don't know exactly what you're looking at as far as how it's tracking, but the timing on when things are done could be a component on why that doesn't match up exactly. If you look at the overall driver, our volumes were relatively steady for the first quarter. So the big change in revenue is primarily driven by the change in wheat values.
Jason English: But you do think that's going to catch up in the out quarters?
Paul T. Maass: Yes, I think it will be less of an impact, a little bit like Gary was talking about inflation. So as you get to the back half of the year, the comps will be quite a bit different than what we had here in the first quarter.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris, I'm going to build on something Paul had mentioned, Jason, realize that revenue is always not just from one source. It reflects the relative mix of what it's coming through both from our Lamb Weston business, our other seasonings business and then of course the flour milling. And that's something to take into consideration when you're making a prediction.
Operator: We'll hear now from Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Serotta: I'm wondering whether you could go into the -- or describe a little bit the financial metrics that you look at in terms of potential acquisitions in a little bit more detail. You mentioned EPS accretion, what are some of the other metrics and would something have to be immediately accretive? Are you looking at returns on capital? If you could describe that in some detail, that would be helpful.
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. I think, I'd say 3 areas we'd probably look at, one would be -- we look at what we believe the growth would be in the underlying categories because that's ultimately one of our goals is to increase the growth in our portfolio, so we tend to look at the categories quite a bit. Accretion is important and return on investment are important. We do tend to take a little bit longer view of that. We are not necessarily going to make decisions based on what's accretive in the first year of the deal. We're looking for long-term strength, both in terms of accretion and return on investments. The other thing -- I guess, the other thing as it relates to the kind of the growth in the categories, the other thing we look at is the capabilities we have that we can leverage against that portfolio, whether that be cost savings or innovation. And those -- how we can operate those businesses in the categories also have a big impact on how we evaluate deals. Sometimes how those benefits come to fruition can vary over time based upon the nature of what we're buying.
Eric Serotta: And it's no secret that there is a good number of food companies out there that are breaking up or spinning off, breaking up into either higher and lower growth pieces. Wondering whether that's a consideration at all in terms of you guys improving your overall portfolio mix, spinning off some pieces of the business or divesting.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, at this point, I think as we've said, we're not going to speculate on kind of anything hypothetical that we might or might not do with our portfolio. I would say by and large, we're looking to add to our portfolio and to grow. And obviously there's a lot going on in the landscape out there. And as Gary mentioned, we continue to assess a number of opportunities and we will continue to do so as we really focus on growth.
Operator: We'll move now to Deutsche Bank's Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman: Just I guess one quick one, was there any deal costs that we could view as one time within the corporate expense line?
John F. Gehring: This is John. There were some costs, but they were not significant enough where we go to the work of breaking those out as comparability items. But from time to time, we will have some of those costs come through.
Eric R. Katzman: And then I guess when you -- just a broader question on M&A, Gary, when you think of strategy, is international a -- it's not historically been something associated with the company, but it's -- obviously, there's growth there. Is that something that you think the organization is capable of? And then I have one follow-up.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, clearly that's on our radar screen. What we've talked about is leveraging the places where we already have pretty good infrastructure, places like in Mexico and India and Canada and building both within those countries and from an adjacency standpoint. And then on the commercial side, Lamb Weston clearly has a global footprint and we'll continue to look to grow that. So yes, it is on the radar screen and yes, we do believe we have capabilities not to go out and plant a lot of flags everywhere but to build out adjacently from where we are.
Eric R. Katzman: And then just on -- I think this was Dave Driscoll's question, but just -- I guess I feel like I'm missing something in that inflation is worse than you thought, which is again pretty typical of what's going on in the industry. By your own numbers, you were trailing in the first quarter by, I guess it was the wheat profit, it doesn't sound like that's going to come back. The cost savings goals are the same. So what is giving you confidence that the earnings for the full year are still intact when inflation is materially higher than you thought?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric. Clearly, we're committed to course correcting and improving our lag time between the cost of goods and pricing. So there's clearly more pricing in our future than what we had in the plan when the year started.
Operator: And we have a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe: I just had 2 questions for you, and I hope this is the last question on acquisitions. My question would be, if you look at your long-term growth algorithm, are acquisitions sort of accretive to that growth or is there some embedded benefit in your long-term EPS growth other than from acquisitions?
Chris Klinefelter: Hey, Chris, this is Chris Klinefelter. Sure. When we put our long-term plans together, we obviously think of a benefit from capital allocation overall. In some situations, that might be a business we buy; in other situations, a share repurchase. So do we have some benefit from things like that? Absolutely, but not one dedicated just to by buying businesses by themselves.
Christopher Growe: My other question is just in relation to Consumer Foods, and I guess the question, Gary or Andr, do you expect volume growth in that division for the year? I guess I'm looking at a pretty weak consumer environment, but it sounds like you've got a good monitor productivity, some marketing coming up here that's going to tick up a little bit. Do you expect volumes to grow in that division for the year?
Andr J. Hawaux: What we said -- Chris, this is Andr. What we said at the end of the year last year in the fourth quarter as we looked at inflation and what our pricing algorithm needed to be, that the lion's share of our net sales growth was actually going to come from a combination of pricing and mix. We're obviously very pleased with our first quarter performance on volume, it being flat. But as Gary mentioned, as we take more pricing, I think that the elasticity is something we're watching very closely. We do believe we'll get back some minimal amount of volume. We don't believe that will be very large. That's currently one of the things that we're working through right now. But the way we built most of the balance of the year is expecting net sales outperformance largely driven by pricing and mix.
Gary M. Rodkin: Chris, I just might want to add that it's important. We're not shipping our spending mix to more price promotion to chase volume. As Andr said, there may be some modest volume trade off, and that's something we are willing to do.
Christopher Growe: And when you say marketing increases, you're referring more to advertising consumer LED marketing when you say marketing should be up through the remainder of the year. Correct?
Andr J. Hawaux: That's absolutely correct, Chris. We see ourselves -- as Gary mentioned, some of the new campaigns that we've got out there launched and so we're investing behind our brands in A&P.
Operator: We have a question now from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin: In your comments, you all talked about pursuing additional pricing. And I was just wondering if you could comment on how it's going. Is there any pushback? Is it harder this round versus the last round kind of the environment for raising prices again?
Andr J. Hawaux: Ann, this is Andr. I can speak to the consumer side. The environment is difficult as we've talked about in the past. We continue, based on some of the new capabilities we're building that Gary articulated earlier, through our revenue growth management team working with our customer teams and then with our customers to go ahead and continue to pursue that. It's as the commodities warranted and we've had -- as Q1 indicated, we got 4% pricing, which is very robust in this environment, our volumes held. We feel pretty good about that.
Ann H. Gurkin: And then do you care to comment at all on inflation expectations for fiscal '13?
John F. Gehring: No, this is John. At this point, I'm not willing to bet that much on my crystal ball. So we're going to have to -- let's see how things play out over some crop cycles here.
Ann H. Gurkin: And then finally, as you look to the second half -- we've talked about this a little bit but what is the risk to that step-up in earnings? What will be the biggest challenge for you to not meet that improved performance in the second half versus first half?
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would say, Ann, that we've got to make the right call on our cost of goods inflation. We think we've got the best call, but that would be the biggest risk.
Operator: We'll move now to Credit Suisse's Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow: Just a couple of questions for Andr. I remember you guys said that you had priced on 80% of the portfolio at the end of fourth quarter. I assume you're at 100% now, but now there's another round going through. So what percent of the portfolio are you going to take pricing on in the current quarter? And then lastly, just kind of a Nielsen kind of question, I was looking at Nielsen results for Orville and Chef. Nielsen indicated that Chef was up in the quarter and Orville was down. Your shipments show kind of a reverse pattern. Have you seen the same thing in your tracking data? Or is your tracking data showing you something different?
Andr J. Hawaux: So let me start, Rob, with the answer to your question, that last part of your question, which is what we saw from a shipment data standpoint, so let's separate the 2, shipment data being what draws our P&L. We saw positive increases as we continue to see the turnaround of Orville start to happen. So we had positive shipments in the quarter for Orville and the reverse was true for Chef. As we look at consumption data, we also saw consumption data. We use IRI for the 13 weeks ended -- the end of the quarter. We saw both share gains with respect to Orville and our base velocities increase with respect to Orville as a result of the Pop Up Bowl and some of the marketing that Gary articulated. With respect to Chef, the category was up slightly. We were down a little bit relative to consumption in IRI and we lost a little bit of share with respect to Chef. Again, the Chef phenomenon continues to be what we said before was our heavy users are still buying the product, but they have significantly pantry deloaded from the typical amount of cans that they buy during our events. So that's what's happening there. With respect to your first part of your question, we have touched about our entire portfolio once, if you will, relative to pricing or taking a look at each of the categories in which we compete in. Some we have opted not to take pricing but we're still -- we're north of that 85%. I don't have an exact percentage to quote to you today relative to what is going on in our second round. We have a lot of categories that are already up for their second round of pricing in the area of oil, in the area of spreads and also things like peanut butter to give you just some examples. So we'll make sure we get back to you on what those exact percentages are, but we're in for already a second round.
Operator: We have a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the competitive environment in some of your larger categories? It looked as though things might be improving a little bit on the frozen entres side, but maybe if you could give a little bit more granularity on the competitive environment and how that's changing in places like oil as you take pricing off popcorn. Canned vegetables looked pretty difficult in the take away data.
Andr J. Hawaux: All right, Alexia, this is Andr. I'll start and I'll touch on as you know we operate in a lot of categories, so I'm going to try to touch on some of the ones that you mentioned. Frozen meals, we actually feel very good about our performance there on a bunch of metrics as Gary mentioned, both the new innovation we're bringing to market plus what we've actually done in frozen single-serve meals this quarter. We've taken pricing as has most of the competitive set, so I think the industry overall has behaved pretty well there. We have in fact gained share and we've done a lot of the things we said we'd do. So we're winning in single-serve. We've started to get into multi-serve frozen in a meaningful way with Marie Callender and we've also started to work really hard at getting to adjacencies, specifically desserts with our Dessert Pie business, both on large pies and small pies. So on single-serve meals we've actually done, I'd say we hit a trifecta in terms of the things we're doing. Cooking oil is another category you mentioned and what we've done there, our sales in our branded competitive set, is we've taken pretty significant amount of pricing as a result of our commodity increases. What we're seeing there is we're losing a little bit of share, and that's largely because private label has gotten much more aggressive and has gotten stronger. So they picked up a fair amount of the share there. And on popcorn, based on the innovation and some of the work we've done on Orville Redenbacher's, we're seeing our share grow there, our base velocities increase based on the Pop Up Bowl innovation, and we're doing fairly well. And we have 2 brands there. We have Orville, which is -- really seems to have started to turn the corner and then we also have Act II, which is probably struggling a little bit more relative to its positioning. So those will be 3 categories that I would mention in terms of how we're performing.
Operator: We'll move now to Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: Kind of a couple of quick questions is, I know -- let me clarify a few things. So there's obviously been a lot of talk today on M&A, it's been a lot of talk, really, since the end of the year on M&A for you, guys. And if I just look at companies like Hormel Foods or TreeHouse Foods or Flowers Foods, these are all companies that have fairly high equity multiple valuations. These are management teams that have really been aggressive in pursuing acquisition strategy and pursuing acquisition targets and actually really talking to investors about aggressively allocating capital. And I just -- I guess my first question, which I didn't really hear if anyone asked is one, why aren't you being more aggressive because the stock's down now 2% today. This is really the market saying to you that it's frustrated. There is no buyback activity. I guess that's one, is why aren't you being more aggressive? And then two is, I mean, do you think you received the right advise from your advisers because, I mean, it's -- normally, I would have expected a little bit more aggressive strategy with respect to just being in the market, a little bit buying back some stock always seems that out of other food companies this year, that's worked. And that also goes back to why -- if you could just clarify what you paid back the short-term debt subsequent to quarter end.
Gary M. Rodkin: Rob, this is Gary, I'll start. First of all, I would probably take a little bit of issue with your question in terms of how aggressive we are on the M&A front. Obviously we're not going to talk and speculate, but we do have a robust and disciplined process, as I've talked about. I think we demonstrated that with Ralcorp. And the proof will be on the pudding as we go down the road. As it pertains to share buyback, I'll let John speak specifically to that.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I guess I would just would start with some context and that is I think as we've tried to make clear here, we're trying to do the right things for the long term. And clearly, the recent events last couple of weeks create perhaps some impatience in various places, but we're going to do the right thing for the long term. On the share buyback, as I've said, we understand that's a component. I think you can probably also understand that given the events that were underway in the last quarter, it really just was not practical for us to be in the marketplace buying back shares when we had a significant deal that would've had a significant impact on our leverage in our balance sheet. It was just a case where we thought it was prudent to keep our hands in our pockets there around share buyback until we had some resolution there. In terms of paying back the debt that we just paid back, quite frankly, we've got a balanced view towards capital allocation. We had cash on hand and at this point, we just felt it was appropriate to repay that in cash. I think our actions over the past several months hopefully have indicated to people that we are not shying away from adding leverage where we have the opportunity to do it. But in the short term, we felt like the best thing to do was just go ahead and use some of that cash. I guess the other thing, just to confirm, we're very satisfied with the advice and counsel we've gotten on a number of fronts over the last couple of years.
Operator: And we have a question now from Bank of America's Todd Duvick.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation: Both Gary and John, you have mentioned that your willingness to leverage the balance sheet and certainly, you're starting from a position of strength currently with the cash you have on hand and paying down the debt. Can you talk a little bit about how much you would be willing to leverage it? I know throughout the Ralcorp situation, you'd indicated a number of times that you wanted to maintain an investment grade rating. Can you just talk about how much you would be willing to leverage of the balance sheet within that context?
Gary M. Rodkin: Todd, it may sound like I'm going to answer your question with your question, but I think you kind of hit on it which is I think it's the position of our Board and I think our management team that we do want to preserve an investment grade credit rating. But again to your point about starting from a position of strength, we think we have an awful lot of fuel in the tank that we can use to apply towards growth, so I don't see our commitment to an investment grade rating to be any kind of limitation of the kind -- versus the kinds of things we're looking at and are likely to be actionable in the near to midterm.
Operator: And we'll move now to Jeff Kanter with UBS O'Connor.
Jeff Kanter - UBS OConnor: I'm sorry, my questions have been answered.
Operator: We'll move on now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Gary M. Rodkin: We're having difficulty hearing you. And operator, I believe that's our last question. We're up on the hour here. So I'm going to mention that just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussion. And thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-06-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations John Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Andr Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan, and I'll be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about the strategic, operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS from continuing operations was $0.62 as reported and $0.47 on a comparable basis, up more than 24% over last year's comparable amount from continuing operations, putting us at $1.75 on a comparable basis for the year. The quarter's EPS was challenging given 9% inflation in our Consumer Foods segment.  In the quarter, we faced accelerated inflation and experienced the customary lag between inflation and necessary pricing. It's tough out there, but we are making progress in key areas of our business and we're confident in our ability to manage through. Net-net, Consumer Foods sales increased 1% as reported but declined a point after adjusting for the impact of acquisitions. Comparable operating profit was down 7%. In contrast, the Commercial Foods segment posted very good sales and operating profit growth.  A few details on each segments' quarterly performance. Consumer Foods sales growth was slightly positive as reported, including favorable price/mix of about 2%, about 2 points of benefit from acquisitions and a volume decline of about 3%. Organic sales were down about a point. We did have sequential improvement in price/mix. As you know, pricing increases have been and continue to be ongoing, given today's high inflationary environment. There are more net pricing actions to come. The volume decline reflects the difficult market conditions, specifically weary shoppers and some impact of elasticity in light of our price increases. Despite that, we did have some brands that performed well during the quarter. Marie Callender's continued its terrific success, making gains in revenue, volume and share. We also saw excellent revenue, volume and share growth for Hunt's canned tomatoes and Reddi-wip and Slim Jim also performed well during the quarter.  Overall though, our Consumer Foods performance was impacted by the fact that we incurred 9% inflation for the segment this quarter. John will say more about that later. 9% was the highest quarterly rate of inflation we incurred in fiscal '11. We were able to partially offset these higher input costs with productivity, which came in at about $65 million for the quarter. Of course, inflation and pricing are relevant to near-term performance, but I want to emphasize that we remain focused on the fundamentals, basic elements of our operations that are very meaningful for the long term and intended to grow share volume and net sales. We're confident in our long-term potential because of the stronger foundation we've built over the last few years in the core areas of the company, including innovation, marketing, supply chain and customer partnerships. And all of these things play important roles in our future plans. We're comfortable that the stronger operating platform that we've built over our multi-year transformation period puts us in a good position over the long term for organic growth, as well as confidence in our ability to add assets to our base through smart acquisitions. That means we expect over time to return to high-quality share volume and net sales performance in our core existing businesses and also to leverage our resources to expand into higher growth adjacent categories. We have recent successes to point to along those lines, such as our Frozen and Snacks innovation, as well as our acquisitions over the last few years.  For example, Alexia, which is about 2.5x the size it was when we bought it 4 years ago and the Marie Callender's Dessert business, which posted double-digit top line growth in its first year under our control, thanks to leveraging our sales and marketing infrastructure. We also acquired just this month the Marie Callender's trademark which had been a license, which gives us even more opportunity to expand and grow a very large and core brand within our portfolio. This kind of success comes from our stronger foundation, which we're taking to the next rigorous level with an initiative introduced in fiscal '11 called Customer Connect. Simply put, Customer Connect is a comprehensive integrated customer-focused approach that will drive profitable growth for us and just as importantly, provides profitable growth for our retail partners, all at the speed necessary to win in a changing marketplace.  There are 2 enabling steps. First, we're building a more cross-functional focused customer interface, one that is designed to strengthen our strategic partnerships and accelerate top line growth. And second, we'll deploy a well-studied best practices to take our pricing architecture and trade promotion effectiveness and efficiency to the next level. The Customer Connect initiative is another example of how we are continuing to improve and enhance foundational capabilities across the company. With our ongoing work to create stronger operations and accelerate growth in our core business, we're also focused on gaining more presence in private label and expanding internationally. These actions will help us deliver on our growth objectives over the next few years. These strategies are fundamental to our future, they are front and center for us. The competencies we've developed over the last few years give us confidence to add to the portfolio in meaningful ways in attractive categories, which is one reason for our proposal for Ralcorp last month. I'll say more about that last point before I finish my remarks this morning. While top line growth plays a key role in our future, cost savings and productivity improvements are also very important. In the recently completed fiscal year, we delivered slightly more than $280 million in savings from our consumer supply chain. Our supply chain programs are comprehensive end-to-end programs that make long-term strategic sense and they're one of the key reasons we're confident in our ability to generate this important fuel going forward to invest in growing our top and bottom line. Although the environment will continue to be challenging, we expect to deliver improved year-over-year Consumer Foods segment profitability in fiscal 2012. That expectation is based on pricing actions underway, ongoing productivity and a strong innovation pipeline we've built over the last few years.  Moving on to Commercial Foods. Sales were up 15% and comparable operating profit was up 14%. The foodservice environment is getting a bit better and Lamb Weston's volumes showed nice improvement, particularly in markets outside the U.S. We've also begun to take pricing in some channels at Lamb Weston to deal with increased input costs. And there is clearly more planned in F '12.  The cost supply for potatoes has been very tight. Higher input costs will continue for us. Potato crop quality is better than what we were processing a year ago and that makes it more production-friendly. At Lamb Weston, we're also seeing a more favorable product mix with increased emphasis on higher growth, higher-margin products, such as sweet potato fries, which are on trend and performing very well in both foodservice and retail channels.  Our flour milling business turned in another very strong quarter leveraging volatile market conditions. Prices are higher due to increased wheat costs, and we're navigating the markets well. This business has truly step-changed its performance the past several years.  As we look to fiscal 2012, we expect to grow comparable EPS at a low- to mid-single digit rate over the $1.75 we earned on a comparable basis in fiscal 2011. We see this as a realistic earnings view given the difficult macro conditions in the marketplace. We're taking into account gradually improving pricing, our recovery at Lamb Weston and the benefits of innovation coming to market in fiscal '12. Clearly, the marketplace will continue to be challenging. In our outlook, we're anticipating very high inflation year-over-year, particularly in our first half, as well as the customary lag between inflation and pricing. We expect to navigate this, this difficult environment and deliver growth in fiscal 2012. We're not standing still, we've initiated changes that will improve our performance as we work through this adjustment period. And as we indicate in today's release, our growth will be concentrated in the back half. It's also worth noting that in planning our EPS performance for fiscal '12, we've committed to discipline investing behind our key brands. We're investing in our brands for the long-term health of our equities, and we do not plan to boost our bottom line by reducing marketing support. We're also facing increased pension expense of about $25 million year-over-year or about $0.04 per share. That's just a fact of life given where rates are and what they do the pension obligation and expense formulas. John will say more about that. Let me briefly discuss our previously announced proposal to acquire Ralcorp, I appreciate your interest in the matter. As you know, on May 4, we made a proposal to acquire Ralcorp for $86 per share in cash. As we've said before, we continue to believe this company would be a good strategic and financial fit for ConAgra Foods. We believe private label has a strong future, one where we can leverage our core capabilities to generate good growth.  Based on the response we've received from both our shareholders and Ralcorp's shareholders, we believe that investors recognize the sound, strategic and financial logic of a combination of our 2 companies. Just to be clear, we will not have any further comments on this matter today. Thanks for taking part in today's call.  And now I'll turn it over to John.
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on 4 topics this morning. I'll begin with our fourth quarter performance highlights. Next, I'll address comparability matters. Then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook for fiscal 2012. Starting with the fourth quarter. Today, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.62 versus $0.27 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.47 or 24% above the prior year.  Let me touch on a few operating highlights for the quarter. First, in our Consumer Foods segment, net sales were $2.0 billion, up about 1%, reflecting 2 points of favorable price/mix and a benefit of about 2 points from acquisitions, net of divested businesses. These factors were partially offset by 3% base volume declines. Our Consumer Foods' operating profit on a comparable basis was $273 million, down 7% from the year-ago period. This softness was driven principally by inflation and pricing dynamics.  As you know, inflation has continued to accelerate. For the fourth quarter, we experienced inflation of about 9%. While costs were higher across nearly every category of our inputs, the larger dollar impacts were driven by protein, fats and oils, energy and packaging. While we are beginning to see the impact of our pricing actions, the fact is that our net realized price increases have lagged the accelerating inflation impacts. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction efforts continue to yield good results and, as Gary mentioned, we delivered cost savings of approximately $65 million in the quarter or about $280 million for the year. Based on our cost savings performance over the past several years and the significant pipeline of opportunities, we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver strong cost savings throughout fiscal 2012 and beyond. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was down approximately $6 million or 8%. And for the fourth quarter, foreign exchange impacts on Consumer Foods' net sales and operating profit were immaterial. Turning now to our Commercial Foods segment. Sales for the segment were up 15%, driven by the impact of higher wheat prices in our milling business, as well as volume growth and improved pricing mix at Lamb Weston. Commercial Foods' operating income was up approximately 14% as both Lamb Weston and ConAgra Mills posted significant increases over the prior year. Lamb Weston's improved top line performance was able to offset higher input costs, resulting from tight raw potato supplies and other commodity price increases.  As a reminder, we were lapping a prior year quarter that was impacted by a very poor crop. ConAgra Mills posted another strong quarter driven by good mix and commodity management, offset by lower volumes. Our ConAgra Mills business continues to have strong momentum and management is executing well. For the total company, our core selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter came in slightly better than our 0 overhead growth target. We continue to challenge our team to control costs and to achieve high ROI on incremental G&A investments.  Now I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, comparability items impacted and benefited the fourth quarter's earnings per share by $0.15 per diluted share, driven by several items. First, as we previously noted, during the quarter, we reached a settlement with our insurance carriers related to claims arising out of the Garner incident.  As a result, we received approximately $48 million of cash during the fourth quarter, bringing our total cash proceeds to approximately $168 million. We also recorded a pretax gain of approximately $105 million or $0.16 per share related to the settlement of these business interruption and property insurance claims. Next on hedging. In the fourth quarter, we had approximately $7 million of hedging gains in corporate expense or approximately $0.01 per diluted share, which we treat as a comparability item. And finally, we recorded approximately $11 million or $0.02 per share of restructuring charges. These charges relate to business relocation and consolidation initiatives undertaken in the prior year and network optimization program charges we announced earlier this year.  Now let me turn to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we closed the quarter with $972 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. On operating cash flow, we generated over $1.3 billion of cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2011, slightly above our target for the year. On working capital, we have executed well on our working capital initiatives. However, rising commodity costs particularly in our flour milling business have resulted in higher inventory and working capital balances.  For the full fiscal year, changes in working capital had a negative impact on operating cash flows of approximately $100 million as the benefit from improvement in our cash conversion cycle was more than offset by higher inventory costs. Overall, we are very pleased with our cash flow performance for the year. Next on capital expenditures. For the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $119 million versus $123 million in the prior year. And for the full year, CapEx was approximately $466 million. Net interest expense was $55 million in the fourth quarter versus $39 million in the prior year. Interest income from the PIK notes associated with the sale of our Trading & Merchandising operations in 2008 contributed $22 million in the year-ago period.  Dividends for the quarter were approximately $98 million versus $89 million in the prior year. And also, during the fourth quarter, we acquired approximately 6 million shares of our common stock for about $138 million. We have approximately $125 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. Given our strong liquidity and cash position, I would like to remind you of our capital allocation priorities, which are unchanged. First, we remain committed to a top-tier dividend payout. We know that a healthy dividend is important to many of our investors. Also, we remain focused on organic growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansions, as well as investments necessary to support our strong cost savings initiatives. We also continue to pursue growth through acquisitions given our operating capabilities, as well as the balance sheet strength, we have built over the past several years. We're very confident in our ability to add to the portfolio where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return. And finally, while growth is a priority, we also recognize that at times, share repurchase programs are an attractive option for our shareholders. Now I'd like to comment on our fiscal 2012 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2012 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low- to mid-single digits from our fiscal 2011 base of $1.75 per share. While we expect fiscal 2012 earnings growth to be below our long-term algorithm, we do believe this is a realistic assessment of how our business will perform, given the near-term challenges of high inflation and other economic factors and the need to make the right investments for the long-term health of the business. This fiscal 2012 earnings estimate reflects net sales growth at a rate in the mid-single digits, including some benefit from the impact of higher wheat prices in our milling business. Sales growth for the Consumer Foods segment specifically is planned to be in the range of 3%, driven largely by improved net pricing. This estimate also reflects modest gross margin improvement in our Consumer Foods segment driven by pricing and mix improvements and strong cost savings, partially offset by the impact of higher input costs. For fiscal 2012, we are targeting $275 million of cost savings in our Consumer business. And we are planning for a modest increase in our advertising and promotion costs and a more effective mix of that spend as we optimize the impact of these dollars across an evolving media landscape. The outlook also reflects approximately $25 million or about $0.04 per diluted share of unfavorability due to higher pension costs. While we are very comfortable with our pension funding levels, the significant drop in interest rates and therefore, our pension discount rate through the end of our fiscal 2011 has significantly increased the amount of pension expense we will recognize in fiscal 2012.  Also, consistent with our pay-for-performance approach, total SG&A will also reflect higher incentive costs, given the expected margin in comparable earnings per share improvement we see in fiscal 2012. And finally, the effective tax rate for 2012 is expected to be in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat from quarter-to-quarter. With respect to the performance of our operating segments, for fiscal 2012, we do expect improved operating profit in our Consumer Foods segment, driven principally by pricing and mix improvements and supply chain cost reductions. In our Commercial Foods segment, we believe operating profit will show strong growth. In Lamb Weston, we expect improved profits driven principally by better pricing, mix and operational efficiencies, partially offset by higher input costs. And we have planned for modest profit growth in our ConAgra Mills business, which has performed extremely well over the past several years.  Overall, we are committed to our long-term algorithm of 6% to 8% comparable earnings per share growth, and we are optimistic about our long term -- long-term strength of our businesses. While we are confident about our full year guidance, I would note that we expect EPS growth to be skewed toward the back half of the fiscal year. And we have planned first quarter earnings to be lower than the prior year. This timing is driven principally by 2 factors. First, in our Consumer Foods segment, inflation for the first quarter will be even higher than this past quarter, and it will take some time to overcome the inflation pricing lag in this business. Second, we also have some near-term raw cost issues and a pricing lag at Lamb Weston, given the timing and the nature of the annual contracting process, which occurs in the early fall. As a result, we expect lower margins in the first few months of fiscal 2012 until costs and prices can be realized. Turning to cash flow. We expect continued strength in our operating cash flows in fiscal 2012. We expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, with working capital improvements contributing in the range of $100 million. Further, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $475 million. We have approximately $360 million of debt maturities in fiscal 2012, which, at this point, we expect to repay with cash on hand.  One other item. We recently announced the purchase of the Marie Callender's brand trademark for approximately $58 million. In addition to securing control of this asset, we will also realize a modest reduction in our annual royalty expense.  That concludes our formal remarks. I would like to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, will be happy to take your questions.  I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: You said that there was a pricing versus inflation mismatch lately and that should continue, I suppose, for the next 1 to 2 quarters. It sounds like you're calling for a back-weighted year. I guess the first question is, why has there been a lag impact, a mismatch there? It seems that some companies in the packaged food space have successfully priced ahead of inflation or at least it looks like they have so far, and while others are experiencing a pinch, perhaps you could sort of diagnose for us what you're seeing there. And then maybe separate that impact, that sort of lag lead impact on your prices versus simple discounting by competitors, which is hitting your volume.
Andr Hawaux: David, this is Andr. I think we saw it probably the most exasperated in Q4. As we went in the quarter, we did price according to where the inflation -- we felt the inflation was going to be. It came in slightly higher, as John articulated, almost 9% in the quarter. And as a result, we're having to, of course, correct and get that in the marketplace. We've taken another round of pricing at the end of our fiscal year, which you all will see impact us in Q1. But also, as John mentioned, we will see a pretty high level of inflation as well in the first quarter of fiscal year '12, which will probably necessitate another round of pricing. So we believe that we will get through to the coverage covering our inflation with pricing and our cost reduction by Q2, and we'll start to see a favorable margin impact there and then through the balance of the year. That's the way our plans are currently lined up right now.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And how much of this is sort of the net surprise that you probably had in the last few months versus what you probably would have thought, would have been a 6% to 8% growth, perhaps back in February around CAGNY time? How much of that is really the competitive environment? Or is this really simply that, that next level of inflation causing a mismatch in the near term?
Andr Hawaux: I think it's a balance of 2 things. I would say the inflation is the primary one. I do believe in most of the categories in which we compete, and just I want to remind the audience that we compete in over 35 to 40 categories in IRI, of which the top 15 make up about 70% of our business. I think there we're seeing to your point earlier, David, rational competition in most cases. There are outliers obviously in every single one of the categories, and I won't drain each one of them, where we see most of our competitive set doing the things that they would have to do as well to protect their margins given the high input costs that is not discriminating against anyone. I think inflation is here across all our competitive set. There are places and certain categories though that where competitive pricing has stalled our ability to potentially take as much pricing as we'd like. But that's the nature of the game, but I'd say the lion's share, to your point, is really driven by the higher inflation pieces we've seen.
Operator: We'll move now to Bank of America's Bryan Spillane.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just, I guess, one question in terms of pricing, you had a competitor out this morning who talked about some difficulty in terms of passing price increases through and basically just needing to document more than need for the pricing. So I guess can you talk to how the conversations have gone with retailers and whether it's been any more difficult and maybe even more recently to raise prices? And then also, do you anticipate having to do more? Are you doing anything differently in order to make sure that you've got that squared away in terms of being able to smooth that process out?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, Bryan. This is Andr. I think retailers, first of all, don't like you walking in and raising prices. That's never been something that our retailers have enjoyed. I think one of the things that we do now quite well is we do equip our teams when we go in to talk about the various commodities and the elements that make up our basket of goods, if you will, and show the various market actions that are going on, both from a macro standpoint and things that are affecting our business. So they don't like it, they -- we do have to be much more factual with them and we have to provide a lot of data. It is not easy. It is very difficult to continue to put through. Many of ours are a combination of both pricing increases, list price increases that we do and also changing out the depth and frequency of our trade. So it's a combination of both list and trade. But again, no one likes it, but they understand it. And we're not the only ones in the marketplace doing it. So -- and everybody is arming themselves with the data that actually take pricing.
Gary Rodkin: Bryan and David, this is Gary. Just to amplify what Andr has said. You know that everyone is experiencing significant input cost inflation, and we are starting to gradually see every day our merchandising price points go up. It's as Andr says, category-by-category, competitor-by-competitor, but I have to tell you that we have made it crystal clear that we are serious about increasing our net pricing to help mitigate this much higher input cost inflation. We have made it very clear that we are not going to go backwards on pricing. And if that means that we need to make some modest trade-off on the volume in the near term, we are willing to do that.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then Gary, as you look into fiscal '12 having made the changes that you made at CAGNY to the -- to your long-term objectives and giving a pretty clear assessment of how the environment has changed, does it give you more conviction or confidence in the forecasting that you've done and budgeting that you've done for 2012 and maybe you would've had in 2011, given now that you have a adjusted, a more realistic view or a different view of the environment?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I think that we clearly are on top of this. It really hit somewhat as a tidal wave in the back half of this year, and we got ourselves a little bit behind by not having that crystal ball as finely tuned as we would like to in 20-20 hindsight. But I do believe we've made a number of changes that will line us up a lot better as we go through this continuing tough environment, but that we've made some changes in terms of organization rewiring to make sure that we've got a very cross-functional look and a lot of connectivity between the cost and the pricing and actually changing, as we look forward, some of the rewiring on exactly how we do handle the net pricing architecture. So, yes, I think we feel much better about it. We're better than we were a few years ago. This will take us actually to the next level as we really have looked hard at studying best practices and made the appropriate changes.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Gary, so you've reduced the long-term earnings guidance, you've announced the desire to want to acquire Ralcorp. I get a tremendous number of questions for people asking kind of if we -- we don't know if you can acquire Ralcorp or not. So I think most of us just want to try to think about what happens to ConAgra on a go-forward basis if you don't get it. And then this question really comes back to the underlying model that you had going on, prior to this intention to acquire RAH. The underlying model was really driven by cost cutting, focusing the portfolio, all the great work you guys had done, divesting assets and then focusing on new products. I mean there was a real story right there and now folks are questioning what the longer-term future is. If you don't get RAH, are you still going to be able to drive this business going forward? Are the cost cuts still there? Is the runway of those cost savings program still that long runway that you had previously envisioned? So hopefully, you can be a little sensitive to this and explain to the investors how we should look at it.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, David, I would tell you that absolutely, with very strong conviction, all of those fundamentals that you talked about are still very much in play and in as good a shape, better shape than they've ever been in the company. One example would be the innovation pipeline is stronger than it's ever been before. The supply chain, our productivity ramp is just as robust as it's ever been. So we feel very, very good about the fundamentals of the business. This has been a tough external environment that we will get through. But specific to your question, as I said, we remain interested in Ralcorp. But having said that, our core issue is really about the rapid increase of the input cost inflation. We are going to get through it and as this year progresses, our net pricing actions take hold, we will work our way through that. But our fundamentals, our foundation is so much stronger that we believe we can confidently add to the portfolio, whether it's this opportunity or another, our success over time is going to be based on returning our core to growth. I think we're already demonstrating that in one of our key businesses, Lamb Weston, and it's smartly pursuing strategic adjacencies that would be branded adjacencies. It will also be in looking for private label growth and it will be in rationally and gradually increasing our scale internationally. So we've got a comprehensive strategic plan, a big focus on the core business, given the fundamentals that we've improved, but we have also recognized that we are serious about adding to the portfolio.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: If I could follow-up with one specific question to 2012, fiscal '12, you mentioned in your prepared comments about incentive compensation costs. I think when I looked at the corporate line today, correct me if I'm wrong here, but on a comparable basis it's down like $40 million year-over-year. You called out what looks like much, much lower compensation costs. When I think about 2012, is the reversal of this happening? And can you quantify, this sounds like a very big headwind in the F '12 guidance. Am I correct about these components?
Gary Rodkin: David, the absolute most important thing to remember here is that we pay for performance. So when we don't perform, it's just straight black-and-white math, we don't get paid as well and these programs pay for themselves, so the only way we earn our incentives is to have the performance that warrants them. John?
John Gehring: Yes, and certainly, Dave, there is a mechanical aspect to this as we put our plans together, we do rebuild incentives. And to your point about the reverse being true next year, we are planning for our incentives to be back at target under the assumption that we will earn them. So there is a big, fairly large swing the other way. But again, I don't know that I view that as a headwind as much as I do a plan that will fund once we perform.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I appreciate the comments. I'll pass it along.
Operator: We'll move now to Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So I appreciate that, one of the biggest part of the mismatch in the quarter was just the sort of incremental inflation that you faced and kind of the need to go back and take additional pricing. But if we're -- if we go back to the end of last quarter, and you were looking ahead to the fiscal fourth quarter, was 2% net price realization in the Consumer Foods division about what you would have expected then or were you hopeful it would have come through more quickly?
Andr Hawaux: Andrew, it's Andr. I think we were -- we're hopeful it would have come through more quickly. But you got to remember, it was a combination of we were expecting pricing and we were expecting our strong performance in CCRs, which we did see to offset the level of inflation that we had called. Inflation was slightly higher so that was the mismatch that we've talked about this morning.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Yes, that part I definitely get. I was getting at just what we're hearing generally speaking in terms of it just being a little bit more taking more time obviously just to get some of these through. More scrutinization by retailers, the need for more justification from manufacturers just to kind of make this happen and so, perhaps it's just also a bit of timing around just how quickly you get it through.
Andr Hawaux: Well, yes, and I spoke to that, I think earlier, and let me just be clear. So the requirements -- the detailed discussions and the getting into the, as I said, the details of the cost increases and why we're seeing the commodity costs, that continues to be with probably more rigor than we've had. But for the most part or typically what you have, Andrew, is you've got a 60-day window typically, where you've already committed pricing. It's gone through, you've got your merchandising set. And if you're going to change that, unless you're willing to really disrupt your merchandising schedules and your relationship with customers, you've got that normal customary 60-day lag effect on most of the portfolio. And it's shorter in those -- well, I call those pass-through categories that are largely commodity, things like oil and spreads, where we're able to affect those prices in about 30 days. So it's typically in that 30- to 60-day time frame that you just -- it's just natural. It's across the industry is the way -- the way this is done largely because you're locking up your merchandising calendar a quarter in advance.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Gary Rodkin: Operator, we're not hearing anything.
Operator: And hearing no response, we'll move on to Davenport, Ann Gurkin.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I wanted to start with the volume drop in the quarter in Consumer Foods, is that in line with expectations? Or how should we think about that volume versus pricing metric as we go into the first half of fiscal '12?
Andr Hawaux: Ann, this is Andr. I think it's a combination of things. I think in -- and so we're really -- what you're really speaking to is elasticity. I think with respect to some categories, we actually feel pretty good. The elasticities are coming in kind of where we called it. With respect to some other brands, I mean, again, we have a big portfolio and we've taken overall about 60% of it with price. And I think on some brands, the consumer reaction in this environment has been stronger than we thought. But the reality is we do believe that, and what we're starting to see as we opened up to fiscal '12 is that, that's starting to come back a little bit. So early on, some of those brands were hit pretty hard in the fourth quarter, but we're seeing some of that start to get better.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay, that helps. And then, with respect to private label pricing, you talked a little about the Commercial Foods and Lamb Weston, but can you talk about the timing of getting price increases through on your private label business and kind of feedback there?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, it's going depend, Ann, in our business so we have similar to Lamb, it's not tied to the crop obviously. But we have some businesses that we have in private label that are big businesses. So they do an RFP, you bid and you get the business for a certain period of time, so you're locked in, in some of those businesses contractually. That's not the whole portfolio. And in other places, we've taken, for instance, in our Snacks, Breakfast business, our bar business, we actually have taken prices because not all of those businesses are RFP. So it's a mix bag and we are taking pricing in our private label space as have others where the inflation warrants it and where we can that we're not locked into a specific contract. But as we cycle out of those contracts, we have new pricing going in that reflects the new input costs.
Gary Rodkin: Ann, I would comment on Lamb Weston, the contracting nature of that business. There's a lot of variability but there's a number of contracts that are done annually kind of crop year to crop year. And from a real high-level perspective, the transition would really be kind of at the end of the first quarter, is where it resets.
Operator: And we'll move again to Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just want to focus on the balance sheet a little bit. They're obviously generating a decent amount of cash flow and CapEx in an absolute basis seems to be kind of holding flat or it's within guidance. And now as we look forward into fiscal year '12, it would seem as if you're getting your leverage ratios obviously down more. So that being said, is your fiscal year EPS outlook, does that include any incremental buyback from outside of the -- what's left on your authorization? And I also have a follow-up.
Gary Rodkin: We have only anticipated in our plan what we have authorization for because it's an - our board -- that's an issue our board needs to be behind.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, okay, makes sense. And then, just to clarify, if you are in current discussions with respect to acquisitions, are you able to be in the market buying back stock or maybe should the expectation for us be that, as we look forward into Q1 and the rest of the year as long as you're in current conversations, potentially privy to nondisclosed information that we shouldn't expect the remainder of the buyback on the authorization to be made this year?
Chris Klinefelter: Rob, this is Chris. I believe that a lot of those rules depend on how the specific buyback arrangement is crafted. And so there are some specifics we're not going to get into, but I'll just echo what John said, which is that our plan, we only have $125 million or so on the plan. It's a reasonable assumption that would be knocked out in reasonable period of time and we'll have to leave it at that.
Operator: And we'll move now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A question for you on the inflation outlook. It's -- getting a good beat on that has obviously been a challenge for both you and myself throughout the year. I think you've laid out an outlook of 7% to 8% for fiscal '12 with a little bit more front-half loaded. How comfortable are you with that? And what kind of visibility do you have? And specifically what sort of coverage might you have for the year?
John Gehring: Well, I guess in terms of our comfort level, I'd say we're about as comfortable as we be given the volatility of the markets today. So we are looking every day at the markets and the forward curves and our position. So I think it's the best estimate I think that's available again given the circumstances. We do undertake a number of actions in order to try to manage costs. We do some of that through derivative hedging, we also do it through long-term contracts and supply contracts. I won't -- I'm not going to get into specific coverage that we have on our buy. But I would tell you, again, we're looking at those positions daily and we're obviously trying to balance the need to protect our P&L going forward. But we also need to balance that with the risk that if you lock in too far out in very volatile markets and things collapse, we could end up with a very different competitive problem. So very challenging environment, I think we feel good about our processes and the estimate we have, but it's a lot of hard work going forward.
Gary Rodkin: And Jason, it's important to remember, the overlaps on inflation are clearly a lot tougher in the first half of the year.
John Gehring: And that's just a function of the absolute prices that we will be lapping at the end of next year, are going to be lapping much higher prices than in the last couple of quarters.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. One follow-up on a related topic, 70%, does that include the inflation in your pass-though categories like oils? And if not, can you give us a fully loaded number?
John Gehring: Yes, that does include what we see on the consumer side. It includes all the categories.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess just a quick one on the F 2012 estimate for interest expense and then some guideline about corporate expense, and then I'll just have a more broad-based follow-up.
John Gehring: This is John. I'll start, the interest is ballparked at around $200 million. The reason for that is we don't have the income in it that we had this year. And on corporate, while we wouldn't say that it is always a precise number, what we're looking at is numbers that are in the same range of each other. We'd be in the mid to high 3s for the year, and we don't see any tremendous volatility across quarters at this point.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: That corporate -- so that includes the higher pension and then some assumption on the incentive accrual?
John Gehring: It does, but realize not all of those numbers are just corporate. Some of those flow through in the business as well, and particularly...
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then for Andr, I think that you answered the question earlier that you had passed through on about 60% of the categories. I realize everything is kind of a moving target these days with inflation, but didn't you say that you had passed through about 50% of the portfolio last quarter and the target was to pass through like 90% by the end of the fiscal year?
Andr Hawaux: Yes. So Eric, where we were as we came out of the quarter, we came out with about 60% of our portfolio will be priced as we enter the fiscal year. And by Q1, we will be about 80%. There are some brands that we've analyzed that have to be fast followers that can't lead given their market position. Again, this goes through our entire portfolio where you start looking at brands where we have fairly relatively low share positions. So some things got course directed during the time frame in which we spoke, but those are the numbers that we now have baked into that are both active and live with pricing as we speak today, that's about 60% of the portfolio. The pricing that we have lined up for P3 and P4 in the new year gets us to about 80%. And then the work that we've done with other brands, which adjusted we would have -- we'll have more pricing if the leaders in those categories take pricing because the math says that we have to be fast followers given our relative share position.
Operator: And we'll hear now from Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a question about Customer Connect, can you give us a sense of how that's different from your -- how you use to approach your customers, your customer marketing teams? Are you bringing in like your procurement managers to help justify why your costs are higher?
Andr Hawaux: Rob, this is Andr. Let me just take a more holistic perspective on it because I think what you're talking about is a very tactical thing that we do today when we bring pricing. And we arm our sales teams with information from the procurement organization to talk about the macro trends on commodities and things like that. But Customer Connect is significantly more holistic than that and is really sort of very patterned on a lot of those things that we've done in supply chain when we talk about end-to-end. We took a compressive look at our customers, we interviewed them through a third party and talked about where we -- what disciplines we lack versus best in class. And more importantly, where we were on the continuum of being a transactional supplier with them versus a strategic. And they said that we had moved from the old days of transaction supplier -- transactional supplier to more collaborative, but we weren't quite in the best of class what they would view as strategic. And what they said is, we -- our teams weren't cross-functional enough. So we didn't bring to the discussions with them enough of the supply chain side where we help jointly take cost out of our collective systems, where, while our Shopper Marketing was good, we could beef up those resources. We could beef up things like category management and more importantly, we could get involved in longer-range joint business plans. They said that the top of the class there really brings all those things to bear and ConAgra brings many of those things to bear, but not all the way to bright. So that's one piece as we face the customer. The other thing we've done working again with outside folks is to say how do we stack up against best of breed around what I call pricing architecture and trade management. And this is something we've now brought to the center and we are now working through bringing it to the center and not having it as disparate as it was in the past. So there's a lot of opportunity for us, as Gary mentioned, we've taken a lot of steps over the last 4 or 5 years to get better but to ultimately get to best in class. What we've learned is you create a center of excellence for revenue management and trade management and you centralize those resources with the appropriate skill sets and the levels that you need, and that's the journey we're on and that's the path we're on now because as we've talked to more people, that is clearly best in class and we're not there yet. So I think that's the move and it's very holistic. It has a lot of similarities, as I said, to what the success we've had in supply chain and that's the path that we're on. And we feel very confident that this is going to pay very big dividends as we move through fiscal year '12.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Now Andr, that's very interesting. Do you feel like you need to bring in more talent from the outside, maybe best-in-class managers from other CPG companies to help you execute that plan?
Andr Hawaux: I think, clearly, the skill set around pricing and some quant things, the quant skills we need, the answer, Rob, would be, yes. We have some very strong folks internally, so I don't want to diminish their contributions. But yes, I do believe we will strengthen and build more muscles as we bring other people and whether it's from CPG or other sectors, it really is that skill set around pricing being a strategic lever, not a tactical lever.
Operator: Sanford Bernstein's Alexia Howard has our next question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just want to ask about the pace of innovation, I guess I'm linking that back to the improvement in price elasticity that you're expecting this year. I guess, last quarter, price and volume was pretty flat. Now you've got to the 2% price increase, but volumes are down 3% and yet, for this year, you're expecting an improvement back to a neutral volume position. Is that partly driven by an expectation that the pace of innovation will accelerate here? And how are your recent new products doing in the market?
Chris Klinefelter: Alex, this is Chris. Let me start on the -- now just to be clear, we're not saying that we do expect flat volumes for '12. We have anticipated plans with pricing and Gary's remarks were that we are prepared for some modest volume declines, but I don't want you to be confused that we have said that fiscal '12 is starting out with an expectation for flat volumes. Andr?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, so Alexia, let me talk about -- we believe, as Gary articulated, that we have a very strong innovation pipeline. I'm going to give you an example of why I believe that, that's very true and how that's become -- that's getting manifested in the marketplace. And I'm going to use Frozen as the example because I think it's the one that we can bring it most to life. Number one, if you take a look at what I've shared with this group in the past about the things we need to do on Frozen was, one, we need to win in single-serve meals, we need to broaden our footprint into multi-serve meals because we were really not capturing any of that growth in that because we weren't really present in that space and lastly, capturing adjacencies with our brands, things like food pies, desserts, et cetera. The innovation has really supported all those things, and if you look at all 3 of those things and single-serve meals for fiscal year 2011 that just ended, we won, we gained share. We continue to increase our distribution across all of our brands: Banquet, Marie Callender and Healthy Choice. Multi-serve meals, with the advent of the micro right tray and our multi-serve expansion with Marie Callender, we gained share, we grew that business very nicely, again, continuing to deliver on that. And capturing adjacencies, we did well with not only the acquisition of American Pie, but the ability to also take Banquet into a food pie process as well and into that space. So tray-in-tray has been key to our success there, that's innovation. That we're the only ones that have that and same thing with micro right trays. So the example I would give this audience is Frozen is where we have hit on all the things that we talked about. And we have a lot more work to do across our portfolio, but that as the example when Gary and the teams speaks about platform innovation and leveraging our innovation to do the things we need to do in the marketplace. And we're also seeing pricing -- if you look at sequential pricing in Frozen that you can look at from an average price per unit standpoint, using ROI or Nielsen or whatever you're looking at. You see sequential price improvement in periods '10, '11 and '12 as we exit the year, and as we go into the new year we're seeing it as well. So innovation is allowing us to price and those are the things we're doing. So Frozen for us is really our internal case study of how we do it and how we do it well. We now have to bring that to other pillars.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll hear now from Priya Ohri-Gupta from Barclays Capital.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: You talked a lot about acquisitions and in the past you've talked about how you're very committed to maintaining investment-grade rating. I'm wondering if you could just add a little bit more color on your thought around credit ratings with regards to acquisitions and whether you'd be looking to potentially flex that a little bit for the right opportunity potentially.
John Gehring: Yes, this is John. I would start with we are committed to investment-grade rating. We would be willing to pressure that and flex it a little bit, to make the right acquisition. And we think there's plenty of room to do that in our current rating, but if we -- as long as we stay at investment grade, we would be willing to go down for some period of time, but not below investment grade is where our target is.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great, that's very helpful.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question now from Robert Dickerson. [Consumer Edge Research]
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes. I just had a quick clarification question on John, Lamb Weston, I know there's a put option end of July and I'm assuming that there's no real obligation on your end or cover or expectation that you would be interested in purchasing the majority ownership in that.
Chris Klinefelter: I don't -- I'm sorry, this is Chris. I'll turn it over to John, but I don't think there's of anything to express that, that would be material and I don't think that's on our radar.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. That's all.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. And just as a -- well, this concludes our remarks today and just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul Maass - President of Commercial-Foods Business John Gehring - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Executive Committee Andr Hawaux - President of Consumer Foods
Analysts: William Sawyer - Crdit Suisse AG Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] My name is Kerry Steeling, and I will be your conference facilitator. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning we'll talk about the strategic, operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business and cause our results to differ from expectations, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS from continuing operations was $0.50 as reported and on a comparable basis, up 16% over last year's comparable amounts from continuing operations. That's a change from what we saw in the first half of fiscal '11.  We expected this improvement, and we remain in position to deliver on our full-year guidance as we told you last month at CAGNY. All the work we've done, strengthening the foundation of the company over the past few years has put us in a position to better navigate difficult times like these. The insights we've developed in these challenging economic conditions, particularly over the last few quarters, have helped us develop realistic plans and a better sense of what to expect, as we go forward. While this continues to be a tough business climate, we're taking the appropriate actions to work through it. And I'll say more about those actions in a minute.  Highlighting the segment performances. Organic sales growth in Consumer Foods was about flat year-over-year for Q3. Reported sales for that segment were up 2%, driven by our acquisitions. Sales in Commercial Foods were up 7%. Operating profit for each segment was up modestly versus last year on a comparable basis, again better than what we saw earlier this year.  I'll touch on the main points for each segment starting with Consumer Foods. Inflation pressures continue, and we're battling them with pricing actions underway, continuing supply-chain cost savings, reduced advertising and promotion expense and lowering incentive compensation expense. It goes without saying that pricing is top of mind for everyone. The recent and continued inflationary environment has made it necessary to take prices up responsively.  I'll remind you that in this industry, from a timing standpoint, pricing lags input cost inflation. We have implemented price increases either in terms of lower trade promotions or higher list prices across almost half of our portfolio. Although the increases did not round to a full percentage point of top line benefit in Consumer Foods sales in the third quarter, there were some positive price-mix contribution. And most importantly, this represents sequential improvement in price-mix from what we saw earlier this fiscal year.  So for timing reasons, the pricing actions we have already taken will be more apparent in upcoming IRI numbers and in the components of fourth quarter net sales. That said, we continue to focus on providing strong value to consumers even as our prices for our products go up a bit. Looking forward, we expect inflationary trends to continue, and we will take additional net pricing actions over time as the situation demands it. Even more important for building long-term strength, however, is staying focused on the fundamentals, meaning growing share, volume and net sales over the long term. To that end, we posted sales growth for a number of key brands this quarter. For example, Banquet, Healthy Choice, Hebrew National, Manwich, Marie Callender's, Peter Pan, Slim Jim, Snack Pack, Wesson and others. We do continue to experience softness in some of our categories like shelf stable convenient meals where consumers have continued to reduce their stock-up behavior.  We're focused on growing our large and important categories within the Consumer Foods segment such as Frozen, where we posted 7% organic volume growth and 8% organic sales growth in the third quarter. What drove Frozen's growth in the third quarter? Well, all of our large brands, Banquet, Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's, had good results.  We saw a positive turn in single-serve meals after nearly a year of decline, and ConAgra Foods is leading the trend with our innovation. Healthy Choice single-serve meals grew sales more than 5% in measured channels due to our innovations in steaming entres.  In the Economy segment, Banquet had significant volume, net sales and share growth in single-serve fruit pies, pot pies, family serve entres and with Brown 'N Serve sausage. Our Marie Callender's-based business was up double digits, again, due to the innovation we brought to the category. And on top of this, we had a very successful holiday pie selling season with the Marie Callender's desserts we acquired in the American Pie deal. We've grown the overall Frozen business through true innovation that's on trend with today's consumer needs for taste, nutrition and value. As you've heard us say before, examples this year have included Healthy Choice Lunch Steamers, Marie Callender's signature bakes and Banquet fruit pies, all of which bring the right kind of news to the Frozen case and position us for high-quality sales and share growth. We think of our innovation in terms of platforms that we can continue building on. That's the way we want to compete in this category, and that's the approach you should expect to see from us in the future. We view our learnings and insights in the Frozen category as resources to leverage in growing other large categories in which we compete.  As we told you at CAGNY, some of these categories include nutrition in cereal bars, sweet potatoes in our commercial food operations and snacks. You'll soon begin to see the impact of Orville Redenbachers Pop Up Bowl as it hits the shelf. This is the biggest new product introduction in popcorn in quite some time. Retailers are excited about this innovation, and we expect the consumer trial and repeat to be strong. While price and innovation certainly play key roles in our growth plans, the importance of our productivity initiatives cannot be overstated. We continue to make steady progress on our cost savings program, and the third quarter was no exception. We're on track for delivering in excess of $275 million in savings this fiscal year from our Consumer Foods supply chain.  John told you at CAGNY about the comprehensiveness of the supply chain savings programs, which are important for improving our margins overall. And I'll reinforce that they are significant in terms of dollar impact and one of the key reasons we're confident in our ability to grow long-term profitability. Moving on to Commercial Foods. Within that segment, sales were up 7%, and comparable operating profit was up 5%. Overall, within Commercial Foods, we're focusing on continually improving product mix, with more emphasis on higher growth, higher margin products such as sweet potatoes, which are on trend and performing very well in both food service and retail channels and on higher margin whole grains such as Ultra Grain flour. Our Flour Milling business turned in a very strong quarter, leveraging market conditions. We have delivered good margins in a volatile market, and our reputation for excellent customer service continues to serve us well. In Lamb Weston, the segment's largest business, sales were up but margins were still pressured. The new potato crop we're now processing is higher quality and has started to benefit margins but there's more to do to return to profitable growth, which is why pricing actions and efficiency initiatives are underway as we speak. In summary, we're seeing progress in the back half of our fiscal year, which is being driven by: One, net price increases in our Consumer Foods portfolio, which help mitigate higher commodity input costs; two, continuing Consumer Foods supply chain cost savings; three, gradual improvement from raw potato crop quality and yield at Lamb Weston; four, contributions from innovation and acquired businesses; and five, lower SG&A due to incentive compensation payouts that will be less than a year ago, reflecting our pay-for-performance culture. Also, we're benefiting from share repurchases, and I'll let John say more about that.  Overall, our expectations for full fiscal year EPS and second half EPS have not changed. And as we indicate in today's release, our fourth quarter should deliver good comparable year-over-year EPS growth. While it's too early to forecast our expectations for fiscal '12, we continue to believe inflation and the consumer mindset will continue to be challenging. To combat that, we'll continue to innovate, price right and drive productivity. We'll talk more about our next fiscal year expectations in our fourth quarter earnings release on June 23. In closing, I'll offer that while the world around us will likely be a challenging place for all the reasons you've heard about from us, our peers, popular press and so on, I encourage you to keep in mind all the reasons we're confident in the sustainable long-term growth potential for ConAgra Foods. That's what we focus on and manage for, the long-term. We have a long runway of productivity to fight inflation and enable earnings growth. We have a great approach to innovation, which has delivered and will continue delivering good growth.  We have high impact marketing that resonates with consumers. We understand the shopper mindset and are committed to delivering great value to our trade customers as well as our end-consumers. And we have proven that we will deploy capital prudently for our shareholders. Those elements have been and will remain essential to our plans to deliver sustainable profitable growth and shareholder value over the long-term. While creating value for our shareholders is, of course, our primary purpose, I also wanted to take a minute today to talk about our commitment as a responsible corporate citizen. Earlier this month, we launched our biggest push ever to create more awareness of a serious issue, one that is very near to us at ConAgra Foods. That issue is child hunger. We're creating more involvement in solving this issue because it's truly staggering and unacceptable that one in four kids in America today is food insecure. You may have seen the Child Hunger Ends Here documentary special on NBC last Saturday night. We helped NBC create that special to build understanding that child hunger really is right here in our own backyards.  Through our especially-marked packages we have in stores now, we're enlisting help from consumers to end child hunger. The 2.5 million meals we're donating through this campaign is in addition to the more than 1 million meals ConAgra Foods and our foundation donate each month and the many millions of dollars we've donated to this cause over the last 20 years. I encourage you to get involved as well. Please take a look at childhungerendshere.com to find out more. We appreciate your support.  Thanks for taking part in today's call. And now, I'll turn it over to John.
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on four topics this morning. I'll begin by addressing our third quarter performance. Next, I'll address comparability matters. Then, I'll move on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I'll share some comments on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2011. Let me begin with some comments on our third quarter performance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.2 billion, up 4%, and we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.50 versus $0.49 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was also $0.50, or 16% higher than the comparable $0.43 from continuing operations in the year-ago period. Operating profit on a comparable basis was up 3% in our Consumer Foods segment and up 5% in our Commercial Foods segment.  Now let me provide you a few more segment highlights. First on Consumer Foods. Net sales were $2.1 billion, up 2%, reflecting flat base volume and price mix and a benefit of about 2% from acquired businesses. These new businesses, net of divested businesses, contributed approximately $35 million to net sales in the quarter. Inflation and other changes to our cost base for our Consumer Foods business outpaced cost savings in the quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost-reduction efforts continue to yield good results, and we delivered cost savings of approximately $70 million in the quarter. Further, for the full fiscal year, we still expect to deliver in excess of $275 million of cost savings for this segment, which obviously helps us battle higher inflation. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $83 million, down approximately $19 million from the prior year. For the full fiscal year, we expect A&P to be down about 10% from the prior year, as we have shifted the marketing mix in the current environment to focus on more trade and promotional activity. We also continue to prioritize investment behind our key brands and our innovation initiatives and raise the bar on impact and return requirements for all marketing investments.  Overall, segment operating profit was up about 3%, on a comparable basis. And for the third quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on Consumer Foods net sales and contributed approximately $8 million to operating profit. Turning now to our Commercial Foods segment. Net sales were $1.1 billion, up about 7% over the prior year. Net sales increased primarily due to higher pass-through wheat costs in our Flour Milling business. Net sales also reflects volume gains and modest pricing and mix improvements in Lamb Weston. Overall, Commercial Foods segment operating profit was up about 5%, on a comparable basis. The increase was due to very strong performance in our Flour Milling business. The flour milling management team continues to effectively manage margins in a volatile commodity environment and leverage its customer service and innovation capabilities. Lamb Weston operating profit declined modestly. While the current year potato crop is performing better, other input inflation in production costs, as well as higher SG&A costs, negatively impacted results. For the total company, our core selling, general and administrative expenses, which exclude items such as advertising and promotion, incentives, commissions, royalties and comparability items, were in line with our zero overhead growth goal for the quarter. We continue to challenge our team to control costs and to achieve high ROI on incremental SG&A investments.  Corporate expenses for the quarter on a comparable basis were $75 million versus $103 million in the year-ago quarter. The reduction is driven principally by lower incentives and other favorability from our ongoing cost control efforts. The tax rate for the quarter was 35%, slightly above our full-year estimate, driven by several changes in estimates. We still expect our full-year rate to be approximately 34%. Now I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, the net impact of comparability items in the quarter was immaterial. However, we did have several items of note as follows. First, on hedging. In the third quarter, we had approximately $24 million of net hedging benefit and corporate expense or approximately $0.03 per diluted share, which we treat as a comparability item. Secondly, we recorded a gain of approximately $25 million or $0.04 per share, resulting from the early repayment of the PIK notes this quarter, related to the sale of our Trading & Merchandising business in June of 2008.  Next, we recorded approximately $32 million or $0.05 per share of restructuring charges, including $25 million related to the network optimization program that we recently announced. And finally, we also recorded approximately $16 million or $0.02 per share of other asset impairment charges related to an asset impairment of a small business unit that we plan to exit. Now let's turn to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. First, we closed the quarter with $883 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. On operating cash flow, we now expect to exceed $1.3 billion of cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2011. This amount has increased somewhat from our previous estimates, due to higher estimated benefits from recently enacted tax law changes and additional operating cash flow we now expect to receive related to an insurance matter. I'll provide more details on the insurance matter in a moment. On working capital. Through the first three quarters, we have executed well on our working capital initiatives. However, rising commodity costs have resulted in higher inventory and working capital balances. We do expect working capital balances to decline over the balance of the year, as we work through seasonal inventories. For the full fiscal year, we expect changes in working capital to have a modest impact on cash flows as the benefit from expected improvement in our cash conversion cycle will be offset by higher inventory costs. Next, on capital expenditures. For the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $136 million versus $120 million in the prior year. And for the full year, we continue to expect CapEx to be approximately $475 million. And as we've said before, the mix of our capital expenditures continues to shift away from infrastructure and to more innovation and growth investments. Net interest expense was $52 million in the third quarter versus $40 million in the prior year. Interest income from the PIK notes associated with the sale of our Trading & Merchandising operations was $2 million in the third quarter and $20 million in the year-ago period. Dividends for the quarter were approximately $100 million versus $89 million in the prior year. Now let me update you on some capital allocation matters. First, during the third quarter, we acquired approximately 21 million shares for about $490 million under the remaining $750 million share repurchase authorizations. We also expect to repurchase approximately $135 million of additional shares by fiscal year-end. In addition to share repurchases, we also remain focused on growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansion as well as investments necessary to support our strong cost savings initiatives.  We also continue to pursue growth through acquisitions. Given our operating capabilities, as well as the balance sheet strength we have built over the past several years, we're very confident in our ability to add to the portfolio where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return.  Now I'd like to share some comments on our fiscal 2011 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low-single digits from our 2010 base of $1.74 per share. This is consistent with our previous guidance. Our updated 2011 earnings estimate reflects revenue growth in the low-single digits, full year cost savings of at least $275 million in our Consumer Foods segment, lower selling, general and administrative expense driven by lower incentive costs and a continued focus on cost control and an expected effective tax rate for continuing operations in the range of 34% for the full year. Overall, there is no change in our aggregate second half outlook or our full fiscal year outlook. We do expect our fourth quarter results to reflect good EPS growth versus a year ago. However, our third quarter came in a little higher than planned specifically in regards to our Flour Milling profits. And when we take that over delivery into account, some of which reflected a shift from fourth quarter to third quarter, along with the fact that inflationary pressures have intensified, we expect our fourth quarter EPS on a comparable basis to be lower than our third quarter EPS. Finally, with respect to the fourth quarter. During the past week, we reached a settlement in principle with our insurance carriers related to claims arising out of the Garner incident. As a result, we expect to receive approximately $48 million of cash during the fourth quarter. This brings our total cash proceeds to approximately $168 million. Also, in the fourth quarter, we will record a gain of approximately $105 million related to this settlement  related to the settlement of our business interruption and property claims. We will treat this gain as a comparability item. But overall, we are very pleased with this outcome and the opportunity to bring closure to this matter. That concludes my remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass will be happy to take your questions at this time.  I will now turn it back over to the operator for our Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It looks like our first question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to ask you a question on pricing and just how those communications are working this time around versus maybe a few years ago when the company may not have been on its front foot with regard to pricing. Obviously, there was the peanut butter issue back then. Do you find that there is any lags and leads in terms of the pricing and the margin pinch this time around in some of your more passive categories? And a separate question on Frozen. We've heard there's -- I believe it was Heinz, just to name one, is seemingly getting more front-footed and marketing-minded, innovation-minded with regard to that category. How do you see that Frozen category behaving with regard to price? And just the general attention to that category from the other players.
Gary Rodkin: David, let me start. I'll have Andr add some color. First, on pricing, it's never easy. You know that, we all know, particularly, given the challenging overall environment. However, given the amount of noise and the kind of universal understanding of the commodity pressures, we are getting our pricing through with our customers. And we have taken a good bit, almost half the portfolio on the consumer side in Q3, and we'll be taking more in Q4. Those come in the form of both list prices, as well as changes in our Trade Merchandising. So that is proceeding as we have planned. And in Frozen, I'm glad to hear what you said about one of our competitors because we believe that is the right way to compete in this category. So we are continuing to move forward with our innovation and marketing agenda on Frozen. You will see from us, as we've said, our Trade Merchandising rates will change, as we go forward. So everything as planned.
Andr Hawaux: The only thing I would add, David -- I think Gary said it very well. I think on the Frozen piece, we are seeing the competitive set move to competing more on innovation and marketing, which we believe is the right way to go. So we're encouraged by that. That has been our drive, and our mantra has been around our platform innovation in Frozen and specifically, driving our marketing in that vein so that consumers understand the great value that is in Frozen, the great quality. So the category actually grows. So we're very encouraged by what we see the competitors doing in this space.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And was there any pricing in particular that's out there in the Frozen aisle. Are you seeing pricing going up?
Gary Rodkin: We are. Let me just -- as I said in the third quarter what we see and what we believe will happen in this space will be this, as you know, is a very frequently promoted category. I think we believe that we'll continue to see frequency, but the depth -- and therefore we're approaching it via trade -- will be something that changes. So the promotional frequency will stay the same. But the depth of frequency will change, and you'll see price points go up. And we're actually starting to see that if -- you'll start to see that flow through in IRI very shortly.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Gary, honestly, the tone of the press release sounded a bit negative. Advertising, spending and compensation spending have been cut, and you really didn't provide any quantitative information on the magnitude and timing of future commodity inflation, nor pricing. And the fourth quarter EPS expectations had been cut. So I feel like you just have to -- I would like for you to answer the question on, how bleak is the situation because of inflation? And can you guys give us some numbers here regarding the rate of inflation in Q3 and then expected in Q4, the size of your hedges going forward and then finally, just the size and timing of the pricing that you do expect in the fourth quarter?
Gary Rodkin: David, we were trying to be extremely transparent as we always are in our release. So we're telling the facts as they come. We did trim back a bit of our marketing because of the competitive pressures and the inflation. We expect to see those levels go back up, as we go forward. On incentives, it's purely mathematical exercise. We pay for performance. So whatever our performance is dictating on an operating basis is the incentives that we pay, and therefore they are lower than they were a year ago. As it pertains to inflation, this quarter, about 5% to 6%. And as we go forward into F12, we're talking about around 7%. So yes, it is a challenging environment. We are taking a lot of actions. You've heard us talk about pricing, we are serious about that. You heard me say at CAGNY, not a choice, it's an imperative. That's not the only thing we're doing. We're making our marketing work harder. Weve got lots of innovation, lots of productivity. So we don't intend to be bleak or negative whatsoever, just realistic.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: If I could just do one follow-up. When do you think pricing will catch up with inflation such that we're matching on a quarterly basis?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. That's a tough one because the dynamics in the industry are such that we announce and then there's a time lag that gives customers a chance to adjust. So it's always going to be a bit of a time lag. It keeps rolling forward. So what we took in Q3, you'll see take more impact in Q4.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: If I look at the sequential pricing improvement that you got 3Q -- in the third quarter versus 2Q. I'm trying to get a sense of -- I know volume weakened a little bit but not dramatically. So I'm trying to get a sense of your early read  and admittedly, I know it's early in what some of the elasticity might look like as this pricing has come through. And more importantly, trying to get a sense of how we should think about the fourth quarter. Obviously, we'll see even more pricing, hopefully, sequentially. But what are you getting a sense of on elasticity, and I guess how do we think about volume in the fourth quarter?
Andr Hawaux: Andrew, this is Andr. I think we were encouraged by what we saw in Q3. I would just caution the audience that we took, as Gary said, just slightly, just under 50% of our portfolio. The rest comes in Q4 and then there's more. So what we're cautious about is what we saw in Q3, we're encouraged by, but we also know that the consumer will now go through another round of pricing at the next level as we price the lion's share of our portfolio. By the end of Q4, we think we'll touch probably, Andrew, in the neighborhood of 90% to 95% of our portfolio. And that's what gives us just caution, just to try to understand what the elasticities will be as consumers deal with this. And that's been our issue all year. As we look at some of our categories, which are very high stock-up to Gary's point, categories like single-serve convenient meals, we've seen folks just buy less of those products, still very good value. So that's where we're a little cautious at this point.
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, the sequential improvement, we were seeing a pretty reasonable gap between volume and net sales in the first half of the year, a couple of points. That certainly has improved a lot in Q3, on about flat volume. But Andrs right, as we get all of this impacted on the shelf, we just want to play it in a realistic or even more conservative standpoint. We clearly are trying to impact how much we take and how much we bring to the bottom line with a very significant productivity, combination of productivity and price. So it really is about both of those things. But we have said, we are willing to make some modest volume trade-off. Were serious about that because it's the right thing for us to do. I think the key word is modest. But it's kind of we're going to have to wait and see how consumers adjust.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: That makes sense. Just a quick follow-up. I know that you even mentioned last quarter and you have been, obviously, aggressive in taking account pricing. That's justified and that's needed, even if it meant that you'd be leading where you needed to. But just curious. Have you felt that you had to lead the way in many, many more categories perhaps than the last time around, such that while it may be more uncomfortable, to your point, it's what you need to do and you're, obviously, seeing it come through?
Andr Hawaux: Andrew, it's Andr. I'd answer that, yes, we have -- we probably felt a little bit uncomfortable. But as Gary has mentioned over and over again and at CAGNY, it is an imperative for us. It's not one decision that we take lightly, but it's something we have to do given what we see with respect to inflation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Gary, my phone dropped, so I don't know -- forgive me if this has already been asked. But just in terms of advertising spend coming down to the second half and shifting more I guess to trade promotions. If you look forward into 2012, do you expect that same dynamic to happen? And I guess going through the various companies that have talked about their plans, I guess over the next calendar year, it just seems to me that there's a few companies at least that are increasing advertising spend and increasing spending behind new product introductions, which helps at least justify the price increase. So I guess I'm trying to get a sense for how you guys are thinking about that advertising spend and relative to supporting the price increase. And does that put you in any kind of position of weakness as youre trying to raise prices at the same time?
Andr Hawaux: So a couple of things, Bryan. This is Andr. I think this year -- as we saw the year unfold, we did have to make some Sophie's choices, if you will relative to our marketing spend. And I think John and Gary articulated earlier, we have to make the spending that we had in the marketplace as effective as possible because we did see a shift between our advertising spending and our trade promotion spending. But that focus has been largely on innovation. If you take a look at a lot of the campaigns that we've had, whether it's the Honest to Goodness on Healthy Choice, it's Time to Savor on Marie Callender. That's all been focused on innovation. And you all will start to see the marketing well be putting forward on top of those. So the use of our dollars that we had in this space in fiscal year 2011 was as effective as we can make it, given what happened in the overall macro industry. I think for us as we build our plans -- and we'll share more of this, obviously, in our Q4 call -- we will actually be reversing that trend and taking out trade promotions that we believe are ineffective and taking pricing up and also moving more of those dollars to pull dollars because that's exactly the formula we want to be able to basically thrive on as we go forward. So it's going to be more pull and less push in the outer years.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just -- John, just one follow-up on the corporate expense. I think we had modeled the compensation expense coming down, correctly. But were there other savings -- benefit-related savings that flow through that line in the quarter as well?
John Gehring: I would just say there were a handful of fairly minor improvements and it could have been across a number of departments and functions in corporate. Probably nothing significant to call out by itself.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hoping you could touch on the dynamics in the Frozen case. You talked about some improvement there. Looking forward, it seems like some of your competitors have a good deal of activity going on with what Heinz is doing and expanding Smart Ones and introducing the TGIF entres. You've already seen Nestl with LEAN and the steaming bag. Just wondering what you're seeing in terms of freezer space. Are you holding your own there, gaining, losing? And on balance, has this increased innovation been positive for the category?
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I think we like when we see that kind of activity in the freezer case because we believe that's a platform that we can compete very well on, and we welcome it. In terms of space, we are at least holding our own, in some cases gaining. So we feel good about that. But that's the right way to compete in this segment, with innovation and product quality and marketing. So we welcome that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Two things. How dependent, Gary, are your savings on getting the volumes running through the plants?
Gary Rodkin: Clearly, absorption is always something that we keep an eye on. What we're not going to do is run the plants at whatever costs in terms of discounting just to keep the plants full. But we do have a very tight focus on absorption, and it does matter to us.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. I mean your guidance incorporates, obviously, a lower level of volume, I would think, for the time being anyway.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I'd say that we're not rejecting bullish volume growth for the time being. That's correct. That's why it's so important for us to work on the productivity side to make sure that we offset any of those potential absorption issues.
Andr Hawaux: Terry, just a comment on that. Our forecast that John shared with you on CCRs, ConAgra cost reductions, and consumer all link to our volume forecast. So we build those plans, and then we link them together so that nothing we are sharing on is not linked to our volumes.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And perhaps just a quick question on some of your store-brand efforts. How much of the consumer products portfolio is that, now and hows that doing in this kind of environment?
Chris Klinefelter: Terry, this is Chris, if you look at the total private label, it's slightly less than 10.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, that's for the total company. I'd say it's south of that. On the Consumer business, it's probably in the, I don't know, 7% range or so.
Chris Klinefelter: 7% or 8% range, yes.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, that's what I was asking about really.
Andr Hawaux: Terry, I would say there's a couple of very strong growth categories there as weve talked about and we shared with you all at CAGNY. I think what we call our Snacks Breakfast business, which is largely our Bar business, is actually doing very, very well, and we continue to gain share and momentum with that business. I think the other categories, which we typically call power of two, things like canned pasta and cooking spray, I think we're doing very well at where those categories are. But the emphasis really has been on our Snacks Breakfast business and that is growing in the low-double digit range.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess a couple of questions. Gary, when I look at the Q&A that talks about the brands, those that are up and those that are down, there were -- kind of versus last quarter, there were actually more in the upside of it than down. And I'm trying to kind of understand that relative to no volume growth out of the Consumer segment?
Gary Rodkin: A lot of that has to do with mix. Not all volume is created equal. So our base organic volume growth was about flat, maybe slightly up in this quarter. And some of that has to do with some of the pass-through categories like oil and spreads.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. And then just on the -- unrelated, on the flour milling, you said that did very well. Were you just particularly well hedged given the curve in wheat? Or did you take share from competitors because the products that you're putting out are better than the competitors? Can you just talk a little bit more about that?
Paul Maass: Sure. This is Paul. It's not a market share situation. It's just really about margin management in an extremely volatile environment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: So you just basically played the wheat volatility well. Is that a fair way to say it?
Paul Maass: I think that's a simple way to put it. When you're dealing with -- if you follow the grain markets, the kind of volatility that we had in the marketplace, a lot more activity when it comes to contracting with customers and just managing our entire kind of book of business. And it really focuses much more on that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then I guess, John, last question. The company bought back a really large amount of stock in the quarter. And at the same time, you took your long-term growth targets down on the business. So can you just kind of walk through the idea of buying back so much stock and yet lowering the targets? I guess just based on your discount model, even with the lower growth expectations, that was still a reasonable use of cash at this value.
John Gehring: Yes. Let me just remind everybody on -- most all of the share repurchase that we executed this quarter and that we're expecting for the second half of the year, relates to the proceeds from the PIK notes that we got earlier in December. And so if you just look at the full year impact of the shares we've taken out, that really just offsets the impact of the interest income we've lost from those PIK notes. So if you look at a full-year impact, both of those things are about a wash. So I really don't know that that's been a significant impact on how we look at our algorithm. Our algorithm was really, I think, more just looking at the environment we're in and the categories and inflation and all the various operating aspects of the business.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, all right. And then just if I could squeeze one last one in. The corporate expense normally in the fourth quarter kind of moves up quite a bit, and I guess that you're probably truing up comp among other things. How do we think about that number for the fourth quarter given that comp expense is going to be down over the year? Or maybe it isnt, maybe it's just the second half but I guess it would be down in the fourth quarter either way.
John Gehring: I guess what I'd say is the comp expense has been coming down over the course of the year. We try to gauge it, as we go. At this point I don't have a specific comment on where I expect corporate expense to be. But the prior quarters are probably reasonably good indicators.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: At CAGNY, you all talked about your revised long-term guidance of 6% to 8%, which included some tuck-in acquisitions, if I understood correctly. Should we think about that kind of range as we look to '12? Are you looking at making some tuck-in acquisitions? Can you talk about kind of your portfolio configuration?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Ann. I would tell you what we have included in that algorithm are minor tuck-ins that wouldn't account for more than -- at the most, a point. So not a huge factor. What we are talking about now and what we tried to convey at CAGNY, is that we believe we're at the point where we can start to look a bit more aggressively on the acquisition front. Not that we're going to go crazy and turn the place upside down, but we are looking to change the equation a bit more from more divestiture to, hopefully, a bit more acquisition. So we are looking for growth, and we're going to do it in a responsible way. Not any it [ph], what I'm talking about right there is not truly built into the algorithm.
Chris Klinefelter: And this is Chris, the only thing I would build on that answer, there's nothing specific about acquisitions for fiscal '12 to talk about today.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of questions on the working capital. And particularly, the accrued payroll line was down substantially. I assume that has something to do with the incentive comp. But can you just help us on that line?
John Gehring: Yes, Vincent, that's right. It's primarily driven by  theres just change in incentives year-over-year. So I think youve got it right.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then secondly on the inventory, you stated in the prepared comments that, that was really just going to be a function of the rising commodity cost number, the cost of the inventory. But theres -- as we look at that line through the balance of the year, no portion of that is going to be a function of sort of your volume performance or elasticity. Is that correct?
John Gehring: No, I don't see any significant. If you're referring to where do we see at year-end, I don't think you're going to see a material difference between this year and last year from a quality standpoint based upon volumes. I think as we've said before, given the nature of some of our products and crop-based products, we do tend to liquidate inventory from kind of the half, mid-point of the year on down through year-end. So we would expect to see some continuing decline on our inventory balances.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then lastly, is there any way you could break out the benefit in the quarter from the cost-reduction efforts that was in corporate expense?
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. When we're talking about cost-reduction efforts today, most of those are in the Consumer Foods cost of goods sold. And then as John was discussing earlier, a big piece of what you see in lower comparable corporate is due to incentives. And as a lesser degree of things that we have that will cut across a variety of departments that are smaller in that math.
John Gehring: It's just the ongoing impact of trying to drive a zero overhead growth culture and its just what we try to drive every day.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So it's a smaller piece of the delta. I got it.
John Gehring: Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Moskow Credit Suisse.
William Sawyer - Crdit Suisse AG: This is Will Sawyer for Rob. I want to talk a little bit more about acquisitions. I know that's actually been a priority, continues to be. I wanted to get a sense of what your limitations were from a leverage standpoint, kind of limiting the size of the deal that you could possibly do? And a follow-up to that, are there any categories or parts of the store that you guys are focusing on in your acquisition search?
John Gehring: I'll start, this is John. I think, as we said at CAGNY, one of our financial priorities is to have a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. So I don't want to get into specific ratios or anything else here today. But while we think we certainly have some capacity, I would say one of our boundaries at this point is to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet.
Gary Rodkin: And in terms of our scope of what we are looking at, it's where we think we can leverage our capabilities. That's really what the determining factor is.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to ask about food service trends that you're seeing. We're hearing from a number of companies that quick service is picking up quite a bit. I'm wondering what you're seeing in that area versus casual dining, maybe the higher end as well.
Paul Maass: This is Paul. I would probably frame it as we believe the bottom's in. So things are improving, and I think you kind of termed it right, we feel like the bottom's in, and the trend is a bit more favorable.
Gary Rodkin: And particularly down at the value end of QSR versus the higher end.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. And then could I just follow up with a question on the pace of innovation. It feels as though, I think a couple of years ago, you came out with some -- a lot of new products at the same time, maybe that was 2009. Right at the moment, it feels as though you're in an upswing, as well, in the pace of innovation. And I'm just wondering how you think about the right long-term percentage of sales from new products. How do you think about the planning purchase, I guess, for what to bring in when?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, Alexia, this is Andr. I think we're very comfortable with what we shared many of you down at CAGNY. Also we have in the pipeline that we'll be sharing with you in the future as we talk about our growth plans. I think for us we have been pretty steadfast in saying, we're not going to be driven by number of SKUs we launch every year. That were really going to be driven around platforms. So you see us in Frozen, with steaming as one of our platforms. You're now seeing something with our multi-serve offering with microwave tray so for us it's really going to be around platform innovation. We're not going to be overfocused on number of SKUs because we want the things to launch to -- we call it sticky innovation around here and make sure that these are SKUs that are going to be in the marketplace for a very, very long time.
Gary Rodkin: Yes and it's meant to be incremental and proprietary. And I think when you see Pop Up Bowl get onto the shelf, that will be a real good example of something in the center store.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And do you have a particular target for percentage of sales from new products each year or not really? Is it more about just the right timing for these new platforms?
Andr Hawaux: It's more of the latter, which you mentioned. It's about the right timing and making sure they're incremental, they're platform-based. We see long-term runway on them. So we don't necessarily have a number. Some years, it's going to be higher. Some years, it's going to be lower.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back over to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2010-12-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin - CEO John Gehring - CFO Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR Andr Hawaux - President, Consumer Foods Paul Maass - President, Commercial Foods Segment
Analysts: David Palmer - UBS Bryan Spillane - Bank of America David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Ann Gurkin - Davenport Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jackie - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods second quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions.] At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, chief executive officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead Mr. Rodkin. 
Gary Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning we'll talk about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter, and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A, or on our website at the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary. 
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. As you can see from the release, EPS was $0.45 as reported, and on a comparable basis. The environment in our second quarter remained challenging on a number of fronts: tough retail categories, high inflation, and weaker than planned response to promotions. In our commercial operations, we again had lower profits than planned in our potato business, which was impacted by last year's unusually poor quality crop.  Overall, the second quarter challenges were more severe than we expected, but I want to be clear that we're confident in our ability to deliver much better year-over-year results in our second half for several reasons. I'll talk about those in a minute. Looking forward to the next year or two, there's some challenges that will be with us for a while, but because of the strength of our foundation, and our proven capabilities, we're confident in our ability to manage through it.  Moving on to a quick highlight of the segments, consumer foods sales dollars were up about 1% as reported, organic unit volumes were up 1%, and market share increased. Our largest business, frozen, posted a very good organic top line. Acquisitions net of divestitures added about 3% sales.  Price mix was unfavorable by 3%, reflecting promotions that were not as effective given tough category and overall difficult competitive conditions. Consumers are shopping from lists, making more quick trips to the store instead of stocking up as much, and being as value-conscious as we've ever seen. So we did not get the lift on the promotions that we would normally expect to see, and that negatively impacted price mix and profitability. We've learned from this, and we have insights and strategies that we believe will help us better address the new shopping behavior. To be specific, some of our brands are often stock-up products. Shoppers have reduced their pantry inventories, and are shifting a bit more to a just-in-time mode. In response, and in collaboration with retailers, we're looking at downsizing some of our club store packs and we're also considering some changes to our merchandising multiples. We clearly understand that consumers are being more discriminating in their spending choices. We're working through how to take advantage of that in our communications. This means you'll see and hear us be more direct about our functional benefits in our marketing.  One element of this will be expanding our frame of reference on some of our products. For example, we've begun a drive-time radio campaign on Marie Callender's meals as a great alternative to stopping for takeout on the way home. We believe we have upside potential in more clearly articulating the real value of the food within our portfolio in a way that really resonates with consumers.  Segment operating profit was down 13% on a comparable basis due to the impact of promotions on price mix and inflation and other product cost increases that in aggregate were greater than the cost savings. To be clear, our consumer foods cost savings are on track. We should exceed our $275 million goal this year.  Our expectations all along have been to generate slightly higher savings in the back half compared to the first half. Given the size of the inflation we're experiencing, and which we expect to continue, cost savings cannot fully offset it, which is why pricing actions are necessary. I'll say more about that shortly. Moving on to commercial foods, sales were up 3%. Lamb Weston volumes increased. We think we're past the worst of the restaurant trends as we're seeing slight improvement. Flour milling sales dollars increased due to higher wheat costs, which are passed through.  Operating profits on a comparable basis for commercial foods were down 16%, largely due to selling and processing last year's high-cost, low-quality crop at Lamb Weston. Also, our sweet potato plant started operating this quarter, and whenever you bring a new plant online there are some startup costs. Flour milling profits were good and on track with our plans for the quarter, but below very strong amounts a year ago.  Looking ahead, we believe that our second half will show much better year-over-year results. That's been our plan all along. We're expecting the macro challenges to still be with us. Our confidence is based on improvements already underway.  We're looking forward to second half improvement because, one, we have net pricing actions in process. We believe this is necessary and appropriate given significant cost pressures. Two, our second half supply chain cost savings will be strong, slightly higher than the savings generated in the first half, reflecting the flow of projects and timing of savings throughout the year. Three, SG&A costs will be lower, due to lower incentives and our strong focus on overhead cost controls. Four, profit and sales contributions from new products already in the market, as well as acquired businesses, are expected to accelerate. And five, Lamb Weston is now processing a new, higher quality potato crop. Again, we have easier comparisons in the back half given last year's very strong first half, and we expect to benefit from ongoing share repurchases that John will say more about.  With that overview, I'd like to offer some thoughts on each of those, starting with pricing. We're taking net pricing actions, some in list price, some in merchandising, given the sharp increase in commodity costs such as proteins, oils, grains, and packaging. This is an industry-wide issue, and we know we're not alone in experiencing margin pressures. Some categories, of course, are increasing more than others, for instance, products with protein, like frozen meals.  We're well aware of the potential tradeoff we're making with some very modest risk to volume. This is a tradeoff we're willing to make because it's the right business decision. We simply cannot have deflationary, or even flat, pricing in light of significant and accelerating input cost inflation. That would not be a successful strategy for anyone, and even after pricing actions, our products will continue to deliver outstanding value for every dollar spent.  We recently announced price increases in cooking oil, table spreads, and some snacks businesses. Though some have been announced, some are happening right now, and more are to come. Another important aspect to the back half is cost savings. Our strong cost savings engines will provide fuel in the second half of the year as we planned, which will help us better offset inflation but probably will not offset all of it.  We're confident that we'll deliver in excess of $275 million in consumer supply chain savings this fiscal year, and we always expected this year's savings to be slightly more concentrated in the back half of the year due to the flow and timing of projects.  While the bulk of our cost savings are in cost of goods sold, I don't want to ignore the important focus going on in terms of SG&A efficiency. We continue to drive a zero overhead growth culture. In addition, there is a favorable EPS swing due to the change in incentives because we truly do pay for performance. Last year paid out above target. This year will pay out below target. Let me now turn to new product innovation, acquisitions, and brand performance. Keep in mind we have some great innovation in the market. We expect these products to start hitting their full potential in the back half and make more contributions as time goes on. Specifically, I'm talking about Healthy Choice Lunch Steamers, Marie Callender's Signature Bakes, and Banquet dessert pies. We have other innovations slated for the back half of the year, particularly in multi-serve meals and in snacks, and all together we expect the profit contribution from these activities to be stronger in our second half of the year.  Despite a tough economy, innovation continues to drive volume, sales, and profits. Our frozen business had another good quarter of share, net sales, and volume growth. While we have innovation in many categories, frozen is one category where we can really see the positive impact of fewer, bigger, better innovations and smart acquisitions. Healthy Choice dollar share was up almost a full point for the 13 weeks ending November 28 versus a year ago.  The new Healthy Choice steaming entrees are off to a good start after being launched in the first half, and we expect to see continued growth in the Caf Steamer line with the launch of four new Healthy Choice Asian flavors. We're restaging the current all-natural entrees into the steaming entre format for an even fresher delivery, and finally, we've had a very successful launch of Healthy Choice in Canada, where we entered the frozen segment this year with our steamer products. We're looking forward to doing more with our frozen portfolio in Canada.  We recently expanded Banquet, the ultimate in strong value branding, into a new category for us, frozen desserts, via the launch of Banquet fruit pies. Since then, we've seen strong growth added to the Banquet franchise that's adding both net sales and gross margin to the Banquet business. We intend to continue expanding the franchise to new occasions and day parts, with further innovation to capture more of the grocery dollars of the Banquet consumer.  Marie Callender's is one of our strongest, fastest growing major brands. We're winning in single-serve, expanding our share of multi-serve, and are growing in adjacent categories as well. This is one of our fastest-growing big brands, with organic sales posting a CAGR of 7% over the last five years. And with our recent acquisition of the Marie Callender's pie business, we expect this to accelerate to even stronger results.  As you know, we acquired the Marie Callender's dessert pie business earlier this year, and that acquisition is helping us pick up profitable volume and share in the frozen dessert category. This is a sizable business, which posted strong year-over-year growth in the heavy Thanksgiving season. Our new Marie Callender's Signature Bakes are also doing well, steadily picking up share and driving our strategy of growth in the frozen multi-serve category. Marie Callender's single-serve meals are continuing their strong performance to increase in share, volume, and net sales during the quarter behind new marketing and the launch of Marie Callender's Fresh Flavor Steamers. In fact, base volume is up over 10% for the quarter.  Our success is not just in frozen, however. Our Slim Jim business is recovering well, with significant gains in distribution and share approaching historical levels. Sales for Slim Jim were up 11% for the quarter. We took the opportunity during our manufacturing disruption to pair the Slim Jim SKUs to those that are the most profitable and we're doing more volume with less complexity. Looking ahead, in the new calendar year, we have exciting new Slim Jim innovation to keep the momentum going. Another big win for us is our nutrition, fruit, and snack bar business. This is a category where we play the leading role in store brands. As you know, we've added to this platform with our recent Elan acquisition. This category has been a great one for us, and we've had a strong rate of organic sales growth over the last few years. We have excellent customer relationships and significant expansion opportunities thanks to our innovation capabilities and supply chain excellence.  The last major operating point I'll make has to do with processing a higher quality potato crop. Lamb Weston finished processing and selling products made from last year's poor-quality potato crop during the second quarter. We're now past the old crop and into the new, higher quality one. Profits improved at Lamb Weston as the second quarter progressed, reflecting the fact that we'd begun processing the new crop. By quarter end, the operating efficiencies were reaching the planned run rate, and based on that trajectory, we're very pleased with the outlook for the second half. It's also encouraging that this is occurring when we're seeing restaurant traffic start to turn around. We seem to be past the worst of it, which bodes well for the Lamb Weston business.  We began running our sweet potato plant in Louisiana during the second quarter. This is one of the first new food plants in the country to incorporate best-in-class manufacturing technologies with LEED standards for environmentally sustainable construction. LEED stands for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design. The plant's sustainable design will help us conserve resources, cut waste, use less energy, and reduce our carbon footprint.  Sweet potato fries clearly have momentum, and are generating a lot of buzz in the food and mainstream media. That's due to the combination of great taste and a healthy halo. Americans' per-capita consumption of sweet potatoes is up 21% annually between 2004 and 2009. As you can tell, we're very excited about capitalizing on the opportunities in the sweet potato market now that our state-of-the-art plant is up and running. Wrapping up, we have several important factors that should result in a better second half, despite a continuing tough environment: net pricing underway in consumer foods and at Lamb Weston, strong supply chain savings, lower SG&A, the benefit of products introduced in the first half and the recent acquisitions that are gradually contributing more, and finally the new potato crop, which will provide a substantial swing in profitability for Lamb Weston in the second half.  We've already put this tough first half behind us, and are committed to delivering a stronger second half. As we've previously communicated, for the full fiscal year we expect yearly EPS growth to show a low single-digit rate over the comparable $1.74 we earned in fiscal 2010.  Looking out over the next couple of years, we're all clearly facing challenging economic conditions for some time to come, but here at ConAgra foods, we're confident that our stronger foundation, the value we deliver to consumers and customers, the capabilities we can leverage, and our organizational agility will serve us well and allow us to improve on this year's performance. We have a much stronger infrastructure to leverage great sales, marketing, innovation, customer service, and supply chain capabilities. They give us confidence in our ability to generate sustainable, profitable growth as we look ahead Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to John.
John Gehring: Thank you Gary, and good morning everyone. I'm going to touch on four topics this morning. I'll begin by addressing the $554 million of proceeds we received from the repayment of the payment in kind notes receivable, or PIK notes, related to the sale of our trading and merchandising business in June of 2008. Then I'll comment on our second quarter performance, including comparability matters. Next, I'll move on to cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items, and finally I'll share some comments on our updated outlook for fiscal 2011. Let me start by walking you through the various aspects of the PIK note repayment. On December 6, subsequent to quarter-end, we received $554 million from the early repayment of the remaining PIK notes associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations in June of 2008. We received payment in full for all outstanding principal and accrued interest. Overall, the repayment represents a terrific outcome for a very successful divestiture transaction. In the third quarter, we will record a pre-tax gain of approximately $25 million, or $0.04 per share, associated with this early repayment. With respect to the use of the $554 million of proceeds, our board has increased our share repurchase authorization by the amount of the proceeds, such that our total open authorization is now approximately $750 million.  We will forego approximately $40 million of interest income during the balance of 2011, and we expect that this lower interest income net of the benefit of planned share repurchases will negatively impact our full-year comparable earnings by approximately $0.03 to $0.04 per share.  We do not expect any material earnings dilution beyond fiscal 2011. To clarify, we expect the earnings dilution to be limited to the current year, and this is driven by timing. We missed out on interest income immediately, but the benefit of our planned share repurchases lagged by several months.  Now, I'll provide some comments on our second quarter performance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $3.2 billion, up 2%, driven principally by volume gains in both segments. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.45 versus $0.53 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.45, or 12% lower than the $0.51 from continuing operations in the prior year.  Next, I'll highlight a few key metrics for our consumer food segment. First, consumer foods net sales were $2.1 billion, up 1%. Base volume improvements and contributions from acquired businesses were partially offset by negative pricing and mix. New businesses net of divested businesses contributed approximately $53 million of net sales. And, for this quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on net sales.  Inflation and other changes to our cost base for the consumer foods business outpaced cost savings in the quarter. Our consumer foods supply chain cost reduction efforts continue to yield good results, and we delivered cost savings of approximately $80 million in the quarter. Further, we expect our programs to deliver in excess of $275 million for the year, which should help us battle higher inflation. On marketing, consumer foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $99 million, down approximately $11 million from the prior year. For the full year, we expect A&P to be down about 7% from the prior year as we shift the marketing mix in the current environment to focus more on trade and promotional activity. We also continue to prioritize investments behind our key brands and innovation initiatives and raise the bar on impact and return requirements for all marketing investment.  Turning now to commercial foods, net sales were $1.1 billion, up 3%. The increase was driven principally by stronger volumes across the segment. Overall, segment operating profit was down 16%. The decline was due principally to selling and processing last year's high-cost, low-quality potato crop at Lamb Weston, and to start-up costs at our new sweet potato plant in Delhi, Louisiana. Our mills business and other commercial units continue to perform well, although their operating profit was down slightly versus a very strong year-ago period.  For the total company, our core selling, general, and administrative expenses - which exclude items such as advertising and promotion incentives, commissions, royalties, and comparability items - were in line with our zero overhead growth goal for the quarter. We continue to challenge our team to control costs and to achieve high ROI on incremental G&A investment.  Corporate expenses for the quarter on a comparable basis were $88 million versus $100 million in the year-ago period. The reduction is driven by lower incentives. The tax rate for the quarter was 34%, and we also expect the full-year rate to be in the range of 34%. Overall, the net impact of comparability items in the quarter was immaterial.  Now, let's turn to cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items. First, we closed the quarter with $545 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowing. As a reminder, this cash balance does not include the PIK note proceeds received subsequent to the quarter end. Over the past couple of years, cash flow has been an area where the company's focus and consistent execution has really paid dividends, literally.  On operating cash flow, we expect to deliver in the range of $1.2 billion of cash flows from operating activities for the year, a very healthy amount by anyone's standards, and that is despite some earnings pressure and approximately $110 million of discretionary pension plan contribution that we made during the first quarter.  On working capital, through the first two quarters we have executed well on our working capital initiatives. While year-to-date working capital has been a use of cash, due principally to the seasonality related to crop-based inventories, for the full year we expect that working capital improvements in our base business will generate in the range of $100 million of cash flow from continuing operations.  Next, on capital expenditures, for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $82 million versus $123 million in the prior year. For the full year we expect cap ex to be approximately $500 million, down slightly from our previous estimate. And, as we've said before, the mix of our capital expenditures continues to shift away from infrastructure into more innovation.  Net interest expense was $34 million in the second quarter, versus $41 million in the prior year. Interest income from the PIK notes associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations was $19 million in the current quarter and $20 million in the year-ago period. Dividends for the quarter increased to $88 million from $84 million in the prior year.  Now let me update you on some capital allocation matters. First, during the quarter we repaid approximately $250 million of 7.875% notes that matured on September 15, 2010. Also during the second quarter, we acquired approximately 4.6 million shares for about $100 million under the $500 million share repurchase program that our board authorized during the third quarter of fiscal 2010. As I noted previously, with the additional board authorization related to the receipt of the PIK note proceeds, and considering the shares repurchased in the second quarter, our total open authorization is now approximately $750 million. In addition to share repurchases, we also remained focused on growth and profit enhancement investment, including new product introduction and capacity expansions such as our new sweet potato facility in Delhi, Louisiana. We also continue to pursue growth opportunities through acquisitions. We're very confident in our operating capabilities and our ability to add to the portfolio where there is a strategic fit and a good financial return. As we've previously noted, we look for acquisitions that drive growth in categories that align with our core competencies, help us leverage our existing infrastructure, and therefore enhance our efforts to optimize our portfolio. Now I'd like to share some comments on our updated fiscal 2011 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability, to grow at a rate in the low single digits from our 2010 base of $1.74 per share. Our updated 2011 earnings estimate reflects revenue growth in the low single digits; full-year cost savings in excess of $275 million in our consumer foods business; a continued focus on selling, general, and administrative cost controls and lower incentives; and an expected effective tax rate for continuing operations in the range of 34% for the full year.  Overall, for the reasons Gary detailed in his comments, we expect year-over-year EPS growth in the second half of the fiscal year, and given the timing of both pricing actions and expected share repurchases throughout the balance of the year, we do expect earnings to increase from Q3 to Q4, with growth in each quarter. That concludes my remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Paul Maass, our new president of the commercial foods segment, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it back over to the operator for our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. Now we'd like to get to an important part of today's call, taking your questions. [Operator Instructions.] And it looks like our first question today comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Two related questions. You mentioned that net pricing actions would result in some sort of a modest by acceptable volume hit. What sort of net pricing and volume reaction should we be thinking about, if you can give us some rough brackets? And then also, somewhat related to that, are you seeing signs in the marketplace today from some of these actions that are giving you comfort that this is only a modest volume hit? And then focusing on the frozen entrees area, it seems that that is one area where promotions continue and it looks like promotion effectiveness is almost alarmingly too high. In other words, it's encouraging folks to keep the promotion pedal to the metal. Do you see it that way in that particular category? Thanks.
Gary Rodkin: Well, David, that's a lot of questions, and I'll deal with the first part of it and then I'll turn it over to Andre to finish up. I would tell you that the key word here is "modest," so we are not looking at huge downward movement in our volume. We're being very smart with our pricing architecture and our strategies, but we are believing it is critically important to take net pricing actions, both in our list price in some products and our merchandising strategies in others given the intense commodity inflation. So we are willing to make that tradeoff, but we are being very judicious. You won't see major spikes up or down, either on pricing or on volume, but when it comes to making that tradeoff, we are willing to do so. Andre, want to fill in some more?
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I think the second part of your question was, as we've announced some of these increases, what have we seen to either give us comfort to the modest number that Gary mentioned, and I think so far based on what we're seeing in both the consumption [uptake] in syndicated channels we would say that the right word is modest. We haven't seen significant declines in our volume. I would say, though, that not all that pricing is through, and as you well know there's still timing that needs to happen for some of the merchandising to sort of flow through. The third part of your question was around frozen, and I will tell you a couple of things on frozen. One is that category historically, and I believe in the future, will continue to be a very promoted category. It is one where on average one of the major companies has something going on every week. I don't believe that's going to change. That's the nature of that category. What I do think we are going to do, based on some of the inflation that we're seeing, is we are going to continue to try to maintain the same level of frequency but the depth is something that we're going to have to come off of. So we're not going to be able to maintain the kind of depth of promotion, and therefore depth of pricing, that we've seen in the past because of the inflation. So the goal for us is to maintain the quality of merchandising that we do get, certainly at higher price points.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Two questions. One, just in terms of SG&A in the back half of the year, will advertising and marketing expenses be up or down in the back half of the year? What I'm trying to get at is are you going to try to support price increases with more advertising? How should we think about that?
Gary Rodkin: Our A&P dollars in the back half are actually down a bit. Not a lot, but down slightly. What I would tell you is that in the first half of the year, despite the fact our A&P dollars being down due to the vehicle media mix efficiencies, our impressions actually were up. So we are, again, willing to make a bit of this tradeoff. However, I would tell you that we're going to see net pricing increases so you're going to see it plus versus a year ago. We're not looking to subsidize with A&P cut.
Andre Hawaux: I would just add, to echo Gary's thoughts, our focus really has been around the news and the innovation and then really getting consumers to understand that change in terms of point of reference. So, as Gary alluded to earlier, the whole "time to savor" radio campaign we're doing with Marie Callender about the choices you have as a consumer to make. And so that's where our emphasis is. So we're putting good, solid dollars behind those programs.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: And then just unrelated but just maybe John could talk a little about in terms of share repurchase, what would cause you to consider maybe doing a more structured transaction like an ASR in terms of getting the share repurchases done sooner?
John Gehring: Well, what I'd tell you is we're going to evaluate all our options. We are very confident that we can deploy the proceeds from the PIK notes pretty quickly. We expect that to happen over the balance of the year and we're confident that the options available to us will enable us to do that as quickly as possible.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Citi Investment Research and David Driscoll.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: A couple of questions. The first one, just going on to the commercial side, Gary I'm not sure if in the quarter the higher potato costs were a negative variance relative to your guidance last quarter. It sounds like it was, meaning to say that you knew the potato crop was going to be a difficult one, but it was even more difficult than you thought. Can you talk about that a little bit? And then on the consumer side, can you guys - I don't think you said this, but can you just give us a magnitude as to what you expect to achieve in terms of net price increases in the back half of the year?
Gary Rodkin: I would tell you that the potato crop issue was more focused on yield, meaning the manufacturing efficiencies, and as it came out of storage being in tougher conditions than we expected it to be, and that was a primary issue that hit us harder than we thought it would in Q2. Fortunately, as we worked our way through the quarter as the new crop has started to come in, we are already seeing a significant turnaround. So that's behind us. And on the net pricing front, I would tell you, again, we're not looking at major spikes, but we will see, particularly as we get deeper into the second half, by the fourth quarter, we will see net sales increase versus a year ago. And that will be driven by the net pricing actions that we've talked about.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: One of the first points in your press release is how difficult the environment is, and you believe that you've taken this into account adequately in the back half of the year? Because a lot of folks are a little nervous after two guidance reductions that you're being maybe too optimistic given the fact that it's an environmental issue. How do you think about that?
Gary Rodkin: Well, I certainly think about it a lot. We all do. I think the most important point is to understand that this is not a ConAgra issue alone. We believe all of our competitors, all of our customers, are suffering from the same issues of pricing down and commodity costs significantly up, and that is not a sustainable strategy for anybody. So we do believe that we will see more rationality in the marketplace come the second half. We also have, as you know, easier overlaps, because last year's first half was stronger than the second half. So when I put that all together, again we believe this is the right, the appropriate, strategy. We've taken the tradeoff of, as I said, modest volume impact potentially into account and are comfortable and confident that this is the right way to go.
Operator: We'll move now to Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I wanted to ask you a little more detail. You talked about shoppers' just-in-time purchase intentions and how you view your level of promotions' effectiveness in this kind of environment. Do you see that shopping experience continuing in the back half? Can you just flesh that out a little bit?
Andre Hawaux: Let me take some of that. So as Gary mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see total supermarket trips over the last 13 weeks down about 2%. The biggest impact there has been this pantry stock-up occasion that is actually down 5% in terms of total trips. What we do see increasing are what we call quick trips. So those are quick trips that are typically significantly fewer items, and smaller dollar range. So basis that, we see that trend potentially continuing and what we're doing now is trying to make sure that we tie in a lot of our merchandising toward that quick trip mindset. So as Gary mentioned, we're taking a look very strongly at our multiple pricing and a lot of other merchandising vehicles that we currently use today in our arsenal and looking to make slight adjustments to that basis what we see the consumer patterns being.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: And that's going into effect right now or for the second half?
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I think we've got some merchandising things that are on the calendar that we're not going to take off, obviously, that have been planned months in advance, and we're going to continue those, but yes, absolutely, as our brand teams and our sales teams put together their plans into the new calendar year we're looking at all those elements.
Operator: We'll hear now from Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities: Gary, I'm wondering whether you could help me square away your comments that you made on the solid organic top line growth that you saw in your frozen portfolio with some of the commentary in the Q&A document showing that Banquet was down on a year-on-year basis in terms of sales and Healthy was down flat. And I guess as a follow up to that, I'm hoping that you could address whether you would perhaps need any further reverse engineering in pricing or in the Banquet product line like you had last time around in order to keep to that $1 or so promoted price point.
Gary Rodkin: I don't have the numbers at my fingertips, but I believe between Health Choice and Banquet that was around flat or close to flat. The big pluses were on Marie Callender's, so the net of the portfolio was a clear plus. And what was the second part?
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities: Last time around, when you had a much greater degree of price of commodity inflation you had a major restage of Banquet in which you kind of reverse engineered the product. Any risk that you won't be able to keep to $1 or so promoted price point this time around given the inflation in protein, packaging, oils, and other inputs?
Gary Rodkin: On Banquet in particular, it's become a way of life for that business, and we've looked out pretty far and are not intending to break that price point. We believe we've got the right margin structure, the right work underway, and the right mix so that we will continue to deliver great value on that product line.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and lastly you talked about the consumer reduction in stock-up trips and the changes in your merchandising mix reducing some of the multiples, 10 for 10s or 5 for 5s. It seems like some of those shopping behaviors have changed over not just the past quarter but the past six or nine months or so. I'm wondering just if you could give some color as to why it's taken so long to make some of the changes. Is it the commitments that you've made to retailers? Just wondering why you haven't been a little bit more nimble in reacting to and changing some of those pricings and merchandising strategies.
Andre Hawaux: I think it's a very good question. I think in some cases, I want to just be clear for those on the call, that not every brand doesn't respond to 10 for 10. There are places when, as we go through and dissect our portfolio, where that merchandising strategy actually does, believe it or not, still make sense with respect to some brands. We have a lot of brands in our portfolio and going through all of those systemically to determine which ones, based on our analysis on lift, will still work. And then, yes, you're absolutely accurate that we have some trade commitments and some merchandising commitments out there that we just unwind as they go through. So look to see a lot more change as we come out of that into the next part of the calendar year or the back half of our fiscal year.
Operator: And we'll take a question now from JP Morgan and Terry Bivens.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Just kind of a broader question on frozen, Gary maybe for you. We were looking at some of the Cannondale results. It's now - they have a different name. But if you look at the way Nestle is rated, it's not as good as it was and there's some thought that perhaps the retailers expected Nestle to invest more of these synergies from the pizza business to kind of drive the frozen category, which has clearly not performed well of late. What's your view on that? What do you think's likely to come down the pike next year as we look to the entire frozen case?
Gary Rodkin: Well, Terry, I believe that it's innovation and marketing that drive this category, and that's where we've focused our energies and that's what we'll continue to do. It's still a very very large category and you're right, it has gone through a bit of softness as we've entered this economic challenge, but we believe the same dynamics are going to drive this business, and that's what we're going to keep doing.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess a couple of questions. First, getting back to Dave Driscoll's question on the potato crop, is there something with this - and I know you've mentioned this in the past, so it isn't really news, but I'm just trying to understand given that obviously Heinz and Frito Lay have very big exposures to the potato crop, but they don't seem to be having an issue with it. Is it something with just where you buy it and your suppliers that's the problem?
Paul Maass: What I would tell you, and I'm not real sure what Heinz's model is, so I'm not going to comment on that. But what I can tell you about our business, and I really would reiterate what Gary was saying, there were two main drivers that were worse than we had anticipated, and one I would just define as shrink. The product didn't store well and as we came to the end of the crop we had probably more shrink loss than what we anticipated. And the second is really around manufacturing capabilities and inefficiencies caused by the poor quality. And the good news is we are through it. We're 100% transitioned to the new crop, and that does help build our confidence and optimism as we look forward.
Gary Rodkin: And I would also tell you that our primary market, food service, which is the big majority of our business, we've got a different set of competitors than the ones that you mentioned. Those are somewhat different dynamics than the retail side.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Understood. And then maybe this is more a question for Cagney, but I think you're still out there with kind of an 8-10% long-term growth target and we're all aware of what's going on within the industry. Were your cautious comments about some of the longer-term challenges at the moment? Should we kind of go towards the low end of that target at this point in terms of thinking about where you think the business is capable of growing in the coming years?
Chris Klinefelter : As we've shared before, our long-term target is 8-10% as you mentioned, and today there's no change or news on that. But just so that you and everybody else understands our planning cycle, shortly after the new year we'll be rolling up our strategic plans that cover the next few years, and that will allow us to discuss those plans and the expectations with Cagney. And that's a process we have every year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Like I said, I thought it would be more of a Cagney discussion anyway. And then just last one if I could. It seems as if there's kind of like a bifurcated consumer. The high end's doing seemingly pretty well. The low end is struggling. But despite that, it seems like a lot of your products are geared towards the lower to maybe low-middle income consumer and at the end of the day people have to eat. Are you kind of surprised that the volume performance of your portfolio overall isn't a bit stronger? Is it that the competitors are just being so promotional? It just strikes me as a surprise given some of your brands that it isn't more of a choice to make - your brand versus a private label alternative or something like that.
Gary Rodkin: You know, unemployment obviously hits the consumer very hard and we probably are more mid-market oriented. I think there's been a bit of a shock to the system. There will be an equilibrium that we reach at some point, whether it's this stock-up pantry inventory or however you want to look at it. We do believe that even after taking some net pricing actions that we will have a portfolio that continues to deliver outstanding value for the dollar, and it's up to us to make sure that we get full credit for it with the consumer and the customer and you're going to see us do more of that. So we do believe that we've got a portfolio that will play well in a tough environment, and I think you'll see that from us as we go forward.
Operator: We'll hear now from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just wanted to ask first about cost inflation, I guess to get a sense of how you to expect it to trend for the year. I don't recall you guys giving a formal estimate. But maybe you could talk about an estimate if you can or also to the degree to which you're hedged for the year?
John Gehring: I think for the balance of the year we see our total inflation probably being in the range of 5-6%. We do have a lot of coverage on the commodities where we can take hedges. Obviously some of our inputs are not hedgeable, but a pretty large percentage of our buy for the balance of the year we have covered.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and I think that would imply that in the second half the level of inflation would pick up a little bit from the first half. I guess I'm trying to understand if the gap versus cost savings is going to be any different in the second half of the year. So even though your cost savings are picking up, do you have more inflation as well that can kind of offset that?
John Gehring: We expect the gap between inflation and cost savings to get a little bit tighter, but the inflation's still going to be a formidable challenge up against the cost savings.
Gary Rodkin: And of course that's why we're taking the net pricing to more than make up for that little gap.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Sure, okay. And then my final question was on promotion and just trying to understand, after the first quarter you're going to remain promotional for the year. I know John, you mentioned that your promotional spending still would be up for the year. You were going to shift some advertising to promotion. Yet you also want to take pricing. I'm just trying to put all of that together and say, is promotional spending net-net going to be down in the second half of the year, however you measure that?
Gary Rodkin: You know, it's not really an either-or. It's an and. Again, our net pricing is a combination of list price and merchandising strategies, so we are all about the balancing act. And we believe we've got it right given our insights, our merchandising strategies, our pricing architecture. So it's all about the balance.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And for a couple quarters now you've had what seems to be - and this goes for all the companies - pretty weak lift from promotion. Would you characterize the second quarter the same way?
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I'd say that again, it's not one-size-fits-all, because there's some areas where we actually saw promotion effectiveness okay, but I think by and large, overall on the portfolio, yeah, we did not see the level of lift that we're accustomed to with the same kind of merchandising activity year-over-year. And that gets back to what the consumer's doing in terms of less stocking up.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Morgan Stanley and Vincent Andrews.
Jackie - Morgan Stanley: Hi, this is Jackie [inaudible] in for Vincent. Just wondering if you could comment in terms of the incentive compensation tailwinds how we should be thinking about the magnitude of that this year? You called out this morning that lower incentive comp is obviously going to be a tailwind for fiscal 2011. So just wondering how we can be thinking about the magnitude of that tailwind from an EPS perspective.
Gary Rodkin: I'm really not in a position to get into specifics. I guess from a macro level I think it's important for people to remember that last year we outperformed our targets for the year so we were paying higher incentives this year. Obviously we're in a position to be below our targets. I don't want to get into specific dollars, but it will be a significant, sizable difference.
Jackie - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you. And if I could just ask one followup on Banquet, are there any sort of channel-specific trends that you're seeing, perhaps in how measured versus non-measured channels are performing there?
Andre Hawaux: No, I think across the board, certainly on the volume side for Banquet, we've been very pleased across the board, so no difference necessarily between what I'd call measured channels and IRI type things and non-measured channels. The performance of that business is very well, and we've been very pleasantly surprised with how strong our fruit pie business has been as well.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Two questions. For Andre, I was a little unclear. These changes you're making to your promoted price point strategy, do you feel like you were leading or following in that category. And I ask that because it is highly competitive and it matters what your competitors do there in response. And then second, when I look at the portfolio split up between convenient meals like frozen, Chef Boyardee, and maybe even like Manwich, and then a lot of the portfolio was kind of like enhancers for cooking at home. And I look at your core consumer and there must be a lot of unemployment, a lot of food stamps, and I'm just wondering if you're seeing maybe more strength in enhancers that are used to cook meals for the whole family and maybe relatively more weakness in convenient meals that are served just one person at a time.
Andre Hawaux: So just for clarification, your first question was around specifically on things that we're doing in frozen, is that correct?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Right. Are you leading in your decisions to go from 10 for 10 in certain areas to something -
Andre Hawaux: I don't know exactly what my competitive set is doing account by account, but I can tell you there that we are in fact on frozen leading in terms of changing that promotion depth. Our frequency is staying where we want it to be, but we'll be taking the depth off the promotion there. And I've got to believe, from my perspective, as I look at our input costs there around things such as proteins that Gary alluded to before, that that is actually the smart thing and the prudent thing to do in that space. The second part of your question was around as we look at our pillars, what we define as our pillars, between convenient meals frozen, and convenient meals shelf-stable, and things like meal enhancers, would you look at the consumer eating at home more, using more ingredient type things to cook, and while that's true, and we've seen a drop-off, and seen some correlation between unemployment and what's happening to single-serve meals frozen and single-serve convenient meals shelf-stable, we've not seen the commensurate pick up again in the meal enhancer business. Part of that, I think, on the dollar side, is the fact that there's very little to no inflation, actually a little bit less in tomato, so that meal-enhancer business for us is really anchored by Hunt's tomatoes. We're seeing decent velocity in that Hunt's continues to gain share, but we're just not seeing the dollars move through as we initially thought in that space. And a lot of that gets back to, I think, that stock-up occasion and we're also seeing pretty heavy competitive responses in pasta sauce, which, again, is a pretty big category for us as well, where we see some of the mid-tier players playing at a fairly high value.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Right. You think that your competitors in the protein-based frozen meals will probably do the same things that you're going to do. What if they don't?
Andre Hawaux: I think our strategy is the one - I believe it's prudent based on, as we look at our financial algorithm going forward the balance of the year and beyond as we see inflation, and I really can't comment on what our competitors are going to do or not do.
Gary Rodkin: And I would also mention that our customers would benefit from some turnaround in the pricing in this large category as well. We've heard that and what's happening in the category from a pricing standpoint today is not a healthy thing for anybody.
Operator: We'll hear now from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: I just had a question around the cash on the balance sheet and capital allocation direction for the next couple quarters, probably it sounds like Q1 of fiscal 2012. But you said earlier today I guess there's about $750 million left in the share repurchase authorization, plus it looks like there was a little bit of bump in your short-term maturities on the debt. I know at year-end you had $260 [million]. Looks like now you're around $350 [million]. And I know this is simplistic, but if I just combine the $750 [million] and the $350 [million], I'm at around $1.2 billion in cash from ops. So I was kind of curious if you could just kind of walk through how you are thinking about that actual $1 billion plus it sounds like you could still have at the end of the year on the balance sheet. Is most of that really just going to the share repo and then the paydown of the short-term debt, or is there potential to potentially term that debt a little bit longer, or what?
John Gehring: Let me see if I can take that in a couple of pieces. First of all, I think as I commented in my original comments and I think in some responses to questions, the $554 million from the PIK note proceeds, we do expect to deploy that in a share repurchase program, and we would expect at this point to be able to execute that over the final two quarters of our fiscal year, which ends in May. We have about $200 million of additional authorization, which I commented on. Again, we will look for opportunities to deploy that over the next several quarters. The $350 million of debt maturities you referenced, I believe that comes due in the fall of calendar 2011, and again at this point I don't know that we've fully committed to whether we'll refinance that or pay it off. The one thing I would want to remind you of is that we are also looking at other growth opportunities from a capital allocation standpoint and we'd like to be able to retain some flexibility to be able to execute on those opportunities as we see them come available.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Okay great. And then I'm just curious as to as we look forward and we think about an increase in capacity and cap ex spend more toward the growth side, is it fair to think or assume that any of that would potentially be going to private label? Obviously your snack bar business has done well. Some could argue that snack bars has taken some share away from other simple meal categories. Would you expect that your cap ex would be tilted more next year or this year to private label capacity relative to last year, or no?
Gary Rodkin: I don't know that I can look that far ahead. Obviously, our bar business has done well. We have put a significant amount of capital behind that. I think as we move forward we're going to look at any and all opportunities through the same lens and those that create the most value for our shareholders, whether they're in private label or somewhere else, will be the ones where the dollars go.
Operator: And we have a question now from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Gary, I just wanted to come back to you with more of a big-picture question. Since 2010 seems to be characterized as a year where we got off to a good start in the first quarter and then things started to fall apart across the grocery store with pretty much category after category getting promotional to a much greater extent than the commodity environment otherwise suggested they should have. Everybody said that they haven't seen the volumes. What's your opinion as to what catalyzed this? What caused this whole sector to kind of go wrong? And then how does it all get back on track and what are your retail partners saying to you about the events of 2010 and looking into 2011?
Gary Rodkin: You know, it will be purely my conjecture, but I really do believe, as we got into 2010, that the consumer settled into what they see as a long-term economic malaise if you will, versus it being just like a normal, fairly short-term recession and snap-back. So I think people started to truly change their behaviors. We've talked about things like the stock-up being less, more just-in-time inventory. We had customers, retailers responding to this by trying to drive foot traffic with more and more deeper discounting. And I think everything reaches a point of equilibrium. The good thing is people have to eat, and I don't think people are consuming fewer calories than they have historically. So some of it's just about getting past the worst of it, which I think you're going to start to see. And then part of it is at some point everybody has to be more rational in understanding when your costs are up as much as they are you cannot sustain those kinds of margin pressures, whether you're a retailer or a manufacture for the long-term health of your business. So when you put all of those things together, I think we'll hopefully look back at 2010 and say the worst is behind us.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments. Chris Klinefelter Thank you. This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods, and happy holidays.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-09-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin - CEO Andr Hawaux - President, Consumer Foods John Gehring - CFO Chris Klinefelter - VP, IR
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. This is Gary Rodkin and I'm here with Andr Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, Andr, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter, but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: As you can see from the release, comparable EPS was $0.34. We revised yearly EPS growth expectations to 5% to 7% and we raised our dividend 15%. Consumer Food sales were down 2% and operating profit was down 14% as reported. And Commercial Foods segment profits were also down. That's up a quarter, but not reflective of our current expectations for the full fiscal year or beyond. It goes without saying that we are not pleased with the quarter's EPS. We have already implemented course-correcting actions to improve the overall year, and you'll hear about those actions over the next few minutes. I want to use our time this morning to give you a deeper insight into our first quarter, and more clarity on our outlook for the rest of the year. I'll get into some specifics as will John, and I've asked Andr to share some of his perspective on the consumer business as well. As I indicated, Q1 was definitely tougher than we planned for. The degree and depth of promotional activity was greater than expected, and inflation outpaced cost savings. And while we knew we would have some carryover profitability issues in Lamb Weston due to last year's poor potato crop and the soft restaurant industry, those costs were more than expected. Given that we have been implementing changes to course-correct and deliver good EPS growth this year, the actions we've taken and will continue to take give us confidence in our ability to improve results in the second half of the year and beyond. This is a stronger ConAgra Foods, and because of that fact, we are very confident we have the foundation including robust innovation, marketing that resonates productivity, and the brands to generate solid earnings growth this year. Let's talk more about this quarter, starting with the macro environment for Consumer Foods. Our Q1 represented a very challenging marketplace. The strong, deal-seeking mindset consumers developed earlier in the recession has become the new normal. As consumers continue to tighten their purse strings and whittle down their pantries, retailers and manufacturers have discounted more heavily to re-energize sales. We saw softness in some of our key categories despite higher trade costs which impacted our margins and profits. This downward turn in the market environment exacerbated a Q1 that we had planned to be our softest comparison for F '11. We planned for a softer Q1 because of the following factors. One, the potato crop issue I already mentioned; two, our net cost savings, meaning productivity above and beyond inflation would be skewed to the back half of F '11 versus the first half of F '10. And three, our Consumer Foods new product introductions coming late in the quarter compared to last year when they were launched just prior to the beginning of Q1. This meant we absorbed the expense this quarter but not the volume deficit. Because the negative impact of these three factors are specific to Q1 and because our SG&A costs in the back half would be lower, we have a high degree of confidence that our results will improve significantly, particularly in the second half. So how will we navigate in an environment like this one? In a nutshell, our focus is on bringing value based innovation, the right marketing and promotion strategies, and accelerating productivity. We understand the changed marketplace, and our portfolio is capable of succeeding in it. I believe as we go forward that winning food manufacturers will be those who can deliver highly relevant messaging and innovation wrapped in a very strong price value equation. We're pretty certain that the more intent value mindset of consumers is here to stay. The food industry, both manufacturers and retailers will not win by continuously dropping prices. Value does not just mean achieve a price; it's much more holistic. We're responding to this environment by accelerating our efforts to better leverage the inherent value of our portfolio. What do I mean by the inherent value of our portfolio? I mean the already built-in bundle of benefits, a great deal for the brand user at the normal price points like banquet meals for a dollar or snack pack pudding for $0.25 per cup. I could give you many examples, but the point is we are working with our retail partners on pricing architecture and pricing thresholds for better overall top and bottomline results. Sometimes the inherent value is locked up in specific nutritional benefits that we need to market more directly like a healthy choice for egg beaters. Or it might be superior quality like Hunt's Tomatoes or Hebrew National hot dogs. Net-net, we are working toward leveraging a portfolio that we know delivers great price value in a more meaningful way. That's how we'll succeed as we go forward. And that's how we're working our innovation strategy; starting with the price form we know works for consumers and working backward to meaningful new products that are compelling. Banquet fruit pies are one example where we're leveraging existing infrastructure and making a play in an adjacent category and seeing strong early results. Healthy Choice Lunch Steamers launched in August move us more into the frozen entree lunch occasion and deliver a great price value, particularly compared to lunch alternatives. Our Marie Callender steaks are another new item off to a good early start, these meals are an incredible value for the consumer and are built on robust abilities and throes at insights, innovation, manufacturing and marketing give us a stronger position in multi-serve meals. Andr will talk a bit more about our consumer business including the frozen category. But let me just emphasize that we believe our innovative new products and our compelling price value equation will be positive differentiators for us. As we've said before our strategy is to make a significant difference with fewer bigger and better innovations; frozen categories is a good example of that. During our Q1, we were able to grow share in the category despite the heavy competitive discounting. We are starting to see some improving trends from the last four to six weeks of syndicated sales data. And our consumer food shipment trends have also broadly and gradually improved over the past six to eight weeks. While we obviously had our challenges given the quarter's performance for commercial foods, there are also some encouraging signs in this segment. Lamb Weston delivered topline growth this quarter. And the signs are that the restaurant industry has started to pick up again. Our new sweet potato facility in Louisiana will begin ramping up production in October. And will help us capitalize on that growing portion of our business. Along with the dynamics of a more normal crop just coming into production; we're optimistic we're having a much improved second half at Lamb Weston. Sales for ConAgra Mills declined in the quarter. Primarily a reflection of lower pass-through process on wheat, but profitability was very strong. We're confident that year-over-year profitability will increase for the commercial segment with that progress coming in the second half of the year. While we clearly have a high sense of urgency on our near term challenges, we continue to keep a long term prospective. One of the ways we're demonstrating that in our Commercial Food segment, I just mentioned was the investment in our new sweet potato plant, that's indicative of our firm commitment to ongoing reinvestment in growth across ConAgra Foods. One of the ways we're demonstrating this long term commitment in our Consumer Food segment is in our A&P, our advertising and promotion plans this year. We plan to keep our A&P spend in line with last years levels. While due cuts may tempting as a short term fix for profitability, we're choosing to continue making smart infrastructure, marketing and innovation investments for the sustainable health of the business. In summary, Q1 was a difficult quarter for a number of reasons. And we've taken action based on our learnings. We believe the rest of the year will still have its challenges and the economy will continue to force consumers and customers to be very value conscious for example. But on the positive side, we do expect to see a more rational promotional environment for the next several months, particularly given commodity costs and margin pressures in the industry. To be clear, we're not expecting an easy competitive environment, but we do think inflating will cause some of the recent promotional intensity to lessen. And as we said in the release, we expect the second quarter to fall a bit below last year. But we are set up for a good strong EPS growth in the second half of F11. And we will turn in a respectable number for full fiscal year '11 because one; our volume and margins of Lamb Weston will improve as the new crop in sweet potato production come on board. 2; we believe our gradually improving volume in Consumer Foods will continue and we will benefit from our recent new product launches as well as some new items coming in the back half. Three; we'll also benefit from contributions from our recent acquisitions Elan and American Pie. 4; our cost savings will be stronger later in the year. And for the year, we'll meet or exceed our goal helping us better offset increasing inflation. 5; our SG&A will come down, due in large part to reduced incentive costs. 6; our quarterly comparables will become easier particularly in Q4. And of course we'll have some leverage from our share repurchases. Because of the change to dynamics in the marketplace, we thought it would be helpful to have Andr share his perspective on the Consumer business as well as some examples of what we're doing to operate with these consumer dynamics in mind.
Andr Hawaux: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Let me take a couple of minutes to give you a more granular view of Consumer Food's results and outlook. As you heard from Gary and saw in our release, aside from the timing and acceleration of cost saving, we expect innovation and more effective promotional strategies to drive improvements in our back half. Let me use examples in our Frozen and our Snacks platform to give you a better sense of what we expect. Our goals in Frozen are straight forward. First, we want to win in Single-Serve, where today we have plus 30 shares. Two, we want to establish the position in the fast growing Multi-Serve segment. And three, we want to capture strategic (adjencies), such as appetizers and desserts. While we weren't satisfied with our Frozen performance in Q1, we made good progress towards our long term goals. We gained share in single Serve-Meals led by Banquet, a brand clearly built for these times. Banquet grew share, grew volume, gross margin and profit in Q1. In Single-Serve, the Healthy segment was the most challenging by far for the following reasons: aggressive competitive discounting, flat merchandising activity versus a year ago. And we invested significantly in slotting to support our new lunch steamer platform which shipped at the end of the quarter. We believe the balance of the year will show solid Single-Serve results driven by the strength of the Banquet brand, innovation, both Lunch Steamers and the Marie Callender steam fresh meals. More effective merchandising programs enabled by the broadening of our portfolio, especially in entrees, where we now have critical scale. New break-through marketing campaigns which are just kicking off. And cost that are essentially front loaded in Q1 and Q2 for slotting and marketing launch expenses. This quarter we also launched our first significant foray into Multi-Serve Frozen meals wit Marie Callendar signature bakes. It's a wonderful product that leverages technology to produce oven baked classics with the convenience of microwave cooking. Trade acceptance has been very good, and we're already at solid levels of ACP distribution. The marketing campaign trial vehicles and media are just starting under the theme of time to savor. We feel very good about prospects in Multi-Serve Frozen. Finally, with the respect to strategic adjencies our Banquet Fruit Pies are off to a strong start. We also feel very good about our acquisition and integration of American Pie and the contribution it will make to our Frozen business. Now given some of the upfront and M&A related cost, this new platform will be a more significant profit contributor for Q2 and beyond. So net-net, lots of solid progress on our long term goals. We made significant investments in slotting for new items and new marketing campaigns. And have solid merchandising plans in place. I feel very good about the balance of the year in the Frozen segment. We turn now to snacks. I want to share a few highlights with you on some of our brands in this pillar. Our Slim Jim recovery has been better than planned with our SKU showing better velocities than before the Garner accident. We've also regained our entire lost share and continue to build out our distribution and ramp up our supply chain capacity. In shelf-stable pudding, Snack Pack is up over 4% for the past 13 weeks. Three of the four points are coming from base, not promotions which is a very positive sign. Our store brand cereal bar business continues to grow at double digits, which validates our Elan acquisition even more. Not only does Elan acquisition give us additional capacity, it also gives us capabilities beyond cereals and food and grain bars. Now, despite this good news, popcorn continues to be a tough category story. We're putting in place programs to reverse these trends. We have a three pronged strategy to address both the short and long term issues based on this business. The first is very tactical as we get our pricing architecture right and focus our sales teams on feature and display execution. Secondly, in the mid term we are looking to capture key holidays and locking in promotional partners such as Red Box to bring excitement not just price promotion to this category. We have an innovative Pop & Win promotion slated for the holidays. This is something that was extremely successful with us in Canada where Orville Redenbacher's enjoyed a strong share and is growing. The third prong is long term innovation, which we believe will play a key roll. For competitive reasons, I won't discuss this in great detail other than to say that you'll see something from us in the back half of the year. And the quarter ended August 29, all outlet share review we have seen progress with our popcorn business and believe this will continue with the programs I have just described. Let us summarize, I feel good about the back half of the year in Consumer Foods for three reasons. One, we will have the full effect of our innovation in the back half of the year. We will be adjusting our promotional activities to reflect the new retail and consumer environment that Gary talked about. We also see acceleration of cost savings helping us more in the back half. Hopefully, this provides some context for our performance and has given you some inside direction of the Consumers business for the balance of the year. I'd now like to turn this over to John Gehring our CFO, John.
John Gehring: I'm going to touch on five topics this morning. I'll begin with our first quarter performance. Next, I'll address comparability matters. And then comment on portfolio changes. Then, onto cash flow, capital and balance sheet items. And finally, I'll share some comments on our updated outlook for Fiscal 2011. Starting with our first quarter performance, for the quarter we reported net sales of $2.8 billion, down 2% driven by softness in the Consumer segment and the impact of lower wheat prices in our flour milling operations. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.32 versus $0.37 in the year ago period. Adjusting for items impact in comparability fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.34. While Gary and Andr have addressed the Consumer segment results in some detail, I would like to touch on a few key metrics. First Consumer Food net sales were $1.8 billion down 2%. Inflation for our Consumer Food business in the quarter was up from prior year slightly over 5%, and a bit more than our expectations. Our Consumer Food supply chain cost reduction efforts continue to yield good results, and we delivered cost savings of approximately $60 million in the quarter. And we expect our programs to deliver in the range of $275 million for the year consistent with our previous estimates. Overall, Consumer Foods gross margin percentage was down about one point due to pricing pressure and inflation. On Marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was $88 million down $7 million from the prior year. The decrease potentially reflects timing differences versus the prior year. For the full year we expect A&P to be inline with prior year as we continue to prioritize investment behind our key brand, and our innovation and initiatives. For this quarter, foreign exchange had an immaterial impact on net sales, and contributed approximately $10 million of operating profit to the Consumer Foods segments results. Also for this quarter, new businesses net of divested businesses contributed $29 million of net sales, but have an immaterial impact on operating profit. Turning now to our Commercial Food segment, net sales were $993 million or down 3%. The decrease was driven primarily by the impact of lower wheat cost in our flour milling business. At our Lamb Weston business, however, net sales were up 2% on stronger volumes. Overall, segment operating profit was down 17%. The decline was due principally to the unfavorable product cost in our Lamb Weston business resulting from a high cost poor quality potato carried into the year. Operating profit for the balance of the segment was up slightly; as our Mills business performed well with continued strong operating profit. For the total company, selling, general and administrative expenses were down $23 million on a comparable basis driven by lower incentives and our continued focus on cost control. Corporate expenses for the quarter on a comparable basis were $78 million versus $93 million in the year ago quarter. The reduction relates principally to lower incentives. The tax rate for the quarter was 32% slightly below our estimated four year rate of 34%. Moving to portfolio changes, we completed several transactions during the past quarter that support our portfolio optimization objectives. First, we closed our acquisition of the asset of American Pie, which produces Frozen Dessert Pies under the Marie Callenders and Claim Jumper brands. We funded the purchase price of approximately $130 million out of cash on hand. This business provides us a strategic adjacency to our core frozen platform. We also closed on the sale of the Gilroy Foods & Flavors dehydrated vegetable business to Olam International. Proceeds from this transaction were approximately $250 million. As we go forward, we will continue to look for additional growth and portfolio improvement opportunities. Now I move to my third topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.02 per diluted share of net expense in this quarter related to two items. First, hedging; for the quarter, net hedging loss included in corporate expense was $6 million or $0.01 per share. In addition, we incurred $8 million or $0.01 per share of restructuring charges related to the relocation of our meat snacks production from Garner North Carolina, to Troy, Ohio. And the relocation of administrative functions principally related to our snacks business from Edina, Minnesota to an existing office facility in Naperville, Illinois. Now, let's turn to cash flow capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First, we closed the quarter with over $800 million of cash on hand, and no outstanding commercial payable borrowings. On cash flow, we continue to emphasize cash flow within our business. And we expect to deliver strong operating cash flow in the range of $1.1 billion for the year, down slightly from our previous estimate of $1.2 billion. This decrease is due mainly to our decision to make approximately $110 million of discretionary pension plan contributions during the first quarter. On working capital, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. The first quarter reflects a slight use of cash for working capital due principally to the seasonal nature of our businesses. However, for the full year, we still expect that working capital improvement in our base business will generate in the range of $100 million of cash flow from continuing operations. Next on capital expenditures; for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $129 million dollars versus $117 million in the prior year. For the full year, we expect CapEx to be approximately $525 million. This amount includes outlays related to the recovery of our Meat Snacks business, which we expect to be substantially funded by insurance proceeds as well as expenditures related to our new Sweet Potato Plant. And as we said before, the mix of our capital expenditures continues to shift away from infrastructure into more innovation and growth investments. Net interest expense was $37 million in the first quarter versus $41 million in the prior year. Interest income from the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations was $18 million in the current quarter and $20 million in the year ago period. We remain very comfortable with the collectibility of these notes. Dividends for the quarter increased to $88 million from $85 million in the prior year. And as I previously noted, during the first quarter we contributed approximately $110 million to our pension plans. Now, let update you on some capital allocation matters. First, we remain committed to a top-tier dividend payout, in that regard. And reflecting the confidence in our ability to generate strong cash flows, our Board has recently approved a $0.03 per share or 15% increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.20 to $0.23 per share effective with the December payments. In addition, during the first quarter, we acquired approximately 4.2 million shares or about $100 million under the $500 million share repurchase program that our Board authorized during the third quarter of fiscal 2010. We have approximately $300 million remaining under this program. We also remain focused on growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product introductions and capacity expansions. And we also continue to pursue acquisitions that meet our established criteria. Finally, subsequent to quarter end, we repaid approximately $250 million of 7.875% notes that matured on September 15, 2010. Now, I would like to share some comments on our updated fiscal 2011 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share adjusted for items impacting comparability to grow at a rate of 5% to 7% from our 2010 base of $1.74 per share. Beyond fiscal 2011, we remain committed to our long term financial goals which include annual EPS growth of 8% to 10%. Our updated 2011 earnings estimate reflects revenue growth in the range of 2% versus our original expectation of 3%. And for fiscal 2011, we are on track to deliver approximately $275 million of cost savings in our consumer business. The outlook also reflects a continued focus on selling, general and administrative cost control, and an effective tax rate for continuing operations in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat quarter-to-quarter. By segment, we expect earnings for the full year and our Consumer Food segment to be in line with the prior year with back half earnings growth offsetting first half weakness. And in our Commercial Food segment, we expect earnings growth in the full year to be in the mid-single digits reflecting both revenue recovery and improved product cost in our Lamb Weston business, as well as continued strong performance in our meals business. In developing our revised outlook, we have reviewed all of the key factors and variables of our business plans. And as we noted previously we expect EPS growth to be concentrated in the second half of the fiscal year. As Gary noted, there are several key factors which contribute to this timing, but which also support our confidence in achieving our revised earnings targets. Let me touch on these factors. First, in our consumer food segment, we expect cost savings to accelerate over the balance of the year. We also expect meaningful contributions from our new products introductions. In addition, our recently acquired businesses Elan and American Pie will contribute to earnings growth over the balance of the year. In our Commercial segment, as you've heard us say, at Lamb Weston the poor quality crop that we carried into this year is a significant burden to our first quarter results. We are substantially through the old crop now and the early indications are that the new crop is much better. So while the first quarter comparison to prior year was negatively impacted, we expect that the current fourth quarter to compare slight favorably to the prior year fourth quarter, which was significantly burdened by the same poor crop issues. Also, we are seeing positive trend lines as on the topline at Lamb Weston, which should contribute to improve year-over-year performance. At the corporate level, several items will drive favorability over the balance of the year, particularly in the back half of the year, including lower incentive cost, lower interest cost and leverage from share repurchases. Overall, while we have no illusions about the difficulty of the current environment, we believe that our balance of the year business plans reflect both the challenges we face and a realistic view of the results that we will be able to achieve. And finally, on our Garner insurance claim, to date we have received approximately $100 million in connection with our insurance claim. And we currently expect to settle our insurance claim during fiscal 2011. That concludes my remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Andr Hawaux and Rob Sharpe will be happy to take your questions. However, I will now turn it back over to Gary for some brief final comments before our Q&A session.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, John. I just want to close with a couple of key points. Make no mistake about it, I am disappointed in our performance in Q1 and we have already and will continue to make adjustments. But I am confident in our outlook based on the strong foundation we've built and our ability to operate in this environment. To start, the year gets progressively better because we're lapping easier comparables. We have greater SG&A and productivity savings coming and because we'll have a commercial profit issue behind us. More importantly though I'm confident in the quarters and years ahead, because our brands and fundamentals are sound and our efficiencies and cost savings keep getting better and better. We have the wherewithal and the ability to adjust to changing marketplace dynamics. And we will always do what we believe is in the best for the long-term health of ConAgra Foods. Thanks for joining us and I'll turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Bank of America, Bryan Spillane.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just a couple of questions. First, just so I'm clear, what was different in the first quarter relative to what your expectations were going in? How much of it was that your cost inflation was higher than you thought, and how much of it is, if I'm hearing it right, that the price points that you had on your merchandizing at least in some products just weren't low enough relative to where your competitors were?
John Gehring: I would say I'm going to comment on the first part and then ask Gary to comment on the second piece. Clearly in the first quarter, I'd say two things on the cost side that were probably worse than our expectations, one would be inflation, was probably just north of 5%. And I think when we came into the year, we're looking at that number being more in the range of 4%. And then also I would tell you that the crop issue in Lamb Weston, the quality of that crop deteriorated probably even further and faster than we had anticipated. We knew we had a problem, but the crop did not hold even as well as we though as we ran out the rest of it. I'll turn it back to Gary for the comments on pricing.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Bryan, I'd say the good consumer behavior is a little bit further in a more cherry picking and more, or I should say, lower inventory or less stock up behavior. So it really was a more challenging Q1 from a consumer standpoint than we had anticipated. Customers are really driving food traffic with aggressive discounting, sometimes extremely low prices for major brand names. This is not how we want to do business, but sometimes your hand is forced to sustain the game. A good example is our frozen business where there were more and deeper deals this summer than we've seen in the last two years. When deals are layered on top of more deals, the ultimate effectiveness is going to be reduced, particularly when the consumers as I said are not stocking up as much. Though net-net, we spent more than we planned to, and didn't get as much for it, but we do believe this is going to abate in the next few months for two key reasons, one, that the commodity costs like proteins and grains, which impact margins will bring more rationality. And two, this consumer pantry deloading is going to bottom out as consumers work through their own inventory pipelines.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So Gary, when you talk about adjusting your merchandizing I guess for the balance of the year, is it that you're going to promote somehow differently than you did in the first quarter? I'm just trying to get a sense for what's going to change in the back of the year, what you're doing that's going to be different in the back of the year.
Andr Hawaux: Let me try and touch on that. I think those are several things that we're looking at right now, some of which as Gary mentioned we've already put into place. But couple of things; one is, we need to look at what's working and not working relative to this notion of multiples. You see multiples a lot. You see given are out there, and given that you see consumer behavior being different relative to stock up and cherry picking, we have to take a look at that. We see some movement right now to where people are going to single price points as opposed to multiples, and if not, they're certainly reducing their ten for tens to maybe five for fives and things like that. So we have to take a look at that to see what ultimately benefits the list. We also have to take a look at some frequency in some of the categories. And then we need to take a look at certain key price points and what still makes sense in the new environment.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Couple of questions. The first one is, the quarter I think was light by about a about a nickel. Your full year guidance is down by a nickel. Is it correct to say that the remaining three quarters are unchanged, and if so, why? Just conceptually it seems as if the promotional intensity is still quite high. So can you just kind of reconcile the factors?
John Gehring: David, your math is about right. I wouldn't project quarter-by-quarter. We've talked about the growth coming in the second half, but the basic math is right and we do believe there are a number of things that give us a high degree of confidence in the back half. We talked about the Lamb Weston issue. As we already know, that's going to improve the new crop and the sweet potatoes come on board. We are seeing signs in our consumer foods that the volume is gradually improving, and we'll get the benefit of the recent new product launches and there's more to come in the back half. We've got our acquisitions. The recent acquisition, the American Pie, clearly the math is much better on our cost savings which are stronger later in the year, which will more than offset inflation in the back half. We talked about our SG&A coming down in the back half, and you clearly know that the comparables are much easier in the back half. So when we put that all together, it gives us a very high degree of confidence in what our guidance is.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: I just have one other question on Consumer Foods. In the press release, Gary you said "unit market share has improved". However, Consumer Foods volume was down 3%. So what was the comparable volume figure for your categories, and how do you explain such weak growth overall?
Gary Rodkin: It's really about this stocking up kind of behavior where consumers are going to a bit more, I'd say, call it 'just in time inventory'. So they are deloading their pantries and their refrigerators and not buying as much each trip. So clearly, there is an adjustment taking place. Andr, maybe more specifics?
Andr Hawaux: Well, I think two things David. Just to make sure we're talking apples-to-apples here, on the one matter you're talking about our share performance. Some of our categories were significantly down, and we gained share in them because we were down less than the categories if you will. The other piece that you referenced also is our volume. That we also shared in the release also includes what we actually shipped. So there are two different numbers, one is share, and that's consumption and what consumer offtake is, and the other is our volume shipment. But the largest piece of the gain in share piece was driven by the fact that a lot of our categories are down and we were not down as much in some of those categories and we did pick up share.
Operator: We'll move now to Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: In speaking about your revised top line growth of about 2% for the full year in consumer, that clearly implies a pretty big recovery at over 3% for the balance of the year going forward. So I'm just trying to get a sense of your visibility to that how realistic that is in the current environment. And then when you think about changes in your promotional strategy, and given categories, how much of your merchandising activity at this stage is really all kind of locked in for a good six months or so, and how realistic is it that you can actually change these things, as you talked about course-correcting kind of intra-quarter?
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, I'd tell you, we are already seeing signs of improvement, certainly in our shipments over the last six or eight weeks, and also in some of our all outlet consumption. So we're starting to see signs of bending that trend. You know that obviously lower and lower prices are not good for us, and they're not good for compotators, and they're not good for retailers. What we really need to do is define this price value as much more than just lower prices. We believe that we've got a portfolio that can resonate with a broader group of consumers, particularly in this kind of environment, brands that can meet the needs of shoppers that may not currently be buying our products or buying as much. And it's up to us to make that connection with more direct functional benefits for our packaging, our advertising, our in-store merchandising, targeted innovation, and that's what we are really doing is, is talking about working on, and not just talking about doing it, bringing the inherent value in our products to life in a more meaningful way. Obviously, merchandising is a part of that. Andr, you want to comment on that?
Andr Hawaux: I'll make another comment too Andrew, just to build on what Gary said. I think your math is correct. I don't believe we have to do, from my perspective anything heroic in the back half of the year relative to volume. I think a lot of the new items and the innovation that I talked about which really takes hold now, Q2 and beyond, the acquisitions that we've added on really help us get there. So again, we're not expecting our portfolio in this environment to do anything heroic volumetrically. So I think that's number one. Number two, on the merchandising question, there are elements obviously of our promotional planners and calendars that are locked in with customers. I'd say at the beginning in any quarter, I'd say about 60% to 65% is locked in. But I kid you not, there's still a lot of discussion that goes on between ourselves and customers during the quarter as we come up to events, everything from price points to feature and display to what kind of things that you going to get as a result of the price that you are providing. So there's still a lot of room and a lot of latitude with respect to a lot of our customers and our plans in any given quarter when we start that quarter. Obviously as you get further in, you get further locked in.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Gary, in your comments around the more recent trends around shipments and a little bit around all out consumption for your key categories, is it going too far to suggest that that's something you are starting to see a little bit more broadly in the overall food group at this stage, or is that more common around your key categories at this stage?
Gary Rodkin: I think we see it a bit overall. We see it more clearly, as obviously we've got more insight into our numbers. But we do see a bit of that in the overall data.
John: Andrew, I'd just say, we're seeing stronger volume consumption in our category, specifically with our business. And we're also starting to see dollars turn a little bit more favorable than we have seen over the last 13 weeks.
Gehring: Andrew, I'd just say, we're seeing stronger volume consumption in our category, specifically with our business. And we're also starting to see dollars turn a little bit more favorable than we have seen over the last 13 weeks.
Operator: We'll hear now from JPMorgan and Terry Bivens.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: My question is kind of the spending counterpart to what Andrew just asked. I don't pretend to analyze every category you guys have, but if you look for example at your biggest one, Frozen, it looks like you've really backed off on promotion at a time when the competitors seemed to have really stepped it up. And when you have gone on deal, you've been less aggressive, so the lifts aren't there. So I guess what I am trying to understand is the pacing of your promotional and merchandising support in the second half. Why wouldn't it require a much stronger outlay I guess is the real question?
Gary Rodkin: I think, Q1, obviously our merchandising was not as great as our competition. We saw much more than we had in the last several years from one of the biggest players. We have made some adjustments. We have chosen not to go incredibly deep but in a bit more measured way. But we think between the innovation, the marketing and some adjustment in our merchandising that we will have a good year in Frozen.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: If you look at total distribution by companies, you guys are clearly a leader. Where is that coming from and when can we expect to perhaps see a better company wide effect from that stronger distribution?
Gary Rodkin: I'd think a couple of areas there. Terry, I imagine you're looking at total distribution across all channels. But again, the innovation specifically in Frozen, where with respect to our steaming platform, the things you're seeing with both are on Healthy and Marie Callender. And actually we've had good distribution additions to Banquet as well, including things like food pipe, et cetera, et cetera. So we feel very good about what we're doing. I think that was the lion's share of your question. I don't know if I caught all of it.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess a couple of questions. Maybe Gary, a little broader, on the dividend increase. I was kind of surprised at such a big increase. I guess your cash flow is down because of the pension contribution, but maybe you could kind of go into like what investors should expect from a return to shareholders' allocation going forward? Is this kind of a signal that dividends may be more of a priority than repurchase?
Gary Rodkin: Eric I would tell you that first, our cash position is very strong. We clearly had a huge jump up last year, but this year will continue to be a very, very good cash position for ConAgra Foods. We have always committed to having a top tier dividend, and we believe that what we have done is consistent with that and we think it expresses the confidence that we've got in our future. And our payout ratio is competitive. So we looked hard at this and believe it's the right thing to do from an overall shareholder return standpoint. John?
John Gehring: I think you captured most of it, Gary. Certainly, I would say this doesn't really represent any change in our basic capital allocation approach. I think we've talked about having a top tier dividend. I think we've talked about also looking at growth investments, but also understanding that that share repurchase is a part of the equation. So I think generally there is no real change in the balance there. I would echo one of the things Gary said about what we try to focus on. Our dividend policy is our payout ratio, and bluntly, I think our payout ratio was lagging some of the earnings growth we had over the last couple of years. And we think this increase kind of gets it back in line to where we thought it should be.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then on a completely different issue, with the grain milling, I guess I was kind of surprised given the run up in weed that pricing was down there. And so maybe you could talk a little bit about that and then what we should expect from that business' influence on sales given the weak cost up? Are you positioned okay given all the volatility in wheat of late?
Rob Sharpe: Let me try and give you a couple of different perspectives on that. A lot of the volatility you saw in wheat is in the future prices going way up. Year-over-year, you had a decline in this quarter. And for the balance of the year, there won't be that a particularly big influence on the topline one way or the other. As far as the volatility, keep in mind that we are not in this to speculate. The volatility is good for our business, because in essence it brings customers to us who are ready to commit to longer-term purchases. That in essence gives us more time to buy the wheat that we are going to make their flour with. And that's good news for us. The near end volatility doesn't really impact our current results except to the extent that we can buy grain more intelligently for those long-term commitments. So it's a good news for us and we are well positioned.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: In looking at the second half, I know you can't talk to the consumer and lot of the things that you are doing. But is it pretty critical that the new products that you are putting into the market kind of win with the consumer to the extent that those I assume are going to be not just volume drivers, but also a mix shift positive? I guess that's what we should look for in terms of consumer meeting its recovery in the next couple of quarters?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that a basic principle we've got is that the innovation is both top and bottomline accretive. So we keep the bar pretty high on that, and that is what we've got in our expectations.
Operator: And we'll hear a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just had a couple of questions for you. The first one would be you re-rated guidance at the end of July, and you've also talked about what seems to be certain improving trends in the last six to eight weeks. I just want to put those two together. Was it still that the topline trends were improving a bit and maybe volumes for promotion were still heavy? Can you put this together for me, Gary?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that what we are not going to do is burn the furniture to make our numbers. So we are keeping the balance of the short-term challenges and the long-term perspective. And therefore we really don't believe that we can really make up the debit that we've created in Q1. Yes, we are seeing the topline start to improve. There is still in a way a significant challenge ahead of us in terms of the way we balance our trade spend. But as the second half approaches, we do believe that there will be moderation in that and we will clearly benefit from both the top and bottomline in the second half.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Within your Consumer Foods division, the negative 1% price mix, is there some price increases in there as well? I don't look at the negative one as a terribly bad promotional environment. But is it just that it's bad in certain categories or is there some pricing a mix offsetting some of the aggressive promotion that you are seeing?
Andr Hawaux: There was a little bit of positive mix. There were some categories that were down further than the 1%. We have broad portfolio placed across a very wide slot of the consumer landscape. So I'd say the unbalanced, we netted out about 1%. There were some that were deeper and some other that were in a better shape.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: The last question I had for you was, in your Consumer Foods division and sort of the cost savings versus inflation in the first quarter, that was a negative spread where the inflation was more. Do you have hedges on the rest of the year that gives you a little confidence that the cost inflation will be a little lower, plus you'll have a little bit more on the way cost savings are more back half loaded? Is that the way to kind of look at the breakdown?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, that's pretty fair. Certainly as years goes on, we'd lock in a lot more of our commodity needs. So we've got more positions on substantial amount for the back part of the year. So I think your assessment is pretty clear there.
Operator: We take a question now from Morgan Stanley in Vincent Andrews.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: In the years past, when there was inflation, you had to do some work around bank to maintain the $1 price point. Is there anything right now going on in your portfolio that you are concentrating on or focused on that really needs to get done?
Gary Rodkin: Vincent, there absolutely is. There is very significant opportunity for us, and we have started to capture that, but there is a lot more to come. So you are right on the mark.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But I guess you're looking at it more from reward perspective and may be I'll ask it the other way. Is there any risk that there is any pricing you need to take anywhere in the portfolio, you follow what I'm saying?
John Gehring: Obviously the opportunity arose to take pricing with costs going up, we'd certainly be there. But right now we are not planning for that in this environment.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So the answer is that you are comfortable. You can read it on any products to take cost out, to maintain the price plans, is that clear?
John Gehring: That is what we are planning to do and we are confident, yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then my last question would just be, it's clear there is a consumer deload going on not just in your category, but pretty much across the store? So maybe twofold, do you really think innovation is what will unlock that deload? I would argue it's probably more macro factors that need to improve from a consumer perspective. And then secondly, is there any risk from a customer perspective that they're going to make adjustments relative to what the consumers done from a deload perspective.
John Gehring: I think its like anything else. Any kind of organization with inventory, there does come a point where it kind of bottoms out and it kind of self adjusts. And we think we are starting to reach that point. And we've got pretty good insight into this; has been draining their pantries, their freezers, their refrigerators. And there will come a point where that kind of bottom's out. So, I'm not saying that we're going to go back to huge stock up purchases. But, we think that delta will change.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I got a couple of questions. The first one is, gross margin adjusted is down I think about a 140 basis points year-over-year. And I think a lot of it has to do with volume leverage because your volume is down quite a bit. Since you are assuming that volume's going to improve by the back half of the year, can you give us a sense of how that might help your gross margin in terms of comparisons or is it still going to be a very tough gross margin comparisons year-over-year? And then secondly, its the first I've heard about the cost savings being back half loaded. Was that always the plan or is there something new in terms of the pace of the savings as we flow through?
Gary Rodkin: Let me take the second one first. I don't think we've had any substantial change in flow of our cost savings from the beginning of the year. I think the first quarter was planned to be our lightest quarter. And it certainly picks up and is more even over the balance of the three quarters that the balance of the year, although there is still some waiting towards the back half. And your gross margin question, I am not sure I followed it all.
Gary Rodkin: John, I'll take that. Robert, I think it is mostly about the comparables. So the first half was a lot tougher in terms of the improvement that we made on the margins a year ago. Things will flatten out. Margins will improve more in the back half. And part of that obviously is the cost savings versus inflation as well. So a lot of it is just almost mechanical, the math that we've built into our plan. So that's why we'll see it improve in the back half.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Maybe, John, you could think of it this way, your gross margin is down year-over-year. Do you have a sense of how much that is due to operational leverage from declining volume?
John Gehring: I don't think lot of it is due to that. I think it's more of the inflation and cost savings spread. And one of the reasons I say that is we don't have a big penalty in terms of absorption. That may be ultimately where your question gets at. We're not seeing a big issue there. So I really think it's more of the inflation and cost savings related.
Operator: And we'll move now to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask a question about the pace of innovation? Where are you now in terms of percentage of sales of new products? Do you anticipate that that's going to step up during the course of fiscal '11? You had a lot of new product launches in fiscal '10 that were very platform-based, very broad. Do you anticipate that the new products launches this year are going to be similar in scale and scope?
Andr Hawaux: Let me take the first one. Your first question about the percentage of our sales coming from innovation, I think we measure it correctly in terms of year-on-year innovation. It's about 5%. And as we take a look at your second question on platform innovation, I think we've said it multiple times we're not going to be the ones that are the most prolific with number of SKUs. We're going to look for sticky innovation, and that's all platform-based. So the things that you've seen for instance relative to steaming and frozen are things that we're continuing to do now that will bring a net offering to lunch steamers. The things you're seeing us do with our Trade technology with respect to Marie Callender base, you can see that application is going to go into other platforms as well or other things we do in Frozen, they are very much platform-based, very broad. And again, as Gary has said, we look for that high batting average for our innovation.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Two questions. Gary, I believe ConAgra is the first company to report a quarter with inflation higher than cost savings. So really, can you give us any comments about either what you've announced to the trade already regarding price increases or what you're just hearing generally within the category that you compete in on this topic?
John Gehring: David, we have not talked to the trade about pricing. I don't think they are in an extremely receptive mood to be looking to raise prices at this point. Obviously, we will be opportunistic, but we don't think it's prudent for us to plan on that in this environment. And therefore, all the things we're doing from a productivity standpoint are really the way. Both productivity and mix are the way that we are choosing to deal with this, at least in the near term.
Operator: And there are no further questions Mr. Klinefelter, so I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and it will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-06-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin  CEO Chris Klinefelter  VP, IR John Gehring  EVP and CFO Andr Hawaux  President, Consumer Foods
Analysts: David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Doug Ernst  Bank of America Ann Gurkin  Davenport Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Robert Dickerson  Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I'll be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode. However, our speakers will address questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin. And I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making these statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. And the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A document, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. We had a very good year. As planned, we delivered $0.39 of diluted EPS in the fourth quarter, making the year $1.74, excluding items impacting comparability. Thats just sigh of 15% comparable EPS growth for the year and a high quality performance when you take into consideration the core top and bottom line growth in the Consumer Foods segment, the dollar and unit market share gains for that segment on a full year basis, and the generation of $1.4 billion of operating cash flow through strong earnings and excellent working capital management. Supply chain productivity, innovation, and marketing, all played key roles. Thats part of building a strong base to drive sustainable profitable growth for years to come. Ill talk about that more in a few minutes. First, here is the overview of how our fourth quarter shaped up. Diluted EPS came in where we planned, at $0.39, excluding items impacting comparability. Comparable operating profit for consumer increased 10%. Excluding the estimated 7% benefit from the extra week last year, sales were up about 3% for Consumer Foods. Our Commercial Foods sales were down 6% and operating profit was down 26%. The extra week a year ago contributed to these declines as well as product cost issues and a cost allocation process change we discussed earlier in the year. Our milling performance was strong, but last year was unusually so creating a tough lap for this year. Net-net, as we indicated to you last quarter, we expected these results. And as we look forward, were confident in the underlying operating capabilities of Lamb Weston and ConAgra Mills and expect this segment to deliver overall growth in fiscal 2011. Let me give you some more detail about the segments, starting with Consumer Foods. As I just mentioned, we finished the year with a very good fourth quarter performance, both in comparable sales growth of 3% and comparable operating profit growth of 10%. Thats a continuation of strong results all year for the few notable full year highlights. Topping the list is dollar and unit market share growth for the aggregate portfolio on a full year basis. Our top 15 categories, which is most of our business, grew significantly faster than our overall average. We also delivered strong supply chain productivity savings. These exceeded $300 million for the year, higher than we originally planned, which more than offset modest inflation. We increased marketing investment to build for the future, and this all resulted in strong operating margin expansion, ending the year at almost 15%, which is more than 250 basis points of improvement over last year on a comparable basis. That combination of elements demonstrates a high quality year, one that we are all proud of. And it demonstrates a strong foundation for continued profitable growth. Id like to spend just a few moments talking about some of the initiatives that have and will continue to strengthen the foundation in the Consumer Foods segment. Innovation is a key strategy for the Consumer Foods segment. Over the last few years, weve made tremendous progress building a strong innovation pipeline. We are focused on platform opportunities with staying power and growth potential. Im very pleased to say that new products represented about 5% of Consumer Foods top-line for fiscal 2010. Thats up substantially over where we were just a few years ago, demonstrating how far we have come and the growth potential we are unlocking in our portfolio. Weve told you about our recent wave of innovation, including Healthy Choice, Mediterranean Steamers, Banquet fruit pies, and Marie Callender's Signature bakes. Those are great items that for the most part we expect to have reached full retail distribution by late summer. But I also want to highlight new Healthy Choice Lunch Steamers, another new product line that we are getting ready to ship. We are heavily skewed toward dinner in our frozen portfolio. So a significant opportunity exists for us to pursue lunch more aggressively. Lunch steamers are an outstanding combination of food and packaging, with great-looking, large-cut ingredients that look and taste fresh. This is a product that you truly have to see and taste to appreciate how good it is. And we consider it another example of breakthrough innovation from us in the frozen category. Other new products just starting to ship include Chef Boyardee whole grain, which has three new SKUs to improve moms perception of the brands nutritional value with added wholegrain, reduced sodium, and no MSG. We are excited about our new products, the growing strength of our brands overall, and Im confident that we are on the right trajectory. Overall, our core portfolio is in good shape. For example, our Hunt's tomato business, which is a $600 million, grew at a double-digit rate over the past two weeks. That said, we do have a few challenges, particularly popcorn. Category sales are soft, but we will use our leadership position in category expertise to revitalize it and improve our performance. You will see meaning activity from us in popcorn later in fiscal 2011. As you know, the fuel for the innovation and marketing that will drive our top-line is enabled by our excellent ongoing supply chain savings. We generated over $300 million of cost savings for Consumer Foods in fiscal 2010, another very strong performance. And as we said at CAGNY, we are committed to $275 million in fiscal 2011. I couldnt be more pleased with our supply chain momentum and have a lot of confidence in our long runway of productivity. And one last point I want to make on Consumer is that our customer relationships are getting better all the time. To that point, for the first time, we were recently named Supplier of the Year by our largest customer. Thats a terrific accomplishment and it is proof of the real change that has taken place in our operations over the last several years. Now Ill move on to the Commercial Foods segment. While we believe the worst is behind us, Lamb Weston is still navigating a touch domestic restaurant environment. Sales and volume for Lamb Weston were up in a comparable 13-week basis, which in itself noteworthy considering the environment. Profits were below a year ago amounts for the reasons I already mentioned. I do want to emphasize that we are dealing with a poor quality and expensive potato crop harvested last fall. Although we still have some headwind on the cost of goods side carrying into this year, we expect that the new crop will be less expensive in a more normal processing and storage characteristics. I also want to offer that we do expect a slowly improving restaurant environment. We also had a negative impact from a product cost allocation process change that we discussed earlier in the year. Those were planned, but it was a situation where weve got a benefit earlier in the year and then a negative in the current quarter. The laps will be more normal for this year, so it wont be a factor. This combination of events is an anomaly very unusual. Our customer partnerships remain a key strength. Cisco again named Lamb Weston as its number one food supplier, a significant recognition that our team has received many times in the past. When you combine strong customer service along with the fact that we are aggressively managing costs across the business to maintain reasonable margins, this is a strong indication that our team is focused on the right things with the long-term health of the business. Along these lines, our new plant construction in Delhi, Louisiana, is moving along nicely and we expect it to be ready to ramp up for this falls crop. We expect sweet potatoes to play a significant role in Lamb Westons top-line growth this year. Taking all things into consideration, I am confident that Lamb Weston will return to good growth in fiscal 2011 and that this business continues to have a strong future ahead of it. ConAgra Mills continues to do an excellent job, managing market volatility, product mix, and efficiencies. In the milling business each quarter, there are unique opportunities. Profits this quarter were below year-ago amounts, but still very healthy. We planned for that given the very high profits a year ago from a combination of elements, including very favorable wheat milling yields and an extra week. Overall, fiscal 2010 was a great year for milling operations, and I know that our team there will continue to deepen continue relationships, focus on efficiencies and manage through volatility to capitalize on future growth opportunities. Let me turn briefly to our recent M&A activity. Although organic growth is certainly top of mind for us, we are also interested in improving our portfolio with smart transactions. Although we completed dramatic portfolio changes over the past four years, we continue to become more focused on where we have a right to win. Over the past month, we agreed to divest one of our Commercial businesses for $250 million and agreed to acquire two others on the Consumer side for about that same amount, a modest but important continuation of our transformation. The pending transactions remain subject to customary closing conditions. John will mention specifics of these deals, but I want to reinforce that with these moves, we are refining our focus, concentrating our capital on areas with good growth and efficiency potential, and expecting to improve our mix in margins. These are good moves. Wrapping up, Im pleased with fiscal 2010s performance. Im going to let John say more about financial matters, but our expectations for fiscal 2011 offer another year of good growth. Consistent with our long-term algorithm, we expect our fiscal 2011 diluted EPS to reflect 8% to 10% from this years base of $1.74 adjusted for items impacting comparability. Aim for that growth to be concentrated in the back half of the year for the reasons mentioned in the release. We remain committed to the long-term sales, EPS, and return on capital goals youve heard us discuss before. Thanks for joining us today. I appreciate your interest. And now, Ill turn it over to our CFO, John Gehring.
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary. And good morning, everyone. Im going to touch on five topics this morning. Ill begin with our fourth quarter performance highlights and then comment on portfolio changes. Next, Ill address comparability matters; then on to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items; and finally, I will provide some comments on our outlook for fiscal 2011. Starting with our fourth quarter performance, as Gary noted, the fourth quarter was a bit mixed with continued good performance in our Consumer segment and some challenges in our Committee segment, centered on performance at Lamb Weston. For the quarter, we reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.27 versus $0.38 in the year-ago period. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.39, in line with our expectations. Earnings from discontinued operations include the operating results of the Gilroy dehydrated vegetable business, which we are in the process of divesting. As a reminder, the sale of this business was not contemplated when we prepared our full year earnings estimate, and therefore the Gilroy operating earnings were included in our previous guidance for fiscal 2010 of EPS approaching $1.73 per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability. Let me touch on a few other operating highlights for the quarter. First, as weve noted, the Consumer Foods segment turned in another good quarter, with operating profit up 10% on a comparable basis. This represents the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year performance improvement. We continue to execute well and consistently on each of our fundamentals; innovation, marketing and merchandising, sales performance, and supply chain capabilities. Reported Consumer Foods net sales were down approximately 4%. However, on a 13-week basis, net sales were up approximately 3%. We estimate that the extra week in the prior year contributed approximately 7% to volume and net sales. Inflation for our Consumer business continues to be very manageable. Excluding materials related to pass-through categories, our commodity input costs were up slightly in the quarter. Our Consumer Foods supply chain cost reduction efforts continue to yield good results. And as Gary mentioned, we delivered cost savings of $300 million for the year. Based on the cost savings performance over the past several quarters and a significant pipeline of opportunities, we remain confident in the ability of our supply chain team to continue its consistent delivery of cost savings throughout fiscal 2011 and beyond. On marketing, Consumer Foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was down approximately $17 million or 18%, as we lapped a prior year quarter that included a very high level of investment. We remain committed to investing selectively and in an impactful way behind our key brands. For this quarter, foreign exchange favorably impacted Consumer Foods net sales by 1% and operating profit by 3%. Turning now to our Commercial Foods segment, we had some mixed results in the quarter. Overall , operating income was down 26%. About 7 points of the profit decline for the segment reflects the extra week last year. In addition, we had several factors that negatively impacted our Lamb Weston business, including unfavorable product cost resulting from a high-cost, poor-quality crop and the impact of the cost allocation process change, which, as previously communicated, benefited earlier fiscal quarters this year, but negatively impacted the current quarter. Our Mills business performed very well, but was lapping a very strong quarter in the prior year. So while their operating profit was down somewhat, they continue to have strong momentum in the business and execute their business plans with excellence. Other portions of the segment were up slightly. We remain confident in the ability of our Consumer Foods management team and the strength of the business models over the long-term. For the total company, our core selling, general and administrative expenses, which exclude items such as advertising and promotion, incentives, commissions, royalties and comparability items, came in slightly higher than our zero overhead growth, or ZOG, goal for the year. The overhead was due principally to some incremental investments behind our cost savings initiatives. We continue to challenge our teams to control costs and to achieve high ROI on incremental G&A investments. Moving now to portfolio changes, as you know, we have announced several transactions during the past several months that are consistent with our portfolio optimization objectives. First, we completed the acquisition of Elan Nutrition, a nutrition and snack bar manufacturer, for approximately $105 million in cash. This acquisition provides us with additional capacity for our fast-growing, store brand snack bar business, as well as access to substantial innovation capabilities in this category. Second, weve recently announced that we have reached an agreement to acquire the assets of American Pie, which produces frozen pies under the Marie Callenders and Claim Jumper brands. We expect the transaction to close in the next 30 days subject to customary closing conditions. We plan to fund the purchase price of approximately $130 million out of cash on hand. This business provides us a strategic adjacency to our core frozen platform. And upon closing, we will also have full rights to use the Marie Callenders equity for all frozen food offerings. Finally, we reached an agreement to sell the Gilroy Foods & Flavors dehydrated vegetable business to Olam International. We expect the transaction to close during the first quarter, again subject to customary closing conditions, with proceeds in the range of $250 million. In connection with the divestiture, we have recorded a non-cash impairment charge in discontinued operations of approximately $60 million pretax in the fourth quarter. This charge is consistent with our estimated loss on sales. With the completion of these three transactions, we will have maintained or increased our earnings base, adjusted capital to more strategic categories and improved our long-term growth and return prospects. We will continue to look for additional growth and portfolio improvement opportunities. Now, Ill move on to my third topic, items impacting comparability. Overall, we have $0.12 per diluted share of net expense in this quarters EPS, which came from several items that Id like to touch on now. First, based on an updated assessment of network optimization strategies and the related impact on our plans for a partially completed manufacturing facility, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $33 million or $0.05 per share in the fourth quarter. We are confident that the alternative network optimization strategies identified in our updated assessment will better support our cost savings initiatives and provide better returns on future capital outlays. Next, the company incurred approximately $14 million of transaction costs to secure federal tax benefits of approximately $27 million related to the construction of the Delhi, Louisiana sweet potato plant. These benefits are incremental to our previous estimate of tax incentives for this project and will be recognized by the company in future years. In addition, we also incurred $39 million or $0.05 per share of restructuring charges related to our previously announced relocation of our meat snacks production from Garner, North Carolina to Troy, Ohio, and the relocation of administrative function principally related to our snack business from Edina, Minnesota to an existing office facility in Naperville, Illinois. Also, our income tax rate for the quarter reflects approximately $0.01 of benefit from a lower than planned effective tax rate. This benefit reflects changes in estimates and audit settlements related to prior years, as well as other tax planning benefits, all set by one-time charge of approximately $8 million resulting from the tax law changes related to the recently enacted healthcare legislation. And our earnings from discontinued operation include $0.01 of earnings in both the current year and the prior year related to the operations of the Gilroy dehydrated vegetable business, which we are in the process of divesting. That $0.01 was included in our original guidance. On hedging for the fourth quarter, the net commodity hedging impact on corporate expense was immaterial. Now, let me turn to cash flow, capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First on cash flow, we had a very successful year. In fact, for fiscal 2010, our cash flow from operating activities was over $1.4 billion compared with approximately $975 million in fiscal 2009. This represents an increase of approximately $450 million. This is our second straight year of significant improvement. And we closed the year with approximately $950 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We made great progress in fiscal 2010 on working capital management. We reduced our cash conversion cycle by seven days and generated over $300 million of cash. We continue to make good progress on a comprehensive set of working capital initiatives designed to drive improvement over the next several years. Next, on capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of approximately $123 million versus $117 million in the prior year. For the entire 2010 fiscal year, CapEx was approximately $500 million. This amount includes current year outlays related to the recovery of our meat snacks business, which we expect to be substantially funded by insurance proceeds and expenditures related to our new sweet potato plant, which will be partially funded over time by tax incentives. And as we have said before, we have set the mix of our capital expenditures to continue to shift away from infrastructure, and two, more innovation and growth investments. Net interest expense was $39 million for the quarter versus $51 million in the prior year. Interest income from the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations was approximately $22 million in the current quarter and $21 million in the year-ago period. We remained very comfortable with the collectability of these notes. In fact, prior to year-end, we received approximately $115 million as payment in full for the first tranche of notes, including interests. These notes were originally scheduled to mature on June 19, 2010. Dividends for the quarter increased to $89 million from $85 million in the prior year due to the increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.19 to $0.20 per share, which took effect in the third quarter of this year. During the fourth quarter, we acquired approximately 4 million shares for about $100 million under the $500 million share repurchase program that our Board authorized during the third quarter. We have approximately $400 million remaining under this program. During the fourth quarter, we also made a voluntary $100 million contribution to our pension plans and we funded the $105 million acquisition of Elan out of cash on hand. Given our strong liquidity and cash position, I would like to highlight our capital allocation priorities. First, we remain committed to a top-tier dividend payout. We know that a healthy dividend is important to many of our investors. In addition, we are focused on growth and profit enhancement investments, including new product and capacity expansions such as the new sweet potato plant in Louisiana that is currently on track to open this fall. We also continue to pursue acquisitions. In doing so, we generally look for acquisitions that drive growth in category that align with our core competencies, help us leverage our existing infrastructure, and therefore enhance our efforts to optimize our portfolio. Both the Elan and American Pie acquisition fit these criteria very well. We also periodically review and evaluate debt markets and consider opportunities to lower our debt costs and/or extend debt maturities at favorable rates to maintain our strong balance sheet. And finally, we also recognize that at times share repurchase programs are an attractive for our shareholders. We will continue to balance this option with the other priorities. Now, I would like to share some comments on our fiscal 2011 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share adjusted for items impacting comparability to grow at a rate of 8% to 10% from our 2010 base of $1.74 per share. This growth is consistent with our long-term outlook. In addition, this earnings estimate reflects revenue growth in the range of 3% as well as gross margin improvement driven by strong cost savings, but partially offset by higher input inflation. For fiscal 2011, we are targeting $275 million of cost savings in our Consumer business. The outlook also reflects a continued focus on selling, general and administrative cost control and an expected effective tax rate in the range of 34% for the full year, although this rate may fluctuate somewhat from quarter to quarter. While we expect to get some EPS lift from the M&A transactions that I described earlier as well as some other capital allocations, we are planning on most of the EPS increase to be driven by organic earnings growth. Consistent with fiscal 2010, we expect the earnings growth in our Consumer Foods segment to continue and to be driven by innovation, marketing, merchandising, strong supply chain capabilities, and a portfolio with strong value appeal. In our Commercial Foods segment, we believe profits will be up modestly, reflecting both revenue recovery and cost challenges in our Lamb Weston business as well as prudent planning assumption for our Mills business, which has performed extremely well over the past two years. Overall, we are committed to our algorithm of 8% to 10% EPS growth, and we are optimistic about the long-term strength of our businesses. And while we are confident about our full year guidance, I would note that we expect EPS growth to be concentrated in the second half of the fiscal year. There are a couple of key factors that contribute to this timing. First, we have a high raw material cost issue at Lamb Weston related to the core quality problem. These raw material costs will improve once we work through the old crop and begin processing the new crop. In addition, we have a difficult comparison created by unusually strong net cost savings in the Consumer Foods segment in the first half of fiscal 2010. In other words, the amount of net benefit from the excess of cost savings over inflation for the first half of fiscal 2010 was higher than the similar benefit we expect for the first half of 2011. In addition to earnings growth, we also expect continued strength in our operating cash flows in fiscal 2011. We expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.2 billion, with working capital improvements contributing in the range of $100 million before considering the impact of acquisition and divestitures. Further, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $525 million, which includes costs related to the completion of our sweet potato plant as well as costs related to the expansion of our Troy, Ohio facility plant in support of our Slim Jim recovery plants. As a reminder, a substantial portion of the Troy, Ohio expansion will be offset by insurance proceeds. We have approximately $260 million of debt maturities in fiscal 2011, which at this point we expect to repay with cash on hand. And finally, with respect to our Slim Jim business, we expect to settle our insurance claim during fiscal 2011. We expect the settlement to result in a gain, which we have not included in our guidance and which we will identify for you when we discuss our results. To date, we have received approximately $85 million in cash in connection with our insurance claim. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I, along with Andr Hawaux and Rob Sharpe, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our section. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now wed like to get to an important part of todays call, taking your questions. (Operator instructions) And it looks like our first question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
John Gehring: Good morning.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Id just like to start off  I've got a number of questions, some of them are pretty quick. On the cost savings side, you talked about the $275 million just being modestly down from the $300 million in F 10. But John, in your comments, you talked about net productivity and then you were making comparisons year-over-year. Can you simply just divide these up and tell us where  two clarifications. What is your expectation for the rate of inflation in F 11? And then how does the $275 million pace throughout the year? It sounds like you were saying something like 60%, 70% of it shows up in the back half.
John Gehring: First of all, the rate of inflation right now what we are seeing is probably in the range of 4%. In terms of the pace of the cost savings, I guess I dont have it broken out by quarters. I think it would flow fairly normally, but I think the issue is when you look at what happened in the first half of this fiscal 2010, the gap between cost savings and inflation, partly because inflation was slow in the first half of the year. That gap was just bigger in the first half of fiscal 10. So were lapping that. And youre just going to see a different spirit throughout the year.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. David, just to amplify Johns point, weve really started to see things moderate more in terms of that gap in the back half of last year. So its really the comp of first half, second half, not really the rate of anything happening in fiscal 11.
John Gehring: Yes. David, just to be clear, I think the cost savings generally are going to flow pretty evenly throughout the year, we think. It wont be exactly 25% a quarter, but it wont be radically off that either.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: In this 4% rate of inflation, can you call out what a few of the big hitters are? And then also, the separate question, Gary, can you talk about your expectations for the top-line in Consumer Foods, both price and volume?
John Gehring: David, I think the two largest items that Id point to in terms of the inflation trends are probably going to be energy and proteins. There are other pressures across various commodities. Those are probably the two most significant.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. And David, I would say that we are not planning on significant pricing at this point in the year. So our top-line expectation is to be in the neighborhood of about 3%, and most of that would come from volume and mix.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay. Final question is just what was the shares at the end of the period? I think most of this repurchase would not have showed up in weighted average shares in the fourth quarter. And then lastly, can you repeat some of your comments about advertising expense growth in the fourth quarter? I think you said it was down quite considerably. But Gary, put this in context of F 10 overall and how you see F 11 on advertising.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. In the fourth quarter, it was down because the previous year, the 53rd week allowed us to spend considerably more. So net for the whole year, we were up on A&P at about 6% versus a year ago.
John Gehring: David, on the shares, I dont have the quarter-end share count, but I think thats something we can follow up with.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Id appreciate that. Thanks a lot. Great results.
John Gehring: Thank you.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
Operator: Well move now to Bank of America and Bryan Spillane.
Doug Ernst  Bank of America: Hi, guys. This is Doug Ernst for Bryan Spillane. Im just wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about the pricing or promotional activity in the Consumer Foods segment and how that flowed through in terms of your market share performance in the quarter.
Andr Hawaux: Ill take that. This is Andr. I think overall we felt very good. Well, first of all, let me just set some context. This is for Consumer Foods. Fiscal year 2010 was the first year that weve gained both dollar share and unit share as an organization for the last years. I think you have to understand that context, which is really important. We feel really good about that. I think what we saw in Q4 overall is the categories in which we competed softened versus Q3, but yet again, on our top 15 categories, we held share in terms of dollars and we gained a slight unit share. Overall, the total portfolio, we declined a little bit in the fourth quarter, but that was a function of a lot of our other categories. But I think net-net we feel very good about where we were. We saw continued pressure in overall pricing and in the category softness across the board in large grocery.
Doug Ernst  Bank of America: Okay, great. And then on a separate topic, on share repurchase, we had a few names in the packaged food space due to accelerated share repurchases recently. Just wondering  you have $400 million left on your authorization and over $900 million of cash on the balance sheet. I was wondering if you guys considered an ASR in the near-term.
Gary Rodkin: At this point, thats not something that weve talked to our Board about. Weve constantly talked to them about capital allocation. We are well aware of, I think, various investors desires around share repurchase, but we will continue to look at that as a strong alternative versus our other capital allocation options.
Doug Ernst  Bank of America: All right, great. Thanks, guys. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Well hear now from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Good morning.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Let me ask a little bit about the expansion of Lightlife. You all highlighted this back in February
Gary Rodkin: Okay.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: How is it going? Is it meeting expectations ?
Gary Rodkin: I thought you are going to  I'm sorry, Ann. I apologize. I thought you wanted to ask a question about Lightlife. I didnt realize  we are currently  some of the things we are doing, as you know, are weve launched in the Northeast a test market for our frozen meal offering. That portfolio today is largely refrigerated meat alternatives, and were actually launching a vegetarian product that is in frozen. Its going very well. The things that we are seeing in the marketplace, benchmarking them against our competitive set there give us indications that weve hit a very strong product offering for the consumer, and we are going to continue to monitor the test. We have some exit criteria that we will be going through over the next couple of months. And if those criteria continue to hold to where we are today, we believe that we would be prepared for a broader rollout of that product offering.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Okay. And then secondly, what have you incorporated in your outlook for the next fiscal year for competitive pressure or promotions in the frozen food segment?
Gary Rodkin: What weve done there, Ann, is weve got a program that weve put in place in the back half of this year, Q3 and Q4. We believe thats what weve  weve laid out the competitive landscape and the pricing landscape to be pretty consistent with that, and thats the way weve built our plans for next year. As Gary mentioned, we also have some wonderful products on the innovations side, some of which have just been launched already. We talked about the baked item from Marie Callender, the fruit pie from Banquet. We have this wonderful product that we are launching, which is the Lunch Steamer, that will be out in the tail end of our first quarter, which is a place we dont really play a whole lot. So weve got a lot of innovation coming. This American Pie acquisition weve announced that provides us some strategic adjacency, which we feel  we figure is going to have a lot of fun with that product with some of the other things we have in our portfolio like Reddi-wip. So we feel really good about what weve got going on in frozen.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Thats great. So you expect promotion level to stay relatively the same for the year?
Gary Rodkin: Absolutely, yes.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Great. And then last  just Ive got to ask how are sales of Banquet pies going? And are you gaining distribution in, say, like six store outlets?
John Gehring: We are gaining distribution across the board. Weve done really well with that product. Its  we are still getting to  we are wrapping up our HCV distribution. What I would also like to point out to the audience is that for four quarters now in fiscal year 2010, every quarter we have increased our total point of distribution for ConAgra products at retail, which again in this environment where customers are in fact looking at clean assortment of things like that, speaks a lot to what weve been able to do as a sales organization as well. So every quarter this year weve actually gained total points of distribution.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take a question from Barclays Capital and Andrew Lazar.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Good morning, everyone.
John Gehring: Good morning
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: It looked as though, I guess, price mix for the Consumer Foods in the quarter was maybe a negative 1% impact to the top-line, if I kind of read that right. And that was a moderation from what we saw in the fiscal third quarter. Is that a reasonable  given the environment, is that a reasonable sort of way to think about the impact of price mix to the sales line in 2011? And if so, are you saying that volume has got to be whatever it is, you know, 4%, to offset [ph] that to get to 3% net on the top-line?
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, we  I think what you are referring to is probably explained through FX. So you are right. There was a little bit of a takedown just barely on price mix. Some of that is in our  or Id say the majority of that or all of that is in those pass-through categories like oil and spreads. Thats really where the mix comes from. It is a somewhat sluggish environment out there and the customers are trying to drive traffic  food traffic with discounting. We believe weve got far better analytics than weve ever had before. Our pricing architecture built on price thresholds is very strong. So we believe that we are at the right price points for both us and for the retailer. So we are not really planning on seeing any negative leverage between our volume and our pricing. We see it at about even.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Got it. Its very helpful, thanks. And then, do you feel generally that in Consumer Foods, consumption or takeaway has been more or less roughly in line with what we are seeing in terms of your shipments? I guess shipments have held up pretty well, I think, if all things considered, and we dont have a really very good view at the end of the day on sort of takeaway for your entire sort of business.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I would say, as long as you take a look at it over enough period time, you take it, you smooth out the promotional bumps. So here and there, we could see a gap. But it tends to straighten itself out over the course of a quarter.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Great. And then very last thing is, youve got obviously a good sized private label business, and Im just curious what youre seeing there. A number of other players have seen maybe not surprisingly the sales growth slow a little bit as some of the branded players have stepped up on the promotional spending. And now the price gaps a bit. But trying to get a sense of what you are seeing there across your private label business.
Gary Rodkin: I think across the board, wed say that it is plenty much flattened out for the reasons that you mentioned. So that would be kind of a macro level. Within our own business, weve got some categories where weve actually done pretty well. Probably the two to speak of our bar business where weve just made that Elan acquisition, it gave us more capacity. That is going very, very well. Thats a very good business for us. And on the Lamb Weston side, our potato business is also quite good. We have a few offsets here and there on some of the less important categories that we plan on the store brand side. So Id say we are pleased with the priority categories within that segment for ourselves. Overall, macro, about flat.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks so much.
Gary Rodkin: Sure.
Operator: Well hear now from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on your potato and tomato costs, it sounds like they are going to be and some of it is just working through the inventory of yield crop. Do you have complete visibility into those costs yet or you just know that they are going to be down?
Gary Rodkin: I think its  I dont want to go into a lot of details by category, but certainly the new crop of potatoes will be down. There might be some other commodities in that business that offset a little bit of that. In the tomatoes, we are also looking at probably some favorability there as we come off of this years crop.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Yes. I just was curious whether the  in particular, on the tomatoes, whether those contracts  last Ive seen, there were still sort of some back and forth on what the pricing was going to be. So just wondering if there was any  not asking you to give me the numbers, just if you were any closer to certainty on that.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Weve got a fair amount of those costs identified for the year in lockdowns. So we are feeling pretty good that the direction I pointed has certainly going to come to fruition. We do want to reiterate again though that those  that the potato crops, that will impact us for most of the first half because the new harvest really doesnt impact until the middle of the fall. So its important to keep that in mind.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. Ill pass it along. Thanks.
Operator: Moving on to Deutsche Bank and Eric Katzman.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Gary, I guess kind of following up on Andrews question, youve been in the industry for a long time, whether its beverage or now the food side at ConAgra. Im just  I just kind of want to get a sense from you in terms of retailer relations, and it just seems that Wal-Mart  maybe you are reluctant to talk about by name, but Wal-Mart has become so much more aggressive of late, and with price points that some of the manufacturers are really discouraged on in terms of their long-term brand equity, and I just want to get a sense from you given you  I think you said they named as you are Supplier of the Year, kind of how you are kind of seeing both pricing as well as what seems to be more of a high-low approach by them.
Gary Rodkin: I think  first of all, our customer relationships are better than they have ever been before. And our largest customer, Wal-Mart, is clearly is in that camp. So the partnership bond is extremely strong. We have constant ongoing dialog. I would tell you that the award that we received was largely based on our innovation. That was the key driver because we were bringing traffic and volume into the stores, given the innovation. So I do want to reiterate that its important to have value-add when you sit down with the customers and that could be in the form of innovation, that can also be in the form of insights that are going to drive more traffic and profit. It is a tough environment. There is no question about it. Its relatively sluggish. There is pressure to bring more food traffic in. We feel confident because of the mix of our portfolio. Weve got a value proposition where we can drive a lot of traffic with products like a Banquet or Chef. And we understand those price thresholds quite well, that pricing architecture, and are able to talk that kind of language with our customer partners. And on the other side, we are driving business through the insights in the innovation. So it is more challenging that its been previously, but we feel as though weve got the right tools, the right partnerships, and the right portfolio to be able to continue to do well even in the tough environment.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I think you had said that 5% of  I guess was Consumer sales. I assume its not consolidated, but 5% of Consumer sales in this past year came from new products. Is that right?
Gary Rodkin: Thats correct.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: And then so, given that youve been on a ramp-up there, I assume that  because of the companies kind of talk about it over three years. So I assume that the percentage is lower, but moving in the right direction. Is that also fair to say?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I would say that that is about the right timeframe definition that we use, yes.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: And then so  I guess most of the companies that Ive dealt with over the years kind of like it to be more in 10% to 15%. Is that kind of your target? I mean, should we expect much more innovation coming on the Consumer side?
Gary Rodkin: I dont know that we have a specific target. We are really about platform innovation. And that is a really, really important point because we are looking at innovation that sticks and grows over time. If you really dissect it across the industry, the batting average on the innovation if not nearly what we would  all of us would like to see, we are kind of going against that grain. So that whole concept of filling up the pipeline with lots of new SKUs and then seeing a good portion of them fail and having to restock that pipeline is not the game that we want to play. So we are happy to see ourselves continue to be where we are and kind of ramp up a bit from there, but its really about those platforms and incrementality.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then last question I guess to John, on the EBIT contribution from currency, how was it so much? I mean, I always viewed the company as being pretty limited in terms of its international. I think you said it was 3% of the growth in EBIT.
John Gehring: Yes, it was 3% of the growth in EBIT. I dont think there is any step. We still have a fairly small international footprint. So 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: (inaudible) contributed so much?
John Gehring: Im sorry?
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: I mean, which currency contributed  I mean, which currency strengthened against the dollar that ?
John Gehring: I mean, principally Canada and Mexico were the lions share of our international footprint.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Well take a question now from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking the call and congrats on the good year.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I just wanted to know, in your guidance, is there any reason why you dont include sales growth guidance for fiscal 11? At CAGNY, you talked about 3% to 4% top-line being the long-term model. Is it just because there is too much commodity elements that are going back and forth to make a call on it?
Gary Rodkin: No. I did comment, but you may have just missed it because I was covering so much information in such a short period of time. I did comment that we expect our sales growth for next year to be in the range of 3%.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I thought that was just the Consumer division though.
Gary Rodkin: No, thats for whole company.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Thats for whole company. Okay. So it will be 3%. Very good. And just a question for Andr. You mentioned the distribution gains. Do you expect those gains to continue in fiscal 11, Andr, with all the innovation you are coming out with?
Andr Hawaux: Yes, Rob, we do expect and they are going to be different by platform obviously, but absolutely. Thats one of the things we have focused top of mind with our sales organization, its point of distribution, its market share and its continuing to win with customers based on superior insights, superior innovation, and marketing. So thats our goal. Thats one of the metrics that we have front and center with (inaudible).
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
Andr Hawaux: Thank you.
Operator: Well take a question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Quick question around promotional activity again. Consumer prices seem to be coming down at least in the measured channel data that we are looking at, and yet your pricing held fairly steady in the Consumer segment this quarter. Does that mean that it's the retailers that are funding that promotional activity? And are you anticipating any step-up in your promotional spending as we go look out for the next couple of quarters?
Andr Hawaux: Alexia, this is Andr. I think we have seen retailers again work really hard, to Garys point earlier, to drive traffic into their outlets. So weve seen them do a lot of things in the marketplace relative to funding some of these things. That said, weve also talked about some of our pass-through categories where we have actually taken price declines. But weve had  since about the second and third quarter, weve had some pretty consistent pricing architecture, goals and price controls, as well as promoted price points that we are really driving. So we see a continuation of that. Thats what weve built into our algorithm for next year. And we believe we  we are providing good consumer value, and we believe thats where our promotions will line up for next year.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Thats great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Well hear now from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson  Consumer Edge Research: Hey, guys. Im just curious since you have a sizable private label business. Do you think private label in general has an advantage over higher price point products just with respect to the pricing pass-through?
Gary Rodkin: Well, again, I think weve seen things level out. And as you start to see inflation creep up a bit, you need to remember that the cost of goods  the math works in a tougher way on the private label side because of the bigger portion of their overall costs. So I think things have leveled out. There is certainly a place for private label to play. Its an important contributor for the retailer, but we dont see dramatic shifts as we go forward.
Robert Dickerson  Consumer Edge Research: Okay, great. And then just with respect to the Elan Nutrition acquisition, maybe just give me a little color as to why I guess I mean you obviously see health from the private-label snack and nutrition bar category with  versus another category?
Andr Hawaux: This is Andr. I think what we like about that business is what we are seeing in our core business that we have. We have a very large store brand bar business. They give additional capabilities, the things that we currently could not offer our customers, especially on the nutrition side that we see as a growing category. So we felt it was complementary to a business that weve seen grow very significantly the last several years actually. And these partnerships that we are developing with our customers continue to be bigger and bigger. And they are looking to us to provide more variety in our offering. And this organization provided us the ability to do that. So we feel its a really good complement that we are already doing, in a high growth business for us.
Operator: And well take a follow-up question now from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Thanks a lot. John, can you comment on the cash flows expected in F 11? I think you gave guidance of $1.2 billion. Does that number include the expected insurance proceeds and the tax incentives related to the sweet potato plant?
John Gehring: I think the tax incentives probably would  no, it depends on  those probably are not included in operating cash flow. So what Im talking about is $1.2 billion of operating cash flows. I dont know that weve got anything in there for the tax incentives, and I dont believe we would have built in anything additional into that number for the insurance receipts. Keep in mind, David, we have received $85 million of cash to date. I would expect us to obviously receive a sizable portion more, but we just dont what that is at this point until we get through the settlement process.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Really my question relates to capital spending, the $525 million guidance for F 11, that does include spending on a number of items that will actually receive cash, but its not in any of the guidance elements that you gave us. So when people do the simple calculation and take $1.2 billion of cash flow from ops minus CapEx, they will get the wrong answer in terms of total cash generation because you will in fact receive significant cash inflows from the two items I just mentioned. Is that correct?
John Gehring: Thats correct. There will be  certainly the insurance proceeds probably being the most significant one there of incremental cash we will receive. Its difficult to estimate that at this point. But clearly, the $525 million would be over the amount, net of those receipts that will define as we go through the year.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Andr, can  I want to follow back up on Erics question on new products. I really like this topic for you guys. The incrementality of new products I think is a major key for your company. Can you comment on, just in general, your expectations of the new product incrementality going forward? And I just was curious as to any insights you might have as to how the Mediterranean Steamer launch went.
Andr Hawaux: Okay. Ill take the second one first. The Mediterranean Steamer line has gone extremely well. We continue to be  I wouldnt say surprised, but we continue to be flattered by how well we do with steamers and anything we do as we move that platform. We really believe that has really changed the game in frozen foods. So weve done very well of that. And we continue to see, again, we are just introducing lunch now, Lunch Steamers, which will go out in the tail end of the first quarter into the second quarter. And that again will bring some things to the lunch offering that  where we have not been strong and where consumers have looked for innovation. So thats  we are very, very happy with where weve gone there. I think the incrementality for us is something that Gary mentioned that we talk about a lot. We are not looking to just produce fuse and line extensions and the flavor of the year or flavor of the quarter. We really are looking to separate ourselves with this notion of platform. So if you think about steaming, what thats done, thats a platform. If you think about  in shelf stable, fresh mixers in the Marie offering that we have now, it can be in the meal, has really been a platform. When you think about the acquisition weve made relative to Elan, thats really about a platform on bars and bringing other items there. So we really look at it that way. So were not going to be the ones that launch 400 to 500 SKUs. It doesnt fly with our philosophy of what we are trying to do. It really is around platform. So we believe, as a result of that, our innovation is going to be a whole lot stickier. And the last one weve also just recently done is this whole Micro-Rite tray, which provides the cooking capability in your microwave of what would be an oven-like feel, if you will. So those are kind of things that you will see from us that I think our stick rate would be significantly higher than most.
Operator: We will move to a follow-up question from Deutsche Bank and Eric Katzman.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking  I just want to be clear. Im not sure that my notes are fully in order. But the  in fiscal 2010, John, how much of a hit was the Slim Jim to you? And then, is that  and did you include that in the $1.74 as a cost of business, so kind of how we think about the proceeds that you are going to be getting?
John Gehring: Let me take that in pieces. I think the hit  the impact of that loss business was probably in the range of, I must say, $0.04 to $0.06. There is different ways to look at it. Our $1.74 reflects that negative factor. So weve not adjusted that. Weve just let it flow through $1.74. So, as we look ahead to fiscal 2011, we are still building back the profitability of that business as we get our long-term production capability right. So we wont be all the way to bright until very late in fiscal 11. As it relates to the insurance proceeds, I think as I said in my comments, we do expect to have a gain in fiscal 2011 related to the settlement of that insurance claim. However, we have not included any gain in our earnings growth estimate for fiscal 2011.
Operator: There are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, Ill hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter:
 :
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-03-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin  CEO Chris Klinefelter  VP, IR John Gehring  EVP and CFO Andr Hawaux  President, Consumer Foods Rob Sharpe  EVP, Chief Administrative Officer and President, Commercial Foods
Analysts: Bryan Spillane  Bank of America David Palmer  UBS David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Jacqui Engeltis [ph]  Morgan Stanley Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. This program is being recorded. My name is Jessica Morgan and I'll be your conference facilitator. All audience lines are currently in a listen-only mode. However, our speakers will address your questions at the end of the presentation during the formal question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin. And I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and, Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making these statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. And the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our Web site, under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. In reference to Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.50 has $0.06 of benefit from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in earnings per share of $0.44 on a comparable basis for this quarter. On that same basis, the $0.43 of diluted EPS from continuing operations recorded in the prior year quarter contains of $0.03 of net benefit from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.40 on a comparable basis. Now, I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. As you saw in our earnings report, this was another good quarter for us. Our momentum is continuing. And we're driving strong earnings per share growth. Within consumer foods, we delivered very high quality results on both the top and bottom line. Our sales volume margin and profit growth, along with our increased marketing investment, are positive signs of our ongoing progress. The stronger foundation you've heard us talk about on previous calls and in a fair amount of detail last month in our CAGNY presentation is really starting to show on our results. Third quarter diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.44 was 10% ahead of $0.40 a year ago on a comparable basis. That's the type of growth we expected for the quarter. We're on track for diluted EPS from continuing operations to approach $1.73 for the full fiscal year on a comparable basis, which is the guidance you've heard from us before. Net-net, the overall year's EPS is on track. Consumer foods drove the quarter's EPS progress. Sales increased 2%. Unit volumes increased 3%. Most importantly, operating profit was up 19% on a comparable basis. Sales growth was burdened by two points due to sliding in couponing investments related to new products as well as passing through a lower cooking oil commodity costs in the form of lower prices for certain products. If you adjust for these two factors, there's no erosion in price mix. Our commercial business continues to navigate a top restaurant environment. But through mix inefficiencies, this segment posted a 6% profit increase. Now, I'll say a bit more about each segment. We continue to post strong sales, units, margin, and profit results in consumer foods as well as good dollar and unit market share performance in aggregate. Our top line success continues to reflect the benefits of much improved marketing, innovation, and shopper insights initiatives you've heard us discuss before, and of course, reflect the benefit from strong overall execution. To highlight frozen, all three of our big brands, Healthy Choice, Marie Callendar's, and Banquet have grown market share fiscal year-to-date. And it goes without saying that they are having a very good year overall. I've talked before about why we're succeeding in frozen. Our innovation and marketing continues to set us apart. At CAGNY, we told you about our new frozen items like Healthy Choice Mediterranean steamers and Banquet dessert pies. And I also said we'd have some new products in the marketplace this summer. I'll give you a sneak peak today of one we're really excited about. We've got a very strong equity at Marie Callendar's. This brand is a very strong business for us. And it's continued its momentum growing net sales, taking substantial share, and picking up significant distribution in the premium frozen segment, all while holding steady on the price. We're reaching new consumers with Marie Callendar every day. In fact, we brought over 4 million new households to the brand in calendar 2009. And innovation has been a key to that growth, specifically, the Pasta al Dente line. This year, we're going to build domestic sense with more innovations. And today, I want to tell you about our Marie Callendar's new signature bakes that will start shipping in a couple of months. Marie Callendar's signature bakes is a great new way to create a true oven-quality baked meal for two, made in your microwave in just 10 minutes. These are nothing short of fantastic and perfect for the Marie Callendar's equity, which is built on very high quality home-cooked flavors. The other great thing about these meals is that they give a very strong  give us a very strong play in the two-person frozen meals segment, where there's growing consumer interest. And we're able to put these meals in the freezer case at about $6 for the consumer, which is a very, very good competitive price point. I've had these meals like Vermont, like cheddar mac and cheese, and chicken alfredo with sun dried tomatoes. And they are great. Signature bakes are a great example of using our deep expertise in microwave cooking to develop what consumers are looking for, high quality taste, something that really tastes like you spend all day making it from scratch, but which can be cooked in less than 10 minutes. In our testing, consumers gave Marie Callendar's signature bakes top concept, liking, and value ratings that we're looking forward to bakes being another successful platform for us in frozen after they start hitting the freezer case later this spring. That's just one example in a very exciting new product lineup shipping in the coming months. We'll have more innovation this summer from Marie Callendar's as well as significant new products from Healthy Choice, Chef Boyardee, and on Snack Pack, to name a few. As you can tell, our innovation pipeline is very strong and robust. And we will continue to prioritize our innovation activities with the focus on ROI and a strong execution of our "Fewer, Bigger, Better" approach. Another category of growing importance to us and to retailers is microwaveable shelf stable meals. Hosting center of store sales is key, and our analysis shows that shoppers would be open to shelf stable convenient meal purchases as long as their quality and health needs were met. Of the recent addition of Healthy Choice fresh mixers and Marie Callendar's home style creation to the category, we've achieved a strong share position in a short time and are helping build our category at retail. Indeed, we're neck-and-neck with the market leader in terms of the top share ranking. Our shopper marketing teams used deep insights to help drive traffic to this set, which is good for center of the store overall. To say more about this concept of shopper marketing, we continue to leverage our confidence and consumer insights and in-store behavior to help retailers understand how to maximize category sales opportunities. Strong insight and execution in shopper marketing are why we recently won the Gold Ogilvy Award, the top award across the industry for excellence in shopper marketing. Given the competition to these awards, our goal in the shopper marketing is quite a recognition. And I want to publicly congratulate our team on their success. Shopper marketing insights are very important in triggering demand for consumer purchases. Weve talked about this at CAGNY and in our other quarterly commentaries because we know this is making a difference. At the core, these insights help retailers determine how and when items within a category are promoted, their placement on the shelves, and product and category adjacencies that drive greater product visibility and usage. The proof, of course, is growing category sales. Some of the greatest benefits, though, are harder to quantify, but incredibly important in terms of our relationships with retailers and the opportunities that develop. Being able to bring our retail partners these kinds of business driving insights means a seat at the table for collaborative planning and deeper sharing of insights and strategies. Before I leave the topic of the strong consumer foods top line, I want to emphasize that we had quite a few other brands turning in good performance during the third quarter with sales gains from strong brands such as Chef Boyardee, Hunt's, and Pam. Our overall growth is coming from multiple channels, so the consumer foods business is healthy on several fronts. We've provided more brand details in the Q&A document associated with today's release. Key to our momentum is the success we're demonstrating in our supply chain. Our supply chain savings program continues to deliver, putting us on track for $300 million of consumer foods cost savings this fiscal year as we recently confirmed at CAGNY. This quarter was another strong one for cost savings in the consumer foods supply chain. And we're delivering cost savings considerably in excess of inflation. So the net savings have that much more of an impact in terms of allowing us to post earnings growth, while still increasing our investment in marketing and innovation. To that point, we increased consumer foods advertising and promotion by $12 million this quarter, and are on track for mid single-digit increase for the full fiscal year, indicating our desire and willingness to invest appropriately for future growth. This dynamic of utilizing productivity savings to drive the top line through marketing and innovation is the core of our model. Moving on to the commercial food segment, performance there was in line with our expectations, with more than 100% of sales decline coming from lower re-prices and the resulting pass-through impact on the top line at our flour milling operations. The underlying performance ConAgra mills continue to be very strong, just not quite as good as the remarkable quarter they had last year. Lamb Weston sales were up modestly, but the course was dampened by the continued challenges in the restaurant business. But due to focus on cost of mix, they grew profit. Commercial foods segment operating profit was up 6%, largely on increased manufacturing efficiencies in the mix. Flour milling profits remained strong. But as expected, were still down from last year's unusually strong amounts. As we look to the future, we know the commercial foods segment will navigate the environment as well or better than its competitors. And while this segment is not posting a high profit growth rate as it has done in recent years, its performance this fiscal year has been very good given the industry conditions. This is fundamentally a strong set of businesses. We continue to see the full year bottom line for the commercial foods segment to be about flat year-over-year. Although commercial foods posted profit growth in the first three quarters, we expect and to plan for a fourth quarter decline, the absence of the 53rd week and the negative impact of the cost allocation process change at Lamb Weston that we described earlier in the year by the bulk of this headwind. In summary, we're in a good position as a company. And you've heard me say before, this is a great time to be at ConAgra Foods. We expect our stronger foundation and our ongoing momentum will serve as well for the rest of the fiscal year and beyond. We're confident in our ability to meet our guidance. Thanks for joining us today. Now, I'll turn the call over to John for a more detailed financial perspective.
John Gehring: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to touch on four topics this morning. I'll begin with our third quarter performance highlights. Next, I'll address comparability matters. Then, on to cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items. And finally, some brief comments on our outlook. So starting with our third quarter performance, as Gary noted, we posted another strong quarter. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.50 versus $0.43 in the year ago period. Excluding items impacting comparability, fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.44, an increase of 10% over the prior year. Segment operating margins for both consumer and commercial showed continued improvement. The operating margin improvement was led by another strong performance year-over-year in consumer foods. This consumer foods operating margin performance reflects a more favorable input cost environment and strong productivity savings, offset by additional investment behind our brands and our innovation initiatives. Let me touch on a few other operating highlights for the quarter. First, as we've noted, the consumer foods segment turned in a very good quarter. This represents the fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year performance improvement. And as I commented last quarter and at CAGNY, we are executing well and consistently on each of our fundamentals, successful innovation, better marketing and merchandising, improved sales prophecies and performance resulting in stronger customer relationships and top-notch supply chain capabilities. As we continue to execute against these fundamentals, the benefit is showing up in our consistent delivery of good financial results. Inflation for our consumer foods business continues to trend favorably, slightly better than our expectations. Excluding materials related to the pass-through categories, such as cooking oil, are commodity costs were up slightly in the third quarter. For the full year, we still expect inflation to be in the low single digits as we still face some challenges with certain inputs, such as tomatoes, proteins, and steel. However, overall inflation trends are manageable. Our consumer foods supply chain cost reduction efforts continued to yield good results. Our team continued to execute against the long runway of cost reduction opportunities. And as Gary mentioned, we remain on track to deliver cost savings in the range of $300 million for the full year. While our strong cost savings performance has contributed to our earnings growth, it has also helped to fund investments in support of our new product introductions, offset surgical pricing adjustments, and also supported incremental marketing investments behind our brands. Based on the cost savings performance over the past several quarters and a significant pipeline of opportunities, we remain confident in the ability of our supply chain team to continue with consistent delivery of cost savings to the balance of fiscal 2010 and beyond. On marketing, consumer foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was up $12 million or 13%. As we continue our commitment to invest selectively and in an impactful way behind our key brands. And for this quarter, foreign exchange impacted consumer foods net sales favorably by 1%, while the impact on operating profit was immaterial. Turning now to our commercial foods segment, this business continues to execute well in a challenging food service environment, turning in a 6% increase on operating profit. The food service industry has been challenged over the past year-and-a-half. And we expect the recovery to be gradual given the broader economic challenges, including high unemployment. Nonetheless, we are confident in the ability of our commercial foods management teams to continue to navigate this environment well. On selling, general, administrative expenses for the total company, our core SG&A, which include the items such as advertising and promotion, incentives, commissions, and royalties, is tracking very close very close to our zero overhead growth or ZOG goal. We continue to challenge our team to control costs and to achieve high ROI on incremental G&A investments. Now, I'll move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. The 6% or  I'm sorry. The $0.06 per diluted share of benefit to this quarter's EPS came from three items. First, based on favorable developments and regulatory requirements, the company in the third quarter reduced its estimated liability for environmental cleanup costs at a site acquired many years ago as part of our Beatrice acquisition. As a result, we recognized a pre-tax benefit of approximately $15 million or $0.02. In addition, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $14 million $0.02 per share in connection with the sale of its lux brands. Lastly, our income tax expense for the quarter reflects approximately $0.02 of benefits from or lower normal tax rate. These benefits relate to favorable audit settlements and other changes in estimates. On hedging, for the third quarter, the net hedging impact on corporate expense was immaterial. For the year ago period, the net hedging benefit reflected in corporate expanse was approximately $35 million. Overall, items impacting comparability in the prior year third quarter amounted to $0.03 of net benefits. Now, let me turn to cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items for the quarter. First on cash flow, as we've commented previously, we are focused on cash flow. And our performance continues to reflect this focus. In fact, year-to-date, our cash flow from operating activities is approximately $1.1 billion, versus approximately $430 million in the year ago period, a very significant improvement. And we close the quarter with over $780 million of cash on hand and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to make good progress on a comprehensive set of working capital initiatives designed to drive an improvement over the next several years. We also remain confident that working capital improvements in the current year will generate in the range of $200 million of cash flow benefits. In addition, we continue to expect cash flows from operating activities to be in the range of $1.3 billion for the full year. Next, on capital expenditures, for the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $121 million versus 100 million in the prior year. We expect CapEx for fiscal 2010 to be in the range of $550 million, a bit lower than our previous estimate. This amount includes current year outlays related to our Slim Jim recovery, which we expect to be substantially funded by insurance proceeds; and approximately, $85 million relating our new sweet potato plant, which will be partially funded over time by tax incentives. Net interest expense was $49 million in the third quarter versus $42 million in the prior year. Interest income from the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations was approximately $21 million in the current quarter and $22 million in the year ago period. We remain very comfortable with the collectability of these notes. Dividends for the quarter increased to $89 million from $85 million in the prior year, principally due to the increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.19 to $0.20 per share, which took effect in the third quarter of this year. As we noted at CAGNY and in the release, our Board authorized a $500 million share repurchase program this quarter. We expect the program to span multiple years. To date, we have not acquired any shares under the program. And finally, a few comments on our fiscal 2010 outlook. We continue to expect our fiscal 2010 full year diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluding items impacting comparability to approach $1.73. As we noted in the release, we have earned $1.34 on a comparable year-to-date. And based on our assessment of the fourth quarter, including marketing and other investments as well as product costs and the outlook for the food service sector, we remain comfortable with our full year guidance. As a reminder, the prior year fourth quarter included an extra week, which will impact certain comparisons. Overall, I think our outlook reflects the momentum in our business as well as our plans to continue to invest in and execute on the strategic drivers on a long term success, innovation, marketing, sales execution, and supply chain efficiency. That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along, with Andr Hawaux and Rob Sharpe, will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn over to the operator to begin with the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now wed like to get you to an important part of todays call, taking your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted via the telephone. (Operator Instructions) And it looks like our first question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Hi. Good morning.
John Gehring: Good morning.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Just a couple of questions, one  first, Gary, I guess just looking at the level of couponing that you did in the quarter. Im just looking at that negative spread between revenue growth and volume. First of all, do you expect that to continue into the fourth quarter? And then second, if you could talk more specifically about how much of that was in the frozen category. It seems, just based on your comments, it's  it appears that maybe you had lost some market share in Healthy Choice. And are you having to coupon or discount more in order to support that bread?
Andr Hawaux: Bryan, this is Andr. Let me take that. So as Gary articulated, we have a very robust-type line of innovation that's  that we are going to be launching, including some of the items that he described. So our investment behind those in the fourth quarter and into next year, well continue to invest behind launching those products. That said, in terms of what happened in this particular quarter, we invested significantly of our slotting and couponing investment that we made about 65% to 70% of it was behind our frozen business. And that was to launch new items specifically. That was not to prop up. Your other prior question was to say that we have lost some share, and we were couponing or discounting a Healthy Choice. That was not the case. We were putting coupons behind the new products around, the new Mediterranean steamers we launched, and the new natural line extensions that we launched specifically. The rest of the slotting really and the couponing fell behind our snacks portfolio. And as you recall, when we were at CAGNY, we talked about the new one-step cheese items that we were launching, and that was to (inaudible).
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Bryan, the other piece of that gap between volume and sales is just our pass through pricing on Weston oil and spreads. Oil has come down dramatically versus a year ago. It's not a margin issue. Its not a trade issue. Its purely just a pass through. So those two things, when Andr talked about in terms of new product investment, slotting around, some coupon to launch products, and this pass through pricing that accounts for all of the  everything else is basically just fine.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Okay. Just Andr, on the slotting, did you  for the product that you put in, the new products you put in, was that  is that incremental? Is that extra or new shelf space? Or is it replacing  is your shelf set still the same?
Andr Hawaux: The line share of it is new, so incremental. There were a couple of skews that were replacement for some poor performer. But I'd say 90%-plus of it was incremental. And we are getting a very positive receptivity from our retailers. Dough Knudsen and his team has been out lately talking to new costumers about the new items. And were getting very, very strong reception. So we're largely going to see most of that become incremental for us.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move now to UBS and David Palmer.
David Palmer  UBS: Thanks. Hi, guys.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
John Gehring: Good morning.
David Palmer  UBS: The question comes to this quarter that were looking back at, the January and February reporters for the packaged food sector have been showing some, to many eyes, fairly unsatisfying volume performance, particularly given the easy comparison that this sector had over that same time period. What was it do you think for the industry perspective that seemed to dampen December, and even to greater degree, January numbers? Have you seen improvement in February and into March that makes you feel like the two-year trend on volume can improve because it seems that  that is a key issue for folks right now is getting the sense that  that volume can improve on a two-year basis such that that can carry the top line from here with little pricing. Thats my first question.
Gary Rodkin: David, I can tell you that weve seen good momentum in our volume to continue and we expect to see that kind of momentum continue. And its really based on the fact that  that weve got good productivity to use as fuel. Our marketing fundamentals continue to getting better and better. Our relationships with our customers, our retailers are very strong. And maybe most importantly, weve got a very robust innovation pipeline. So were seeing our momentum on the volume continue. And we can see that go into next year as well. And lets also remember weve got non-measured channels, too.
David Palmer  UBS: One of the things thats  that is troubling folks with regard to frozen entre category in particular is the lack of momentum in the category period. So share gains get you something, perhaps something that doesnt last forever. When is that category going to get going, and relieve that pressure and that feeling that this is will be one-and-done situation for you, where you call back some share, than the category goes to, perhaps, another  a painful process where retailers start to deemphasize that category, perhaps, at the expense of margins from manufacturers. Could you just address the health of the category?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I can see in measured channels there is a bit of softness in that category. Probably, at some point in the not too distant future start to flatten out as  as the economy starts to flatten-out. But in our case, we're seeing very strong repeat rates on our innovation. So we're seeing our combination of value orientation on Banquet and innovation; on health and wellness, on Healthy Choice; innovation on Marie Callendar's. Those fundamentals are working for us in keeping consumers coming back again and again. So the fundamental, the organic growth is good for us on frozen.
Andr Hawaux: Yes, and David, I would just like to emphasize one thing. I mean I think in this quarter, in measured channels, every one of our brands in the single-serve meals, that would be Banquet, that would be Marie Callendars and Healthy Choice, gain share. And what were hearing from retailers as what they like from ConAgra and what were bringing is were bringing innovation and something that the category has lacked for a while. So I would say that the response we've gotten from costumers has been very, very positive. We have not heard them talking about deemphasizing this category at all. Quite the contrary, theyve been very happy with the innovation that we've brought. And they're also looking at this bake idea that were bringing in with Marie Callendar's in the multi-serve as being innovation were bringing there as well.
David Palmer  UBS: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investor Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Andr Hawaux: Good morning.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: A couple of questions here, a number of detailed questions actually. So John, I wanted to go back to your comments on the zero overhead growth. Can you explain one more time the corporate expense line? I think it was up something like 28% year-over-year. And I know Im getting lost here on the zero-overhead growth concept in that 28% increase. How do you reconcile these? And how should we think about the corporate expense line going forward? And then, a follow-up, if you will.
John Gehring: Okay. First of all, David, yes, where  we've probably got some apples in with the oranges here. But let me start with a  we talked about core SG&A, we're looking at SG&A across all of the company. So when youre looking at the corporate expense, thats just one slice of the SG&A. So you need to look at as the whole company P&L for the core SG&A, and thats again where we can focus and drive discipline into the company across all SG&A. On the corporate expense, again, as you understand, corporate expense can be impacted by a number of factors including how you allocate core sales to the business as year-over-year. But the way we look at corporate expenses in a normal year, I think were probably looking at something in a 350 to 375. One of the reasons its up this year is we've got certain cost that reside in corporate that we're up. A portion of that is as we've addressed in the release, is incentives are up somewhat this year over the last year just given the performance year-over-year. So a lot of that deal gets trap in that corporate expense numbers. So thats part of the key points Ive raised at this point.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, David, I would just add  you know we've got significant up-and-down leverage in that bonus, and last year was a pretty tough year for us, this year is pretty good year. So that clearly is a major factor.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Would it be more fair to look at that corporate expense sign over a multi-year period?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I think thats one way to look at it. Again, this year we're going to really end up in that 375 to 400 range for the year end again, because if some other things will get tract in corporate there's far more volatility to that. But again, thats just one component of the total SG&A.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay. Three other quick ones on the P&L, is it the tax rate? Is the fourth quarter really going to be a 41% tax rate to get the full year to 35%? And then the joint venture number, the earnings there were down a good bit versus what we we're looking for, and I believe on the year-over-year. And then last question, Gary is, what is the $12 million in marketing as a percent? Like high $12 million, sometimes its hard for folks on the outside to understand it on the absolute dollar basis, easier to know when you talk about it on a percentage basis?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Just to take the last one. Thats about 13% increase. So last year was around $100 million, so another 12%, 13%.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Thank you.
Rob Sharpe: And David, its Rob. Let me try to address the joint venture one. As we've said in the past, the venture on that venture line, the biggest piece of it is Lamb Weston Myer venture in Europe. And that business tends to make most of its money in six months out of the year, but picking which six months its going to be is always a challenge. Right now you continue to see plentiful low-priced potatoes in Europe and what you got is a very fragmented market there with a lot of small competitors that will sometimes just run for variable profit. Not that there is no core issue with that business, but you will see that line bounce around from quarter to quarter. Last years quarter happen to be one of the better quarters of the year, and this year, that wasnt the case.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: And the comment on the tax rate?
John Gehring: Yes, David. We looked at our tax rate on a normalized basis to be in the range of 35% this year. We would expect that to be the case also in the fourth quarter. Whats happening in the map perhaps is that when you look at the year-to-date net-net we've had a number of favorable one-time items that we have called out that are reflected in our year-to-date tax rate, which probably puts it somewhat below 35%. But our normalize rate for the fourth quarter, we expect to be right there at that 35% range.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thanks a lot everyone.
John Gehring: Thank you.
Operator: Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley has our next question.
Jacqui Engeltis  Morgan Stanley: Hi, this is Jacqui Engeltis [ph] standing in for Vincent. Is it healthy to talk a little bit about your outlook on the overall promotional environment given that one pre-large retailers who have been pre-vocal about stepping up its promotional activities, and how you view that, and then if you think that this is implication across the broader retailer landscape?
Andr Hawaux: Okay, Jacqui, this is Andre. In terms of what we've seen, we've seen the environment actually has been barely steady and most of our categories, with the possible exception of those that we have had to pass through significant raw material declines around oil and spreads. So I think I understand your comment about some of the retailer comments but we've not seen that, so we continue to see fairly consistent levels of promotional activity at price point that right now were reasonably comfortable with in terms of what we've had in our business for the last three quarters. We haven't seen an abrupt change in that landscape.
Jacqui Engeltis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Well hear now from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: I want to follow up a little bit  I think it was on Dave Driscolls question regarding the marketing spending. I realize that youre spending, I think, the number is about 5% of your consumer sales, which is pretty competitive. But it just seems in terms of change, Im sure you've noticed this, Gary, that other companies are boosting that number 20%, 30% levels. So do you think that your level is competitive or is it just the nature of the industry now? Maybe this is going into promotion and its going more into advertising but how do you think about that?
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I think that we  we're basing our stand on where we think we can strike that right balance of effectiveness and efficiency. So I think the impact at the current level is a very good one. So we will  well continue to evaluate on a bottom line mindset. Its a bit more art and science, but it's the mindset of ROI on our market stand. And Id say we're in the right ball park and well continue to stay there and we probably will continue to see increase in our marketing spending but I don't see that jumping to a huge degree. Yes. I think we're in the right zone.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then
John Gehring: And then one thing I would add, Im sorry, is  I think if you look at our numbers and youre 5% number is correct in the aggregate, I think its a little bit misleading because  I think the way to look at it  the way I look at it internally along with Gary is that ROI mindset. But more importantly, I think you have to look in and strip a part where we're spending the money in our pillars, because then it starts to look significantly more. So for instance, in our specialty business as an example, our Wesson oil business and our spread  some of our lower tier brand, we don't spend any dollars yet we generate a lot of sales, if you will. So I think you have to take a look at it against the brands that we're spending in. Then you start to get into numbers that are meaningfully more than 5% and I think thats probably the right way to start looking at it. Looking at ConAgra and aggregate, yet it is not the way to look at it, because if you look at some of Robs was, you see we don't spend any A&T there. So I think for us in the consumer space, we get down at the brand level and the pillar level and I think thats the right way to look at it.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: All right, thats a fair comment, and if I could just follow up on the commercial side, McCormick earlier this morning talked about trying to see somewhat better growth out of food service distributors, signs of life there. General Mills yesterday also commented the same. So given your exposure to that area, is  you said  you seemed to me that you are still a bit cautious. How do I think about that? Is it because the QSR exposure that you have? Or why shouldn't we look at the demand there getting better with the other companies commenting that things are starting to show signs of life?
Gary Rodkin: Eric, Ill echo what they have said in that we are seeing signs of life that would lead me to conclude we're off the bottom. When we're being a little conservative and cautious here because if you look at the core food service industry, and Ill exclude quick service restaurant from this, therere a lot of restaurants that are still barely hanging on. So I see signs of life, we see signs of life, it certainly makes us more optimistic than we were a quarter ago, but I just don't think we're quite ready to call a trend yet and build that into a nearing forecast.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. If I could just ask one last quick one, just on the tax rate and the outlook. Is there  is the change in the environmental liability  is that  does that have any impact on 2011? Is that an ongoing thing in  is that  does that mean 35% is a good rate to hold in for next year also?
John Gehring: Yes. I think there's two pieces there, so first of all on the environmental issue. Thats a  we've  we inherited a basket of environmental liabilities 18 years ago. We just had a development on one of those properties, and so which we do that clearly as a one-time item. And then on the tax rate, again, I would reiterate what I said before, I think 35% is the reasonably good estimate for a normalized tax rate.
Gary Rodkin: And just to echo Johns point, that the 35% we're talking about would exclude unusual items like environmental liability, so they're different issues.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Yes, got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well listen next to Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Good morning every one.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Gary, I know that for a while there you were breaking out consumer food sales from enable versus priority brands standpoint. And what Im curious is  now its more on a more consolidated basis. Is your business in a different place where it really doesn't make sense anymore to look at in on that basis? Im trying to get a sense of the shift and what that says about where youre at from your business fundamental standpoint?
Gary Rodkin: In our strategic planning a year ago, went to strategic pillars and rather than (inaudible) into priority and enable brands, we now have them broken into pillars-like convenient meals, potatoes, et cetera snacks. So thats the way that we look at the business now, and that has helped us in terms of the way we focus our resources. So it isnt anything more than that.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then you've been benefiting  youre quite a bit as you talk about from more value cost to consumer and some of the brands that really worked, resonate with that kind of consumer and that sort of a retailer. What type of data do you have that helps you to get a sense of what the performance of some of those brands do when the economies start to turn around? Does the increase trial and value orientation of these brands tend to stick pretty well, or can you move people typically within your people up with in your brand franchise just to one that are somewhat more premium. Just trying to get sense because obviously thats been an incredible help to your business of late?
Gary Rodkin: Yes. We believe very strongly that value is here to stay. That theres a large portion of the population that is going to continue to look very hard at value even as the economy starts to flatten and turn a little bit. So we believe the value proposition has fundamentally changed. On the other side of the coin, we're going to have to work hard as an industry to get growth from the more premium products in the way that we actually do our innovation. We've got certainly the potential to capture folks as they look to move up given the innovation in a more valued brands. But I think really choose to look at it on both sides, or well position in both places.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks every one.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
John Gehring: Thank you.
Operator: Well take a question now from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Good morning.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I have one follow up for you in one of the question, and that is, if you look at Healthy Choice in the quarter, excluding  and maybe a better question be frozen (inaudible) overall, excluding some of the couponing and the slowing could you see growth in frozen sales? I saw that Healthy Choice sales were down as one that you called out. Would that have been up without some of the spending in the quarter?
Andr Hawaux: Yes. The reason that you saw Healthy Choice down  this is Andr, Chris.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes.
Andr Hawaux: the reason you saw Healthy Choice down in the quarter was the lion share of the slowing and couponing were for new items on the Healthy Choice line. So that Mediterranean steamer line is a Healthy Choice product as are the introduction of the added skew into the natural line up. So without that, you would have seen positive growth as we saw with Marie and for Banquet frozen.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then I had another one just related to Q4. It sounds like you got pretty heavy new products that are coming through. So we expect  shall we expect any improvement in shipments in the fourth quarter around some of these new products. Is that going to be like a one-time benefit coming through or you just start to ship these products?
Andr Hawaux: Yes. I think the noise youre going to see though in the fourth quarter is we've got these items shipping. But as John articulated, we're going to be dealing with the 53rd week in the last fourth quarter, so therell be some puts and takes. And again, as John said, itll be hard to judge all those things but, yes.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And the last question I have for you just relative to the consumer foods operating margin. You made some very good progress through this year. You have a lot of cost savings coming up. Have you gone out and said that it's where you foresee that margin going? I think you've made some general comments about that. But we're getting in a much better sense of the strength of the cost savings, which would seem to help that March. It could even move higher as long as you don't have any material incremental marketing spin. (inaudible) you said you did not, so.
Chris Klinefelter: Why don't I start? This is Chris. We have not offered a firm number on the target for consumer foods operating margins. We certainly have a lot of upside, and continually well narrow the gap at our peer set. We're at the mid-teens now. Theres no reason that can't keep going or
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Credit Suisse's Robert Moskow has our next question.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Hi. I just have a different kind of question. I understand theres some legislation hanging out there out of California, by the congressman out at California that would require a lot of incremental spending on food safety. I want to know if you would look at it; it probably won't pass in its current form. But as you look at your CapEx budget, which is unusually high this year, the way I think that maybe we have one more year thats high, and then we can normalize at a lower level, which I think would be great for your cash flow. But do you see any incremental spending that will have to be done to ramp up food safety issues? Or do you feel like youre doing what you need to be doing right now?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Robert, over the last few years we have spent a significant amount of money. I think we've even talked about it being about $400 million on infrastructure, really focused against product quality and food safety. So we are in very, very good shape from that perspective. Id say, looking more as a leader rather than a lager as we might have a few years ago. So we're in pretty good shape overall from an infrastructure standpoint.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Okay. And for the follow-up?
Gary Rodkin: And in effect that means  that means that the capital that you see as deploying a go-forward basis is going to shift more into growth and cost savings versus just having to spend the bulk of it on infrastructure.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Right. And just in terms of fourth quarter, I guess I got a little ahead of myself here on numbers, but Im trying to figure out why operating income would be down in fourth quarter, which seems to be whats implied by the guidance. You mentioned Lamb Weston. You mentioned the 53rd week. But really, your margins are structurally higher. You have a better foundation, and the inflation is not hurting you. So is there something  another investment thats going on in fourth quarter? Is it higher incentive accrual? Is that going to hit fourth quarter too?
Gary Rodkin: Robert, Clearly that will be factor in Q4. I think the biggest pieces are the fact we didn't have a 53rd week. But maybe most importantly, we're going against the really tough commercial overlap. So thats going to be a tough one, but importantly, we still expect to see consumer up. So the fundamentals of the business still look very good. We still feel very good about the full year and the momentum continuing. Its just a bit of optics.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
Operator: Well take your question now from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Could I ask about the commodities situation and how youre feeling about that right now, particularly in consumer? It seems to me that meat prices are beginning to trend up again. We've been seeing that for a while. But all those things that are coming in, sugar, and so on. How do you see the outlook over the next few quarters? Is it benign? Is it looking a little bit more challenging? And will you be able to take pricing if the commodity situation is getting a little bit more tricky?
Gary Rodkin: Id say with price, we're seeing something a little more than benign. But, yes, so some of the things you mentioned certainly are going to put some pressure on us. But we also, given our portfolio, there're also some places where we see the trends going the other way. So in some of the crop-based businesses we have where some of those crops were up this year, we expect those to come down. So across the whole portfolio, I think we're looking at still fairly modest inflation, probably in the 3% range. So we think, given our cost savings opportunities, we think  we think we still have a really good place in terms of managing our costs and continuing the momentum in the business. So I think thats  I think I'm feeling good about it.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Great. So you wouldnt anticipate needing to take any pricing? The productivity in part will cover the commodity situation.
Andr Hawaux: We're not planning on taking pricing. Obviously, if things go significantly differently than what we planned, we are very much on top of it. But its not in our plan.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Thats great. Thanks very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We're here now from Consumer Edge Research and Eric Serotta.
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Good morning. Last quarter, you guys referred to a reference that your growth in non-measured channels was actually slower than your growth in the measured or tracked channel. You attributed it largely to the Slim Jim situation. And secondarily, you did highlight the timing of some promotional activity with some large EDLP customers  I'm sorry, with some large customers. Could you explain what happened this quarter in terms of your growth in tracked versus non-tracked channels? It seemed like Slim Jim was a major impact.
Andr Hawaux: Yes, Eric. This is Andr. I'd say we got better balance. The things that you eluded for the last quarter were in fact in play. I think this quarter, we happen to get much more balance across our non-measured and our measured channels. Again, a lot of that's going to  every quarter is going to be different. They're going to be timing issues related to one versus the other. So I think we felt very good about where our Q3 performance came in was actually very balanced.
Operator: And we'll have a follow-up question now from David Driscoll.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Two points, Gary, the first one is just on the overall price environment. You made a number of comments about what happened to you in the quarter. But maybe could you just give  ConAgra's in a lot of different aisles in the grocery store. I think you probably have one of the best perspectives at what is happening. Do you see the retailers really putting the pressure on the manufacturers to reduce price? We get this question tremendously. And then the second question will just be on the private label. Whats the update on the trends in private label versus your product?
Gary Rodkin: I can tell you, David, that pricing is all about both manufacturer and retailer, about getting the right price of the value, I think weve been very good in terms of our insights on our products, and our discussions with our customers, our retail partners on what are those price thresholds are. Thats a very important term. So its not always about taking the price down lower, lower, and lower. Sometimes, the analyst will tell you that actually a higher price will sell more volume. And we have some pretty good examples of that. So certainly theres plenty of pressure for value, theres no question about that but its really about getting the right price points. We feel pretty good that were in pretty good shape from that perspective. And then on the  what was the second question there?
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: The second question is just on private label. I feel like a year ago, every conference call was a question about, "How was private label negatively affecting different company' businesses. I dont hear the question much anymore but you guys sell some private label on your  as part of your portfolio. And of course, private label competes against you in a number of key areas, like PAM and Reddi-Wip, can you just give us an update as to how the trends are?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that your observation is correct. Its pretty flat right now. I think, that gap has closed as a lot of many manufacturers have figured out that pricing architecture that I referred to before. So right now, were seeing across the board pretty flat performance from private label. There are some places. We certainly have a business where the private label business continues to be very good. But net-net, as an overall industry, its pretty stable.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks for the comment.
Gary Rodkin: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question now from Eric Katzman.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. And for somebody who followed the company for a long time, I just  I want to compliment you on the  taking all the questions on the conference call. It's so different from the way the company used to be. It really is appreciated. Okay. Just John, maybe you could just  just so I'm clear because there're items in and out. And I know the corporate expense line is pretty volatile. But what do you have for the fourth quarter or year-ago corporate line, just so I know if you were talking about 400 million or less for this year, that it just  based on what I have, it seems like that that might actually be flat to down versus a year ago based on what you've booked the first three quarters.
John Gehring: I do not have that in front me. The other thing that that's  we have to look at is that there tend to be gains from sales of assets and business that could flow into that also. So I just don't have the number.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Chris, you could get back to me after the call.
Chris Klinefelter: We'll be happy to follow-up, apologize.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we're available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-12-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Rodkin  President & CEO John Gehring  EVP & CFO Chris Klinefelter  VP IR Andre Hawaux  President Consumer Foods Robert Sharpe  President Commercial Foods  
Analysts:  Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Palmer - UBS Securities  David Driscoll - Citigroup  Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities  Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital  Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus  Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse  Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein  Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to ConAgra Foods second quarter 2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer, ConAgra Foods. 
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Happy Holidays. This is Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Chris Klinefeller : Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our companys direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC which include cautionary language.  Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our website under the financial reports and filings link, and then choosing non-GAAP reconciliations.  In reference to Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.55 has $0.03 of net benefit from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in EPS of $0.52 on a comparable basis for this quarter.  On that same basis, the $0.38 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.05 of net expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.43 on a comparable basis.  Now Ill turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin : Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today Ill recap our second quarter results and will talk about the drivers of our strong performance particularly our good top line results in market shares in consumer foods.  Ill also discuss other areas of significant progress that are giving us a great deal of confidence about our ability to keep delivering high quality growth. After that, John Gehring our CFO, will run you through a few more financial details.  Were very pleased with the numbers we turned in for the quarter but also with how we got there meaning that market shares, units, dollar sales, and brand investment all moved in the right direction to produce very high quality results in our consumer foods segment.  For those of you whove been following us, you know that we needed to put some fundamentals in place and build greater brand strength to get to where we could deliver the results that investors will value. Those fundamentals are centered on more and better marketing, real innovation, great in store execution, and very strong cost savings efforts in our consumer foods supply chain.  Im happy to say that were seeing the results of our efforts and are benefitting from stronger consumer pull for our products and more tightly run operations as well as better input cost trends. Were on a path of consistent execution and sustainable growth just as we said wed be. Lets get into some specifics, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.55 as reported and $0.52 excluding items impacting comparability, up 45% as reported and up 21% on a comparable basis.  Were pleased with EPS for the quarter and feel very positive about where were headed this fiscal year. In fact were expecting fiscal 2010 diluted EPS to now approach $1.73, ahead of the last guidance we offered.  Operating profit for consumer foods increased 31%. This was the fourth consecutive quarter of profit growth in that segment. Obviously thats really important but Im even more pleased that we got there showing quality volume and sales growth.  Consumer food sales increased 3% and volume increased 2% and thats after absorbing the lost Slim Jim volume during the brands recovery period as well as pruning some underperforming SKUs. We gave you the details of those factors in the release.  Our good underlying growth occurred on the back of some very strong market share and sales results among major brands, that play a key role in our growth platforms. Ill talk about that more in a few minutes.  In commercial foods sales were down driven primarily by lower pass through costs on wheat in our milling operations. But also reflecting a bit of top line softness in the Lamb Weston and Gilroy businesses. As Im sure you know its a tough environment for restaurant sales but our team is holding its own.  This segment showed some improvement from last year on the bottom line, driven by strong milling performance and by Lamb Weston. So lets get into a bit more detail on the success were seeing from the consumer foods group.  Overall brand strength continues to improve particularly our aggregate portfolio had good market share performance particularly in our most significant priority categories where we invested most of our marketing.  Some of our strongest share performances were in frozen dinners, canned pasta, cooking oil, shelf stable entrees, and shelf stable desserts. All of those categories showed better than a full point of share improvement. Were growing at our largest customer in non-measured channels but our fastest rate of growth has been in measured channels this quarter.  As you know a focus area for us is the convenient meals category, an area where we have strength, where we can grow more, and an area thats important to both retailers and consumers. Our frozen portfolio is our biggest play within convenient meals and it did especially well during the quarter with all three of our big frozen brands, Banquet, Healthy Choice, Marie Callenders taking share, growing volume, and growing profits in the quarter.  Healthy Choice isnt our only frozen success story, were just as happy with the performance of Marie Callenders. Marie is another premium brand built on taste and quality where were expanding into another eating occasion, lunchtime, with Pasta El Dente, and Home Style Creations. Banquet is another example of a brand thats getting stronger based on solid fundamentals driven by our reengineering at the line. As weve talked before we changed the makeup of the Banquet Single Serve dinners to play even more squarely to our remarkable manufacturing efficiency in this area. We discontinued less profitable items, added new varieties, and recreated traditional favorites. Its certainly paid off with these very good results.  Our convenient meals lineup also includes Chef Boyardee, a brand that also grew nicely in the second quarter with sales up double-digits and volume up almost that much, along with substantial share gains in the category.  Again good velocity on the base business for Chef Boyardee was the driver for the brand. Our obviously delicious and secretly nutritious marketing campaign which lets moms know that each serving of Chef Boyardee Beef Ravioli contains a full serving of vegetables has been very successful.  How do we know, we measured perception change as well as buying patterns among our existing users and our growth target. The good news is that 80% of both groups indicated that they learned something new about the brand and both are significantly increasing their purchases of Chef Boyardee. This connection with consumers on news thats meaningful to them really does have the power to change behavior.  Another brand that posted very good success this quarter is Hunts, canned tomato sales and profits were up double-digits and market shares were strong. Were enjoying success as we leverage our insights about consumer preference for the quality that we deliver using our flash steaming process. Weve enjoyed great success with the recent Hunts advertising and now weve taken it up a level with a new campaign, the Crash Kitchen Tour which features real consumers and encourages them to swap the brand theyre using for Hunts. This new campaign coupled with strong merchandising with our key customers and managing to keep price points is resonating. In a nutshell weve seen share and velocity gains on the Hunts brand that demonstrates its staying power and weve very pleased with the results.  We saw really nice growth in other important areas this quarter as well, like Orville Redenbachers Popcorn, Peter Pan Peanut Butter, and Snack Pack Pudding. Broad based progress like this reinforces our confidence in the long-term potential of our portfolio and we hope that youre as excited as we are to see it taking shape. We also continue to make major progress on the cost savings front, turning in another quarter of substantial savings. You have heard us say before that we have a long runway of productivity. This is one area of the business where weve consistently proven our ability to execute. Productivity savings remain a cornerstone of our plans and Im confident that will continue to be the case.  With half a year behind us, we can safely say that well over deliver on our savings goals. John will have more on this in a few minutes. That allows us to increase our marketing investments, which we did this quarter in the range of $24 million as well as drive meaningful profit growth for the segment.  You can see that our demonstrated competence and opportunity in this area plays a key role in providing the fuel for sustainable profitable growth going forward. Consumer foods inflation is much different now than a year ago with this quarter showing slight inflation when we exclude pass through inputs like cooking oil. Second quarter input costs were lower in aggregate for consumer foods when we include pass through costs in our analysis. John will say more on this in a few minutes. Looking forward we expect low single-digit inflation for the fiscal year in consumer foods excluding the pass through items. So that means a bit of headwind but nothing like we experienced last fiscal year or the year before.  Overall for consumer Im very pleased with the quarter but more importantly very excited about the momentum and the long-term growth potential we see. John will talk in a few minutes about a few comparable items that negatively impacted sales and volumes such as SKU rationalization and the impact from our Slim Jim business.  Despite those items we had good increases in net sales and volume, picked up considerable share in the marketplace, and significantly grew profits. Those gains put us in a good position for the second half of our fiscal year and beyond.  In our commercial food segment we continue to post profit growth despite being in a business thats fairly tough right now given that consumers are eating out less. To be able to continue to grow profits during the second quarter was a win in this environment and reflected a great performance from ConAgra Mills, and good work from our team at Lamb Weston.  Lamb Weston, our frozen potato business grew profits but volume and sales decreased due to slower demand from restaurants. Lower demand, excess industry processing capacity, and strong crop yields across the industry combined to put pressure on the industry which effects our top line and also puts pressure on our mix. That being said I have complete faith in this business and its ability to work its way through this difficult period better than any competitor. Lower flour prices drove the overall commercial segment sales decline. Lower wheat costs mean lower selling prices. Thats not a sign of weaker milling business, its just what happens in a commodity operation when large fluctuations in input costs get passed on to customers in terms of changed prices.  The underlying milling business is performing remarkably well on all fronts from sales execution to efficiencies in the mills to very smart sourcing of our wheat. In the rest of the segment we also faced some headwinds in dehydrated products, seasonings, and blends. That business has some challenges but the overall impact on the segment is fairly small.  Given a slower pace of the recovery of the food service sector we continue to expect some year over year profit declines for this segment in the back half of the year. Flour milling will face some difficult comparisons in the second half. Also we expect the decline at Lamb Weston in our fiscal fourth quarter as we incur the negative impact of some cost process changes we implemented this fiscal year.  To echo what we put in the supporting Q&A document for this release, those changes benefited the first half by about $0.02 per share, and they will reverse by that amount in the back half largely in the fourth quarter netting to no material impact on a full year basis. Taking all this into consideration we expect full year segment results to be about flat with last year.  Im confident in the future of the commercial business and am pleased with that weve been able to hold our own in this segment despite the tough economic environment. Regarding our full year plans together for the total company, we of course have to take into account the economic conditions that continue to weigh on consumers, the intense customer and comparative environments and the fact that inflation wont always be as tame as it has been recently.  Having said that given our strong performance to date, and our growth prospects for the consumer food segment, as well as our excellent management of the commercial operations in a tough environment, were confident in our ability to deliver a strong fiscal year that meets our new guidance of EPS approaching $1.73 excluding items impacting comparability.  I know John will make this point so I wont dwell on it much, but the upwardly revised $1.73 is even stronger than it appears. Yes weve essentially flowed through all of the over delivery so far this year, but thats not all there is to it. While we expect to receive significant business interruption proceeds in fiscal 2010 relating to the Slim Jim plant accident, we now expect to recognize that recovery in our income in fiscal 2011 instead of 2010. Fiscal 2011 is when we expect the final settlement of the claim, so the fact that we can take this years EPS up despite the delay in recording the business interruption insurance really speaks to the strength of our business. Thanks for joining us today, and now Ill turn the call over to John for a more detailed financial perspective. 
John Gehring : Thank you Gary, and good morning everyone. Im going to touch on four topics this morning. First our second quarter performance highlights, next Ill address comparability matters, then onto cash flow, capital and balance sheet items, and finally some brief comments on our outlook.  With respect to our second quarter performance as Gary noted we posted another strong quarter. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.55 versus $0.38 in the prior year. Excluding items impacting comparability fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.52, an increase of 21% over the prior year.  Segment operating margins showed continued improvement. The operating margin improvement was led by a strong performance in the consumer foods business which increased its operating profit margin by 350 basis points over the prior year. This consumer foods performance reflects a more favorable input cost environment and strong productivity savings as well as good sales results.  Let me touch on a few other operating highlights for the quarter, first as we noted the consumer foods business turned in a very good quarter. This represents the fourth consecutive quarter of year over year performance improvement. We are executing well and consistently on the fundamentals that drive sustainable, profitable growth.  These fundamentals include successful innovation, better marketing and merchandising, sales execution through strong customer partnerships, and strong supply chain capabilities. And the benefit of this execution is showing up in our consistent delivery of good financial results. Inflation for our consumer foods business continues to trend favorably, slightly better than our expectations. Overall in the second quarter we had net deflation in the low single-digits, however the net deflation was driven in large part by favorability related to vegetable oil costs, a large portion of which gets passed through on our product pricing for related products such as Wesson Oil. Excluding materials related to pass through categories, our costs were essentially flat.  For the full year we expect costs to be approximately flat as we still face some challenges with certain inputs such as tomatoes, proteins, and steel. However overall the inflation trends are manageable. Our consumer foods supply chain cost reduction efforts continue to yield good results delivering approximately $90 million in the quarter. Our consumer foods supply chain team continues to execute against a long runway of cost reduction opportunities. Taking into account the first half of cost savings performance we currently estimate that cost savings will be in the range of $300 million for the full year. While a portion of these incremental savings drives earnings improvement, a portion also offsets surgical pricing adjustments and provides fuel for accelerating investments in marketing and innovation.  Based on goods cost savings performance over the past several quarters, and a significant pipeline of opportunities, we remain confident in the ability of our supply chain team to continue its consistent delivery of cost savings. Consumer foods advertising and promotion expense for the quarter was up $24 million, more than 25% as we continue our commitment to invest selectively and in an impactful way behind our key brands.  For this quarter foreign exchange impacts on consumer foods net sales and operating profit were immaterial. Turning now to our commercial foods segment, these businesses continue to compete very effectively in a challenging food service environment turning in a slight increase in operating profit.  The food service industry has been challenged over the past four quarters and we expect this recovery to be slow given the broader economic challenges including high unemployment. We are confident in the ability of our commercial foods management teams to continue to navigate this environment well. On selling, general and administrative expenses, our core SG&A which excludes items such as advertising and promotion, incentives, commissions, and royalties, is tracking very close to our zero overhead growth or ZOG goal. We continue to focus on cost control and challenge our team to meet our annual goal of zero overhead growth. Now Ill move onto my second topic, items impacting comparability. First on hedging, in the second quarter we had approximately $6 million of net hedging benefits in corporate expense or approximately $0.01 per diluted share which we treat as a comparability item.  Secondly, our income tax rate for the quarter reflects approximately $0.02 of benefit from our lower than normal tax rate. These benefits arose from adjustments to foreign tax credits and deductions related to prior years. Now let me turn to cash flow, capital, and balance sheet items for the quarter.  First on cash flow, in addition to our improved earnings performance we are also demonstrating improved cash flows driven by earnings and working capital improvements. In fact our cash flow from operating activities will be approximately $650 million for the first half of the year, our strongest first half performance in some time. And we closed the quarter with nearly $500 million of cash and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. We continue to make good progress on a comprehensive set of working capital initiatives designed to drive improvement over the next several years. Based on our progress to date, we know expect that working capital improvements will generate in the range of $200 million of incremental cash flow from continuing operations for the full year.  In addition we now expect cash flow from operating activities to exceed $1.2 billion for the full year. Details on cash flows will be provided in our Form 10-Q. Next on capital expenditures, for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $123 million versus $115 million in the prior year. Consistent with my comments last quarter, we expect CapEx for fiscal 2010 to be in the range of $600 million. This amount includes two significant incremental investments. The first is capital related to our Slim Jim recovery which will be substantially funded by insurance proceeds. These capital requirements are currently estimated at approximately $35 million. The second incremental investment is approximately $90 million relating to our new sweet potato plant which will be partially funded by approximately $35 million related to current year tax incentives.  Net interest expense was $41 million in the second quarter versus $43 million in the prior year. Interest income from the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations was approximately $20 million in the current quarter and $18 million in the year ago period.  We remain very comfortable with the collectability of these notes. Dividends for the quarter totaled $84 million versus $86 million last year. The decrease reflects fewer shares outstanding. And finally Id like to share a few comments on our fiscal 2010 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we have raised our full year earnings estimate, we now expect our fiscal 2010 fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluding items impacting comparability to approach $1.73. To clarify an item that may be obscured because of rounding, we started the year assuming fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the range of $1.63 to $1.66 per share. And based roughly on a $0.09 over delivery in the first half, we have raised our guidance to earnings per share approaching $1.73, thus essentially passing along all of our over delivery to this years outlook.  This new guidance also reflects and updated view as to when we expect to recognize the income from business interruption insurance related to our Slim Jim business. First let me emphasize that the insurance claim process is proceeding very well and to date we have received in excess of $50 million of proceeds related to our property and business interruption insurance claims.  However, given the complexity of the claim and the duration of the business interruption loss period and based on additional analysis of the claim process, we now expect the final settlement of the insurance claim to be delayed until fiscal 2011. At that point we will recognize the business interruption recovery and other gains in income and will treat them as items impacting comparability.  So while our guidance from the first quarter had assumed approximately $0.05 of income from business interruption insurance recoveries in fiscal 2010, our current updated guidance does not include this approximately $0.05 of income from business interruption insurance.  Overall we think this updated estimate reflects the momentum in our business as well as our plans to continue to invest in, and execute on the strategic drivers of long-term success; innovation, marketing, sales execution, and supply chain efficiency.  That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Andre Hawaux and Robert Sharpe will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: If you could talk about maybe since youve closed your quarter the competitive dynamics within frozen food and maybe also just more broadly within your consumer foods businesses. One of your competitors talked a bit about price competition and just competition heating up in general in frozen food, if you could just give us your perspective on whats happened there and what youre seeing in the market today. 
Gary Rodkin : I just want to make really clear right up front whats driving the growth in the frozen foods really is about the fundamental changes that weve made to the business and thats really about the innovation in the marketing. There really is not a deep discounting [renting] volume with irrational prices or unsustainable promotions.  It truly is that at all and just to put some facts to it, over the last four, 12 and 52-week periods, Healthy Choice has had the highest average price per unit at retail of any directly competitive offering which means consumers keep coming back for the food. Certainly our pricing is competitive but whats really driving our sales volume and market share is the strong consumer pull, both on the base business and on the new items. 
Andre Hawaux : I would say its pretty consistent with what were seeing in the marketplace. We havent seen, other than what you may have seen, if you looked at the 13 weeks, the last four week period for us was a little softer and that really talks to the timing of promotional events that we had which we in our quarter much more front loaded and that will happen. Thats why we really stayed focused on the quarter versus the four-week data, but exactly what Gary talked about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer - UBS Securities 
David Palmer - UBS Securities : Question on your comment on non measured channels sales growth being lower than measured and you noted that you still had growth in your largest non measured chains, but do you expect the underperformance in the non measured channels to continue in future quarters and of course any detail on this would be helpful, perhaps theres a category or two were youre seeing the share loss maybe thats related to discontinuance of certain things and really the focus here is will it continue in future quarters. 
Andre Hawaux : Let me take that, so in the non-measured channels the areas where we were hurt the most were as follows. One is in the convenience channel and thats really largely driven by Slim Jim and thats all that that was in that channel. And second is weve been proactive in the food service space and have actually discontinued a lot of SKUs as we prune that business to better reflect the simplicity we want to put through our supply chain and those kind of things.  So Id say in terms of continuing the last several weeks weve been up to about a 95% service level in C store business with Slim Jim, so that will actually get better as we go into the calendar year so we dont foresee that becoming a problem for us. In food service we still have a little bit more work to do. So Id say thats probably the only thing that potentially will continue but we also see the bulk of that heavy load that weve done there already through the system.  We have some, little bit more work to do in food service. 
David Palmer - UBS Securities : Broadly speaking are you expecting a very significant slowdown in volume trends over the next couple of quarters in the consumer foods area. 
Andre Hawaux : Absolutely not, the way our plans are built we see ourselves with growth in the back half of the year. I would caution the listeners though to remind themselves that we have 53 week last year so in terms of what will happen in Q4, theyll be some comparability issue there, but on like to like we see growth in our consumer foods business in both unit and dollars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll - Citigroup 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Congratulations on the quarter, first thing I wanted to do was make sure I understand what youre talking about on the guidance so effectively the way to look at this in comparison to last quarters guidance is really the number is $1.78 and then you had to take $0.05 out because youre not going to recognize the business interruption insurance, I think I have that right. Stop me if I dont. The second part of the same question though would simply be that next year in F11, the $0.05 will kind of reappear because Slim Jim will be operating back at 100% so the first fiscal quarter and the second fiscal quarter of F11 well see the number come through on the operations side, is that correct. 
John Gehring : First of all your first analysis, we would concur with. The $1.73 assumes now were not going to get that recovery. Just to be clear the recovery when its recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we will call that out as a comparability item when we are able to book the income but you will then also see a base business next year that is back up to more normalized levels and therefore will be lapping the essentially the divot we had in earnings this year because of not being in the marketplace. 
Gary Rodkin : I would say youre essentially on target. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Great performance, the second question is just simply on marketing, I think you said marketing was up 25% for the quarter, thats an enormous number, can you put this in perspective of what you expect the full year marketing budget to be up. 
John Gehring :  I dont know that we want to get into specifics of exactly percentages but we will be up year over year on a comparable basis with our marketing spend for the total year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens - JPMorgan
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Congrats on another good quarter, quick question for you on SKU rationalization, you mentioned that theres probably a little more to come in food service unless Im reading into your comment there earlier, thinking about the consumer food side and the retail environment this period of accelerated SKU rationalization both for you and for the industry at large, what inning do you think we are in that and should we expect any more meaningful pruning. 
Andre Hawaux : I would tell you that the impact has really been immaterial for us because weve been extremely proactive, in other words, out in front of the customers push. Weve had a program called active SKU management and that has worked extremely well for us. That has helped us from a productivity standpoint as you can imagine, longer production runs, less inventory. If you were out of stocks, simple choice for the consumer. And net net theres some wins for us in some customers. Theres a bit of SKU rationalization in others but net net basically immaterial. 
John Gehring : The only thing I would add on that is our SKU rat that weve called out is principally based upon our food service SKUs that arent profitable, not really driven by the customer programs youre hearing about. 
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Kind of a broader industry wide question, with the outlook for input costs going to once again, pointing up, when do you think the industry will once again be able to pull the pricing levers and offset either through wholesale increases or dialing back of trade spend. 
Gary Rodkin : I think our pricing architecture and our analytics are so much better now on a real time basis. Andres team is all over it and I am confident that between our productivity and our knowledge of what we need to do at the shelf from a price gapping standpoint that we will be all over it.  But we still continue to believe that inflation will be pretty tame as compared to what it was the last several years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : I guess a question on the frozen competitive environment, what exactly is baked into your guidance from a promotional spending or from a competitive expectation, what has to happen in order for that to impact your guidance. 
Andre Hawaux : What has to happen is a continuation of what weve seen so far, certainly what weve seen over the last 26 weeks, and thats that well be rational in terms of what we do in they marketplace. Well continue to lead with our marketing and our innovation that weve brought to bear in the category. Nothing outlandish for us to be able to deliver our algorithm. 
Gary Rodkin : We believe weve got the right competitive context built into our planning and into our merchandising plans so no change to our guidance. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : So basically no step up from here is kind of whats baked in right now. 
Gary Rodkin : We dont believe that that will be the direction that we need to go. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities : Happy holidays, two questions, I guess first one on consumer, I think you said that your advertising and promotional budget was up 25 or 24% so that means that youre running I guess at around a $450 million annual rate and thats I guess Im trying to understand one is, is that advertising and below the line promotion or is that advertising plus the promo between gross and net sales. Can you define that a little bit more and did promotion impact your top line this quarter one way or the other in the consumer business. 
Chris Klinefeller : The statistics we cited were that we increased it by about $24 million which was slightly north of 25%. And its not necessarily smooth across every quarter so the number youre citing on a full year basis, the $450 is slightly high. As far as what were talking about, were talking about things that are within the income statement, below the gross profit lines. Were not talking about trade spending. 
Andre Hawaux : Yes, its not about discounting. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities : So if youre running lets say 5.5% to 6% of consumer sales annualized, thats a pretty good level. 
Gary Rodkin : We believe were at a good level that importantly the effectiveness, the impact of the dollars, is significantly greater than it used to be from a productivity standpoint so were confident that were able to spend against the priority brands in a way thats meaningful.
Andre Hawaux : And as Gary said in his prepared remarks you also noticed that we also launched a very big campaign in our meal enhancer categories around Hunts in the crash kitchen tour. We had a nice programming with Ro*Tel and also with Manwich in that platform so we had a lot of new campaigns out that we launched which is really resonating with consumers and we feel good and whats leading to our volume growth. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities : And then just on the commercial side, it sounds like things have gotten a bit tougher. I know the business or that division overall has done very well the last few years. Youve kind of signaled that its going to be a bit tougher but I was kind of surprised that you mentioned I guess that there was some excess capacity in the system and that was creating price based competition and then at the same time youre adding capacity in frozen potatoes. So how do we think about that going forward. 
Robert Sharpe : Let me try again and address that, first of all when youre talking about the sweet potato plant in Delhi, we dont really do that as adding core capacity to the industry. It really is a different product and we know that when it gets in store, its not a swap out for a French fry, it actually drives incremental total fried potato sales for an operator.  So its really on top of everything else and obviously why we put it in Louisiana is to put it right next to the raw supply which is part of the hallmark of what makes Lamb Weston so efficient on the conventional potato side.  The industrys capacity tends to flow back and forth between domestic and international markets. The international markets have strengthened a bit, the domestic markets are as you know tough in the restaurant industry. And so I dont think its, we arent talking about a situation where theres dramatic over capacity at all involved. So I dont see it as impacting the hallmark of this industry which has generally been that the capacity and its been, pretty stays in tune with demand. 
Gary Rodkin : One last point on that, you certainly know traffic is down in restaurants at quick serves. QSRs are the least impacted and thats where we have the bulk of our business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Two questions, one a little bit more from an industry perspective, weve all seen some of the industry data points particularly around volume over the course of the last quarter and obviously the largest [inaudible] been bucking that trend as weve heard from the results this morning. Trying to get a sense first off what you think is leading to some of this overall industry volume weakness particularly because were lapping a quarter last year when the whole industry went through some pretty big inventory reductions and such and as part of that has ConAgra seen any change in its top line trends, maybe more recently that make you think, hey bucking that trend is going to be tougher going forward or not. 
Gary Rodkin : I believe that we are seeing things bottoming out. We still see inventory being tight at the customers clearly. And consumers as well. So people are buying more when they need it versus stocking up in a bigger way like they may be used to. But we are not seeing anything in terms of more degradation.  We believe that the eating at home will continue to be a trend. And that marketing innovation and smart merchandising will continue to drive volume. So we see a continuation of basically the current environment for awhile. 
Andre Hawaux : Im not sure if Garys left me with anything else to say on that. I think we feel very good about the plans we have for the back half of the year. Again like everybody else we are concerned about the overall the consumers health and whats going in the broader economy but we see our business in the back half of the year fairly robust. So we feel good about that. 
Gary Rodkin : One last point on that, value is here to stay. We believe that and we believe that our portfolio is well set from a value standpoint and at the same time we are also proving that strong marketing and good innovation can drive equity. So we believe that one-two punch will continue. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : And then around value or consumer that even seems more focused today on not just value but really on price point, on opening price point, is there an example or two perhaps that youve taken in your portfolio where it makes sense, a price point that really has hit with the consumer and has led, a brand that may be wouldnt have as much to go on otherwise but has made it a lot more relevant.
Andre Hawaux : That last part of your question probably throws my answer into a little bit of a flux. I believe and weve talked about this before that our Banquet product is an opening price point in frozen, its a very relevant brand to a lot of our customers and obviously to consumers. So we believe that the work weve done there on frozen transformation and specifically the Banquet transformation has really helped that business and its become more and more relevant in this economy as value takes hold.  And it does provide the consumer with a very good meal and its that magic dollar price point that we strive to hit with that product and weve done really well with that. And I dont think it has anything to do with, the brand doesnt have anything else to bring forward as well. I think that would be one brand that we would certainly highlight in our portfolio. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Happy holidays, I just had one question, a bit of a follow-up but I wanted to ask about your product mix in the quarter in the consumer foods business, and when you talk about brands like Hunts growing pretty strongly, Im just curious how did mix perform. Would that have been a mix degradation both from a sales and profit standpoint for consumer foods. 
Andre Hawaux : Actually it was slightly positive for us. Our mix helped us in the quarter. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : And then in terms of your FX effect on the business, I know its very small but it was a little bigger than I thought last quarter and [inaudible] this quarter, should that be positive going forward, anything meaningful to call out there on the FX side. 
John Gehring : I dont think theres anything meaningful to call out there. I think it will be fairly muted. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : And then on corporate expense, SG&A was up quite a bit this quarter, is that all just compensation accruals, is that how we look at it.
John Gehring : The lions share of the increase is attributable to incentives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse : I thought it was a great quarter and I guess Im just scratching my head on why the stock isnt up more, can you remind us about your share repurchase program. Youre generating a lot of cash this year, I can see a scenario where its strong again in fiscal 2011, can you talk a little bit about how big it is and your priorities for your cash. 
John Gehring : Let me start with our priorities, first of all I think as weve commented before we are committed to a healthy dividend. As we accumulate cash I think we will continue to evaluate various investment opportunities and that would include acquisitions that fit and have strong financial returns. Well also look at internal growth opportunities such as the sweet potato facility and while we do not currently have a share buyback authorization we will continue to evaluate share buyback as an element of our cash utilization strategy. I think as we previously noted we are committed to a strong investment grade credit rating and will remain focused on strengthening our balance sheet and maintaining that strong liquidity in this environment. So were going to continue to evaluate share buyback as an option. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse : I think that youre probably going to get this question from some other investors in the months ahead, so maybe you could give us a little bit of an insight on what are the other projects internally that you think are, that would stand out as high return projects that you think that you could invest in and then if you make acquisitions, what areas of the, what categories do you think you would want to go into. 
Chris Klinefeller : As far as identifying individual projects, we really dont go that level of detail. Youve heard us talk about the sweet potato opportunity, thats about the extent of what wed like to discuss as far as that goes.  But we do have a robust set of options and look at them rigorously. As far as giving categories thats generally, we generally dont comment on that level of detail. As John mentioned theyve got to have a strategic fit and a strong financial hurdle, thats about all were comfortable saying. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse : I guess the reason I asked it that way is if people took a step back and looked at ConAgra people dont think of it as a company that has a ton of huge reinvestment opportunities. But it does generate a lot of cash and [inaudible] cash used for share repurchase that it would be, it might help you in the eyes of investors. Thats more of a [inaudible] piece there so, thank you. 
Gary Rodkin : I think that weve got our strategic platforms, convenient meals clearly is one of them near the top as well as potatoes. Weve invested significantly against innovation in the robust pipeline that we see clearly offers more opportunities. As we said again, the growth platform on the incrementality of sweet potato so we do believe weve got a pretty broad array of opportunities and were hopefully going to be able to take advantage of those. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein 
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein : So just a question on the outlook for sales growth in the commercial segment, I know youve given us guidance on operating profits in the second half, but there was a lot of volatility in the pricing growth and the volume growth last year and it really flips around between the second and third quarter of fiscal 2009, as we look out into the second half of this year, are we likely to see a slowdown in the volume growth over the second half but maybe a moderation in the price declines. Is that the right way to think about it. 
Robert Sharpe : I think thats probably right. I think year over year youre kind of looking at volume in the flattish range, maybe down a bit. But youre right as, for example in this quarter mills represented more than $100 million of sales decline simply from the impact of wheat prices. So that impact will lessen a bit in the third quarter and will lessen a bit more in the fourth quarter.  But youll still see shortfalls at the top line in both the third and the fourth quarter, just not quite as pronounced as what you saw in the first two quarters. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research : Happy holidays, two areas of questions here, first regarding the promo spending in the quarter it looks like your price mix in the quarter was up somewhere in the range of about 1% or so, I know that youre lapping the big price increases from last year, but in the past youve also talked about how you, being a little bit late on the price increases that you may be overcompensated and were course correcting as you went forward. So I guess my question is, was your trade promo materially up this quarter and what does the base or list pricing look like in rough terms before the trade promo. 
Andre Hawaux : So again the benefit between the 2% to 3% that you mentioned was largely driven by mix. We did not have a significant ramp up in our trade spending this quarter versus last quarter. I think thats the bulk of your question. And our list prices, were discounting off of higher list prices obviously which we had taken off last year so on a percentage basis that looks a little distorted but for the most part we did not see significant trade spending increases in this particular quarter. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research : And shifting gears a bit, you are in a relatively unique situation or have some unique perspectives having, relative to some of your peers, having a large or a sizable private label business in addition to your branded business, I wondering whether you could give us some perspective as to what youre seeing in terms of the relative performance of the private label versus the branded and what the retailer response or retailer interest is in the two areas. 
Gary Rodkin :  Were growing well on both sides of it. In our private label business the places where we are really strategic, where we dont have a branded presence like in our snack bars in particular, is quite strong and continues to be. But the branded side of our business is very strong as well. I would tell you overall as an industry, clearly theres going to continue to be a place for private label particularly in this environment.  But the growth overall in the private label industry has slowed at the price gaps between branded and private label have narrowed a bit and we continue to believe that the power of brands to drive retailer traffic and consumers wanting choice and innovation will continue to make that the top priority for us. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research : And then in terms of your strategy of your broader strategy of having this sizable private label business, is it, could you talk about the rationale behind that. Is it base loading the plants, is it seeing the faster growth in private label versus branded over the next few years, and how do you balance that against effectively competing against yourself in some categories. 
Gary Rodkin : Yes, its really two sided. Offensively its places where we dont play from a branded standpoint like the private label bars, granola bars, etc. fruit snacks. Thats the priority but the other side of it is where we defensively flank our high market share positions like a cooking spray or a whip topping, an egg beater, a Chef Boyardee, thats where we basically use a strategy of power of two to give the branded product and the store brand. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of David Driscoll - Citigroup 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : I just wanted to ask you a little bit more, in the branded food business are you, do you estimate that you are holding or gaining total distribution. Im curious about this because in the past weve had so much conversation about your managed for cash brands I wanted to get your sense for the health of the overall business and then maybe you can make a comment on the managed for cash as well. 
Andre Hawaux : Overall were seeing in all of our strategic pillars, we are seeing increases in our points of distribution and Id say the lions share of that or the strength has been in our convenient meal platform both shelf stable and frozen. With respect to our specialty businesses, our specialty pillar, which is where some of the managed for cash brands that you alluded to sit and reside, weve actually done very well in holding our own.  Given the brands that we have in that portfolio there has not been a ton of innovation there, and I would also say that those businesses have been very strong, some of the markets there are high share businesses for us and weve held our own. Weve not seen ourselves lose points of distribution there. But we probably have gained the fewest in that space. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : And can you give us any sense for new product activity upcoming. 
Andre Hawaux : Yes, weve got some really neat things that Im not going to necessarily share with you right now, but I think youll see it on your supermarket shelves soon largely led by our convenient meal platform. Weve got some interesting things were doing with snacks as well. So theyll be in the marketplace later on in the third quarter. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Chris Klinefeller : This concludes our conference call and just as a reminder this conference call is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our new release. As always we are available for discussions. Thank you very much and Happy Holidays from ConAgra Foods.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-09-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Klinefelter - Investor Relations Gary M. Rodkin - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director John F. Gehring - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Andre J. Hawaux - President - Consumer Foods Robert F. Sharpe Jr. - President - Commercial Foods, Executive Vice President - External Affairs
Analysts:  David Palmer - UBS David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Ann Gurkin - Davenport Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ed Roche - Soleil Securities Todd Duvick - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Kevin Buller - Morgan Stanley 
Gary M. Rodkin : Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Chris Klinefelter : Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our companys direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC which include cautionary language.  Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our website under the financial reports and filings link, and then choosing non-GAAP reconciliations.  In reference to Regulation G, I will note that I reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.37 as $0.01 of net expense from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in EPS of $0.38 on a comparable basis for this quarter. On that same basis, the $0.23 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.04 of net expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.27 on a comparable basis.  Lastly, as detailed in the press release, consumer foods operating profit of $250 million was up 34% as reported and up 43% on a comparable basis.  Now Ill turn it back over to Gary. 
Gary M. Rodkin : Thanks, Chris. I am happy to report a quarter that posted good sales trends for key brands, 43% comparable profit growth for consumer foods, an overall solid performance from commercial foods, and 41% comparable EPS growth -- all around, a great quarter.  During my remarks, I will discuss my view of the segment results, particularly why I am confident in the momentum of the consumer food segment, and comment on our revised EPS outlook this year.  I think its important to recognize that much of what you are seeing is a result of all the work weve done over the last four years and that these results demonstrate four important attributes about our business that you should keep in mind.  First, we have a diverse group of good brands that are responding to insight driven marketing investment, powerful innovation, and improved sales execution. These are sustainable improvements. Second, we have strengthened our trade customer relations and are helping our partners grow. Third, we have built a strong supply chain organization thats capturing the long runway of productivity available to us at the time -- at the same time that input cost inflation is becoming more manageable. And finally, we have a very well-positioned commercial business that is performing well even in this environment.  Our team continues to make good progress on the fundamentals and we are truly gaining momentum as a company.  Our Q1 EPS of $0.38 excluding items impacting comparability, along with profit margin improvement and market share gains across consumer foods, show that we are on track for delivering a high quality year. In light of the trends weve seen in the first quarter, weve revised our full-year guidance upward to EPS approaching $1.70 excluding items impacting comparability. We continue to expect a year characterized by more manageable inflation, strong cost savings, good mix, along with modest volume growth, and continued innovation success, all of which lead to better margins in consumer foods. And we also expect a good performance from commercial foods, given market conditions and the comparisons that that segment will face throughout the fiscal year.  I want to congratulate our team on its performance.  In the consumer foods segment, as we explain in the release, underlying sales in unit volumes demonstrated growth, driven by good trends for key brands like Healthy Choice, [Marie] Calendars, Huntz, Orville Redenbachers and SnakPak, all of which had good market share trends as well.  We continue to benefit from innovation, particularly in the very important convenient meals area. We posted some of the best market share trends in measured channels that we have seen in a long time. Overall, we are excited by and confident in our top line trends.  The Healthy Choice and [Marie] Calendar single-serve frozen businesses, our largest single category, were up double-digits in net sales. These increases were very strong in the non-measured channels but were also very good across traditional grocery. Our success there is very much the result of strong innovation and good marketing.  Healthy Choice Caf Steamers are uniquely positioned in the healthy category and we have taken our steaming technology to Marie Calendars for fantastic full flavor Italian dishes with Marie Calendars Pasta El Dente meals. Our Healthy Choice Naturals line has been a big winner as well.  And while the frozen category continues to be competitive, the new product news weve brought to the category has allowed us to be more selective with our promotions, focusing on high returning programs. As weve said before, our approach to success in this category is not dependent on simply promoting aggressively and hoping for the best. Our approach is to bring real news and to participate in smart trade promotions that are good for the customer and good for us. And we have supported our innovation with great marketing. Nothing illustrates the point more clearly than the advertising behind Healthy Choice. In April and May, three of our new Healthy Choice spots were rated in the top 10 of all commercials for consumer recall per Nielsen, which is fantastic for consumer pull.  Its marketing progress like this that is helping drive our business, including the fact that Joan Chow, our Chief Marketing Officer, was recently named one of the years top marketers by brand week, most notably for the great work she has led with the Healthy Choice franchise. Thats quite an honor and very well deserved. Congratulations, Joan, on that accolade.  We have more innovation news this quarter for the Marie Calendars brand. We began shipping Marie Calendars homestyle creations earlier this month. This new shelf stable line builds on the reality that consumers are searching for portable shelf stable convenient meals that taste fresh. These broaden our product offerings using the shelf stable technology introduced with Healthy Choice fresh mixers last fall.  The Marie Calendars line includes fantastic flavors such as traditional stuffing and turkey, classic stroganoff and garlic herb chicken. These products are perfect for taking to the office for lunch.  In-store, we are also making improvements in the shelving systems to make fresh mixers and homestyle creations more visible to shoppers and easy to access. These should play a key role in driving sales going forward.  But what we do in-store and behind-the-scenes to drive volume and sales for retailers is much more than just having the right displays. We have made integrated customer marketing, which includes shopper marketing, a strategic differentiator for ConAgra Foods, and one that has high returns. This is all cycling fast as consumer behavior changes with the economy. It requires us and our customers to constantly monitor the shoppers pulse to develop insights that lead to sales growth opportunities. This is a win-win, great for both us and our customers.  Heres one example -- our seasons of mom shopper research around the back-to-school timing identified the opportunity to help mom with value-added and quick on-the-go meals and snacks to help families stick to hectic schedules and pinched budgets. As a result of these insights, we used a multi-brand approach featuring brands such as Orville Redenbachers and SnakPak pudding, which both showed very nice growth last quarter. It was a high return on investment event that was also very good for our customers and their shoppers.  Along with good sales, market shares, and brand health, segment operating profits were also very strong. Comparable operating profits grew 43%, reflecting a relatively easy lap over last year. That translates into about a 400 basis point increase in comparable operating profit margin, even though we still have a ways to go to catch up with our peer set. Thats quite an improvement from some of the challenging quarters you saw early in last fiscal year.  Our cost savings are coming in better than we planned, our sales and mix are good, and of course inflation is more manageable. Thats a pretty powerful combination in terms of driving the bottom line.  Its really important to note that this improvement happened despite our having somewhat of a headwind from foreign exchange and spending slightly more on advertising and promotion investment. And of course having lower operating profits from Slim Jim, given the lower production levels for that brand this quarter.  To provide more context on Slim Jim, we are back in production at multiple locations. As weve said before, we are very confident in the long-term strength of this brand. All in all, I couldnt be more proud of how the ConAgra Foods team responded to the accident both in terms of emotional support and business recovery.  Before moving on to talk about commercial foods, I would like to again emphasize that things are certainly moving in the right direction for us in consumer. We have worked hard the past four years to build a strong foundation across all elements of our business, particularly in terms of our new product pipeline, our marketing, and our cost savings, and it is paying off. I know theres some discussion out there about how various companies will fare, given retailers SKU rationalization and shelf space decisions. I am very confident in our overall position and I see good opportunities to partner for growth with today retail trade. Weve got a lot to work with and a lot to look forward to.  One last thing about consumer foods to note, keep in mind that not all quarters will show this level of profit growth. The year-over-year growth to some degree depends on the amount of inflation in the year-ago quarter were lapping and it also depends on some of our marketing investment decisions but overall I want to emphasize that we are poised for much-improved consumer foods segment this fiscal year and I look forward to sharing good results with you in future quarters.  Commercial foods had another very solid quarter with profits for the quarter up 5%. Lamb Weston's top line and bottom line grew slightly, and while tough restaurant conditions are keeping Lamb Weston from producing the type of strong sales and profit growth that we saw in the last couple of years, we do expect them to continue to post modest profit growth for the year.  During the quarter, we announced that Lamb Weston is building a new state-of-the-art sweet potato processing facility in Del High, Louisiana. This is really an exciting development for our potato business, which is large, over $2 billion in net sales and growing. Sweet potato fries are one of todays hottest food trends with our own sales of sweet potato fries having grown at a very nice double-digit rate over the past several years. The Del High plant will be one of the first of its kind in the nation to follow a leadership and energy and environmental design standards for environmentally sustainable construction.  By being the first to locate a modern processing plant in the heart of sweet potato growing country, we expect to have a great growth opportunity with attractive margins.  ConAgra Mills had a good quarter, carrying in momentum from the fourth quarter last year and lapping a relatively soft quarter from the year before. More than $100 million of the segments sales decline was attributable to lower wheat prices. As weve said before, flower milling had an outstanding year last year due to volatile wheat conditions and great crop quality. Given how unusual these conditions were, we simply dont plan for those conditions to repeat so at this point, we are still planning a decline in milling profits for the full fiscal year, notwithstanding a very good first quarter.  In addition, income from several joint ventures in the commercial sector improved markedly from a weak quarter a year before.  Before I turn it over to John, I would like to emphasize that we feel very good about the overall health of the business from the strength of our brands to customer relationships to operational excellence. We are confident in our ability to deliver a strong fiscal year that results in diluted EPS approaching $1.70 excluding items impacting comparability.  Now I will turn the call over to John for a more detailed financial perspective. 
John F. Gehring : Thank you, Gary and good morning, everyone. I am going to touch on five topics this morning as follows -- our first quarter results, an update on our Slim Jim business recovery and related financial and accounting matters; comparability matters; capital and balance sheet items; and finally I will conclude with some brief comments on our outlook for 2010.  With respect to our first quarter results, while Gary has covered the key drivers of those results, I would like to highlight and amplify a few items. First we are pleased with the continued strong and consistent performance turned in by our consumer foods business. The business continued its momentum by capitalizing on the fundamentals that drive sustainable profitable growth, including successful innovation, better marketing and merchandising, and strong supply chain capabilities. The business also benefits from a stable of brands with diverse consumer appeal.  Inflation for our consumer business continues to trend favorably, slightly better than our expectation. However, some of the favorability does get passed through our product pricing, especially for categories such as vegetable oil. And we also still face some challenges with respect to certain inputs such as tomatoes, proteins, and steel. However, overall the inflation trends are manageable.  Our cost control efforts continue to yield good results, especially in our supply chain operations. Our consumer supply chain team is off to a good start in fiscal 2010. Taking into account the first quarter cost savings performance, we currently estimate that the cost savings will exceed $250 million for the year, up from our previous estimate of $225 million. While a portion of these incremental savings drives immediate earnings improvement, a portion also provides fuel for accelerating our investments in marketing and innovation.  Overall, based on the favorable inflation trends and good cost savings performance over the past several quarters, we remain confident in the ability of our supply chain team to deliver lower costs that will help our margins.  Foreign exchange negatively impacted consumer sales by 1% and operating profit by 6% in the quarter versus the prior year. With respect to our commercial food segment, these businesses continue to compete very effectively, turning in a 5% increase in operating profit despite a challenging food service environment which really began to deteriorate at the end of calendar 2008. While our ConAgra Mills business performed well, they were lapping a lower growth quarter in the prior year. Lamb Weston on the other hand was able to post modest top and bottom line improvement in an operating environment that was much more difficult than the prior year.  We expect that our commercial management team will continue to navigate this environment well.  On the SG&A front, we have continued our focus on cost controls and have challenged our team to meet our annual goal of zero overhead growth on core SG&A. For the first quarter, we are on track. Our total SG&A as reported was up approximately $53 million, due to incentive compensation in the current year and gains on sales of businesses and assets in the year-ago quarter.  Now Ill move on to my second topic, the status of our Slim Jim business recovery. As we have previously commented, we experienced a tragic accident at our [Gardner], North Carolina facility in early June. The response to all aspects of this accident by everyone involved has been truly outstanding. With respect to the business recovery, we have made significant progress. We have reestablished production for all Slim Jim product lines. As a result, we are on pace to meet our pre-accident production and customer service levels for all priority SKUs by the end of our second quarter.  We have also made substantial progress on our long-term recovery plan, which is expected to result in a more focused and profitable Slim Jim business going forward. And in addition, we have managed a complex insurance claim process in an efficient and timely manner. We are working collaboratively with our insurance partners to resolve the claim as quickly as possible.  In fact, we have already begun receiving our first insurance reimbursements related to property losses.  I will comment further on these matters in a moment.  With respect to the impact on our first quarter performance, the Garner accident and related production disruption adversely impacted our net sales by approximately $33 million versus the prior year and our operating income by approximately $10 million. While we recorded no benefits form business interruption insurance in the first quarter, we still expect that proceeds from business interruption insurance [after deductible amounts] will substantially compensate for lost profits for the full fiscal year. We will say more about the expected timing of those proceeds as we know more later in the fiscal year.  Now to my third topic -- items impacting comparability. First, on hedging -- in the first quarter we had approximately $8 million of net hedge loss in corporate expense, or approximately $0.01 per diluted share, which we treat as a comparability item. With respect to our Garner, North Carolina facility for the first quarter, we had losses associated with property losses, workers compensation claims, general liability claims, and other incidental uninsured costs of approximately $37 million in the aggregate. These losses were offset by related insurance [coveries] of a similar amount resulting in an immaterial net impact for the quarter.  These amounts will change over the balance of the year as we refine our estimates of losses, incur additional costs, and record additional insurance recoveries. We will continue to update you as our estimates of these losses and recoveries change. However, consistent with our previous comments, any net gain or loss associated with these aspects of the Garner accident will be treated as an item impacting comparability.  Now let me turn to capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First on working capital -- in addition to our improved earnings performance, we continue to make progress against our working capital initiatives. While the first quarter reflects a slight use of cash for working capital, due in part to the seasonal nature of our businesses, we continue to expect that working capital improvements will generate at least $100 million of incremental cash flow from continuing operations for the full year. We are focused on continued improvement of key cash conversion metrics related to accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable. Details on cash flows will be provided in our Form 10-Q.  Next on capital expenditures -- for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $119 million, including approximately $18 million related to reestablishing Slim Jim capacity. This $18 million will be substantially funded by insurance proceeds.  For the full year, we currently estimate capital expenditures in the range of $475 million for our core needs, consistent with our original business plan. In addition, we have previously announced our plan to build a state-of-the-art sweet potato processing facility in Louisiana. We estimate that we will spend approximately $90 million in fiscal 2010 related to this strategic growth investment.  A portion of this investment will be funded by tax incentives and in fact the current availability of significant tax incentives was a consideration in moving ahead with the project at this time.  Finally, we are currently committed to approximately $35 million of capital related to our Slim Jim business recovery efforts. Again, this $35 million will be substantially funded by insurance proceeds. As we finalize our recovery plans and investment needs, we will update you further on additional capital expenditures which we also expect to be funded from insurance proceeds.  Interest expense was $42 million for the first quarter versus $50 million in the prior year. This decline is largely due to having a full quarter of interest income in the current year on the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations. This sales closed during the first quarter of fiscal 2009.  Also, we continue to be very comfortable with the collectability of these notes.  Dividends for the quarter totaled $85 million versus $92 million last year. The decrease reflects fewer shares outstanding.  Now Id like to wrap up with some brief comments on our fiscal 2010 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we have raised our full-year earnings estimate. We now expect fiscal 2010 fully diluted EPS excluding items impacting comparability to approach $1.70 per share. This updated estimate reflects the momentum in our business as well as our plans to continue to invest in the strategic drivers of long-term success -- innovation, marketing, and supply chain efficiency.  That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Andre Hawaux and Rob Sharp will be happy to take your questions. I will now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from David Palmer with UBS. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks. This is a question about your consumer foods division -- what do you believe was the all-channel consumer take-away sales growth for ConAgra products in the quarter, roughly? And to the degree that there was a gap, youve mentioned certain SKU rationalization and other factors but I suspect the gap is larger than what you said in the release. To the degree that there is a wider gap, how much do you anticipate that being an ongoing gap or perhaps reversing in future quarters? Thanks. 
Gary M. Rodkin : David, youre absolutely right. Our takeaway on consumer was greater than our shipments and we think that reflects on the depletion in inventory, both at the customer and the consumer level. It clearly was up across all channels. It was up in measured channels, as you saw. It was up in un-measured channels and I dont know if we want to -- Chris, do we want to get into specific numbers?
Chris Klinefelter :  No, we can -- however, we can let our listeners know that our performance outside of measured channels was also very strong. Our business at some of the big names that we usually get asked about was also very strong and I know you have some color that you would like to add on that. 
Gary M. Rodkin : Yeah, there was meaningful difference in terms of takeaway being greater than our shipments for the quarter, so I think we feel very comfortable -- you know, that obviously that will meet at some point, that equilibrium will be reached at some point but the momentum in the business is very, very good. 
David Palmer - UBS: And just one separate question on your re-launch of Healthy Choice and frozen, any specific learnings above and below target with regard to trial and repeat? If we were to separate that relaunch into trial and repeat, how did things go there in terms of getting the trial versus what you would try to achieve? And then in terms of repeat purchases, how is that coming in?
Gary M. Rodkin : On both fronts, very, very good. There is every sign that our innovation on Healthy Choice is going to lead to continued sustainable growth in that franchise, so the trial numbers are ahead of where we would like to see, as well as the repeat numbers. 
Andre J. Hawaux: I would just add one thing -- I think steamers has been on a roll ever since we launched it and as we continue to add new products to that lineup, including Asian which we launched a while back, that continues to be great. The true surprise for us really has been the natural product -- it has really, really over-delivered. Our Healthy Choice natural line has exceeded even our very high expectations that we had for it, so on Healthy Choice, we feel very good with how that product line is performing. 
Gary M. Rodkin : And I think another one last point, David, is we are bringing new consumers into the franchise so thats a good thing as we broaden out our usage. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to follow that same line of questions on the consumer food sales line. When I look at my food drug and mass classes of trade data I see its up just over 4%, 4.2%, and then what we have seen in the past I believe, Gary, was that non-measures were a very significant impact to those numbers, somewhere to the tune of it would add like three to five points or so to the numbers that we saw in Neilsen FDM data. So kind of getting back to this, I want to ask your -- number one, is the benefit from non-measureds still running at that significant level above the FDM data this quarter as it had in a number of the quarters last year, especially Q3 and Q4?
Gary M. Rodkin : There still is a gap, David. The Slim Jim numbers particularly as it pertains to convenience store, is a significant hit in that overall channel because we just couldnt supply -- we had allocation on Slim Jim so thats a significant piece but theres still very good performance in unmeasured channels and it is still significantly bigger. I would tell you the gap is not as great and a lot of that has to do with the fact that the traditional grocery has performed better, as youve seen in the numbers. And once again Ill stress our takeaway numbers are greater than our shipment numbers and that is also reflected in the momentum that weve seen continue in our business as we speak. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Two related questions then -- so what I believe the conclusion would be is that we should see accelerating sales growth in second quarter and in third quarter as that depleted inventory gets refilled, so number one comment on that. And then second, can you give us any kind of quantification as to a Slim Jim impact for fiscal 2Q?
Gary M. Rodkin : Slim Jim impact in Q1 was a couple of points of top line for consumer foods for the company and it -- we will still continue to see something close to that, maybe not quite as much, in Q2 as we start to rebuild our inventory. So right now whats happening is we depleted all of our inventory, we are on allocation. We are now building it back up and that really won't -- it won't reach the kind of service levels that we are -- that are acceptable to us probably until the second half of the year. 
Operator: And well move now to Ann Gurkin with Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning. I just want to ask about commercial foods. If I understand correctly, while its still difficult, maybe your forecast is not as conservative as it was on the last call and is that because maybe Q1 was a little bit better and maybe restaurants, you are seeing any kind of change there? I dont know -- can you just help me understand that a little bit?
Gary M. Rodkin : Rob. 
Robert F. Sharpe Jr.: Let me try and address it this way -- I think nothing has changed our view that relative performance for the segment year over year we expect to be flat. We were pleased with Mills performance in the first quarter but we are still calling the year as we described.  I would say generally with respect to Lamb Weston's business, we are encouraged by what we see generally in the market. Its not that its easy -- its just that we do see signs of the segment or the takeaway rebuilding at the consumer level. But importantly, we planned for that sort of improvement, so as we look at it right now its on balance pretty much what we have planned, with a little bit of tailwind from Mills in the first quarter. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Great, that helps. Thank you. 
Operator: Well move now to Barclays Capital and Andrew Lazar. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Good morning, everyone. Just two quick things -- one on some of the SKU rationalization you are doing and then one on productivity -- on the SKU side, Im curious if you are seeing it as -- if your SKU rationalization is more pronounced on either certain brands or channels or customers specifically, or is it really kind of a broad-based action that you are doing?
Gary M. Rodkin : Andrew, I would say if theres one channel where we are the most proactive, thats in food service. Weve done a lot of rationalization there. You know, as we basically act very proactively from a -- you know, whats good for us as well as whats good for our customers but we can tell you theres -- as you know, theres pressures in this environment in terms of rationalizing SKUs, clean assortment, whatever you want to call it. Weve been very, very proactive in this regard. You know, we have a number of number one brands where this could potentially, and weve already seen it, benefit us as we get the assortment clarified. But I think the real key is eliminating your own SKUs when theyve got marginal velocities -- again, we do that very proactively. Weve taken out several hundred SKUs, I would say, in the last few months in our active SKU management program and the real benefit there shows up in better real estate for your top-performing SKUs, which leads to less out-of-stocks and clearly supply chain efficiencies. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Okay, and on that front, Im assuming we should continue to expect some of this going forward to some extent, not just from you but I would assume more broadly?
Gary M. Rodkin : Yeah, I think you will see this trend continue and overall I think if we all manage it the way that we see it happening, I think it could end up being a plus for the whole industry. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Great, and then just one on productivity -- youve upped your full year productivity save estimate and even on that higher number, its obviously a big number but when you look at it, if you benchmark that lets say across what a lot of other food peers are doing, whether its percent of cost of goods or percent of sales, what have you, there are some that have recently upped their productivity saves to even levels above that. And given from where ConAgra is kind of coming from in this process with your pipeline, Im just curious of your shots around that. I mean, is part of this just wanting to go at it in a way where it doesnt create some supply chain issues that you may have had a year or two ago? Or -- I want to get your thoughts on that. 
Gary M. Rodkin : Well, Ill tell you what, Andrew, we feel very, very good about the momentum and the trends in our productivity being very, very sustainable. Weve got a very long runway and I think you will see us continue to put really good numbers up there. 
Operator: Well hear now from Eric Katzman and Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. Ive got a few questions. Just first on -- I know its kind of a hodge-podge of stuff but corporate unallocated was a lot better than I had expected. Is that some of the productivity coming through and is there any kind of forecast for that number?
Gary M. Rodkin : I guess first of all its fairly consistent with our plans. It was actually -- theres a number of things that run through corporate. I think in terms of if you are trying to look at it in isolation, we typically start out the year somewhere in about the mid 300s, so 350 to 375 and to the extent that we have changes such as incentive accruals and changes in allocations, that number can move around. But thats kind of how we look at it year to year. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So 300 is still a good number to kind of think about for the full year?
Gary M. Rodkin : I think you ought to be looking probably in the range of 350 to 375, pending further changes. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and the Im just kind of wondering, Gary, if you could talk a little bit about promotion and the efficiency thereof. I mean, it seems like sequentially your kind of price mix top line component decelerated quite a bit and Im kind of wondering is that because you kind of felt necessary to spend more back into the business or just maybe help me with that a little bit and then I have one last follow-up. 
Gary M. Rodkin : Eric, its really not as you suggested, that we are spending a lot more trade money. Its really the overlap so we took a lot of, as the industry did, a lot of pricing last year. Thats not the case as we go forward so overall we would say that trade spending has ticked up just slightly as we have been very proactive getting the right price points at the shelf but remember again the base prices are also higher. Weve lowered some list prices where the predominant costs are commodity inputs like oil or margarine spreads or egg beaters but very importantly weve got a new and improved trade spend system that gives us better analytics, better controls, more efficient and more effective spending, so I would say overall our pricing analytics are much better than they were 18 months ago and we are very satisfied with where we are as it pertains to trade spend. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then last kind of more of a strategic question for you, Gary -- I guess youve been there a couple of years, youve done a lot of good things for the company in whats been a very volatile environment. Youve scaled back the portfolio and you now -- you know you have a good balance sheet because you sold trading and merchandising very well. Im just kind of wondering in terms of the argument of scale versus focus with whats kind of recently been announced in terms of M&A in the industry. Where do you see the company in terms of M&A? Do you think you are more of a targeted buyer or do you think that the company would be helped longer term via greater scale? Maybe if you could just kind of talk a little bit about that.
Gary M. Rodkin : Id say we are very pleased with the foundation building that weve done over the last few years and we are a much stronger operating company than we were before but we are still focused on just being a really good operating company and doing the things that are really in our control so I really cant speculate. As we go forward, we are just going to work on continuing to be the best company that we can be. 
Operator: Well move now to Christopher Growe with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. I just wanted to ask you first if I could, Gary, on the SKU rationalization -- weve heard a lot of that being prompted by retailers, in particular some big retailers. I just wonder if you could speak to what you are seeing, kind of if any of this has been prompted by retail and I am more interested in what this has meant for your shelf space -- as you take these products off, are you filling right back up? Are you gaining more shelf space? Hows that working at maybe some of the big retailers?
Gary M. Rodkin : We are really attacking it systematically, almost category by category, very proactively so we have gone in and had a number of customer calls with our team on the first half dozen or so key categories that we operate in and that has been received extremely well because we are taking very much a win-win focus. So its really all about how does the customer win in terms of making that category more productive, more profitable, and we have seen things like better assortment on our products where our top performing SKUs have better shelf space, more holding power, supply chain efficiencies that come through.  But I think the key is to make sure that its us -- its our idea for the most part. There is not a material critical mass impact from customers that are coming to us and discontinuing products. Weve seen -- if you just want to take a few of our categories like canned pasta with Chef Boyardee or popcorn with Orville Redenbacher and ACT II, or tomato with Huntz and Rotel, weve seen big wins there with customers as weve gone in and made our recommendations as to how those categories could be the most productive, so we are feeling very good and a lot of it is based on the fact that our tools and our analytics are so much better than they used to be. Thats really the key. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then if I could ask as well on the consumer foods business, you had mentioned that there was some positive mix there. Was that just a function of the products you are selling essentially or were the new products actually mix-enhancing for you? And related to that, Im just curious how promotion fared in the quarter for consumer foods. Is that really picking up a little bit here as you are seeing some cost deflation in some categories?
Gary M. Rodkin : Well, first I would say the answer on mix is yes yes. We are selling a great mix of products that are stronger margin. The new products that we are selling are margin accretive, so thats all good for mix. And in terms of trade promotion, again I would say up very slightly but I think its really all about getting more for the dollars that we are spending versus just taking the prices deeper. So our pricing analytics are far better and we are feeling very good about where we are on the shelf with our customers having been very proactive on that front. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Roche with Soleil Securities. 
Ed Roche - Soleil Securities: Good morning. I wanted to ask you if you could address kind of the SG&A level, which was fairly high. You mentioned [inaudible] comp was up but it was still one of the highest levels, Q1 levels in about four years. I was just wondering, is there any spending on productivity initiatives that are encompassing that increase?
Gary M. Rodkin : Im sorry, I didnt catch that last part of that. Could you repeat the last part of your question?
Ed Roche - Soleil Securities: Is there any spending on productivity initiatives, you know, whatever form those might take that will eventually lead to lower costs that are encompassed in that SG&A number?
John F. Gehring : I would say there are some modest costs in SG&A related to productivity efforts. I dont know that thats a significant delta year over year. With respect to the anatomy of our SG&A in total, what I would remind you is the two big drivers of the increase in SG&A are incentives are higher this year based upon relatively better -- relatively good performance this year versus last year at this time our performance was not as good but as I also I think previously commented, the other significant impact in terms of that year-over-year increase in SG&A is the fact that last years number had been reduced to reflect the several gains that we had recorded in SG&A. The most significant of which was the sale of our [Pemican] brand, which had about a $20 million gain in the prior year. There were actually also some other smaller gains in that number, so the absolute recorded number was driven by those two items. 
Ed Roche - Soleil Securities: All right, thanks. The rest of my questions have been answered. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Well move on to Todd Duvick with Banc of America Merrill Lynch. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I wanted to clarify on the capital spending, Im not sure I understood this correctly. It sounded like you were reiterating $475 million full-year CapEx and so my question is was that inclusive of the new sweet potato plant and the Slim Jim rebuild or are those in addition to that?
John F. Gehring : Those are -- the 475 is not inclusive. That was our plan coming into the year and we obviously had the Slim Jim incident, which was not obviously in plan, and then the sweet potato we accelerated the decision to make that strategic investment, so those are incremental. We did also feel like we should highlight that there are some funding sources for some of those incremental amounts versus just normal operations. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Right, okay. Yeah, I did catch that. And so I guess overall youre increasing CapEx guidance $125 million but as you mentioned, youve got some sourcing for some of that. But also you mentioned $100 million improvement in cash flow because of better working capital management. So I guess where Im going with all of this is if cash flow is going to be up, capital spending is also going to be up. Do you expect to generate free cash flow after CapEx and dividends for the year?
John F. Gehring : Yes, we do. I dont have the numbers in front of me right now but we would expect that to be the case. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then I guess a final question related to that in terms of your free cash flow priorities, you havent been buying back shares for about a year now, so what are your priorities going forward for free cash flow, whether they be for the share buy-backs, M&A, or just accumulating cash on the balance sheet and possibly debt pay down?
John F. Gehring : Well, I think probably a number of those things will be under consideration. I think as weve commented previously, we are committed to a strong investment grade credit rating, and especially in this environment we think a strong balance sheet and liquidity is at a premium. We are also committed to healthy dividend and then from there, I think as we accumulate cash, we will look at a variety of options. M&A, you know, I think internal growth opportunities such as the sweet potato opportunity we just capitalized on. Well probably also look at investments in efficiency but well benchmark a lot of that against share buy-back and also consider whether or not there are any debt retirements that would be attractive.  So I think we will be evaluating all those options as we have the cash available. 
Operator: Terry Bivens from J.P. Morgan has our next question. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions on individual projects -- Gary, it looks like you guys were a little more aggressive this summer in maybe locking up some of the merchandising events with ketchup. Is ketchup something youve decided to kind of change strategy on and get more aggressive across the board?
Gary M. Rodkin : Ketchup is a small piece of our business. We decided on a particular strategy that was a win-win for ourselves and the customer and we basically stuck with that strategy and it has worked. In this environment, its something that the customers have really come to us with and we responded and its turned into a win-win but again, it is not a big priority for us. Its not a major piece of business for us. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and just with regard to banquet, I mean, obviously youve done a good job here with Healthy Choice. I was a little bit surprised to see banquet listed among those posted a decline, particularly if you kind of look at the economic context. What was going on with that one?
Gary M. Rodkin : Yeah, I would say most of that is timing, Terry, so I think certainly as we watch whats transpiring as we speak, the banquet business looks very healthy. I would say thats more timing than anything else. The underlying trends of the core business are good. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin [Buller] with Morgan Stanley. 
Kevin Buller - Morgan Stanley: You guys have made some comments regarding your cash flow. I think you said your working capital improved, et cetera. Can you just tell us what the actual cash flow from operations number is? And then I have a second question regarding M&A -- I think, Gary, you had said that you are focused on [what you can control] but prior to the financial crisis, I think you had talked a lot about trying to make some acquisitions. Is the constraint right now getting funding or has your appetite for acquisitions actually diminished?
Gary M. Rodkin : Our appetite for acquisitions is about the same and its really about tuck-in acquisitions where we know we can make it work like some of the things weve done over the last year or two, so we are always looking for things like that but what we are not in the market for is a major transaction. So we are always looking for things that can enable us to grow. 
John F. Gehring : On the cash flow questions, more details will be in the 10-Q. I would expect cash flow from operating activities to be in the range of $250 million for the quarter and for the full year, we currently would expect that number to be in the range of $1.1 billion. 
Kevin Buller - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: We will now take a follow-up question from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to ask a little bit more detail on the inflation outlook. I believe on the last call you guys had said that the inflation was going to be something like low-single-digit inflation but it is coming in below those -- I think you said in your prepared comments it was better than expected for the quarter, so theres two questions here -- one big picture for the year, do you -- would you say that inflation is close to zero? And then for the quarter itself, it actually looks to me like it was a deflationary quarter -- is that correct?
Gary M. Rodkin : Actually, it was pretty much flat for the quarter, Id say -- John, is that accurate?
John F. Gehring : Yeah, I think the other thing just to keep in mind is that, as I commented, some of the deflation or lower costs are in categories such as vegetable oil where we tend to have to pass that back through in products like Wesson Oil pricing, so I think if you looked at the whole group without those products, were probably still slightly in the low-single-digits in terms of inflation. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: And you expect that for the year?
John F. Gehring : At this point, I dont have a better estimate other than looking at the full year in that way. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have another follow-up from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just a question on the -- I think you said international hit the top line by 1% but hit the -- hit EBIT by 6%. Is that on a consolidated basis because if I try to do the math on how you used to -- when you used to break out international, it would seem that that would mean that international is kind of running at like a 20% or so margin, which just seems a lot higher than when you used to break it out when it had about a 10% margin, so did I get that right that it was a 6% hit to consolidated EBIT?
John F. Gehring : No, the impact I was speaking of was on the consumer side. It was about 6% to the consumer operating profit and that includes not just translation but also transaction gains and losses related to that business that passed through cost of goods sold. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right, thanks for the clarification. 
Operator: There are not further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I will hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments. 
Chris Klinefelter : Thank you. This concludes our conference call and just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods. 
Operator: This concludes todays ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-06-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Rodkin  CEO John Gehring EVP & CFO Chris Klinefelter  VP IR
Analysts:  David Palmer - UBS Securities  Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Jason English - JPMorgan  Edgar Roesch - Soleil Securities Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company  Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus  Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein  Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital  Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research Karen Lemark  Federated Investors  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  Over the next few minutes John and I will provide our views about the strategic, operating, and financial aspects of the quarter, but before we get started Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve, so if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings release today or on our website at www.conagrafoods.com under the Financial Reports and Filings link and in choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. In reference to the Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.39 has $0.02 of net expense from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in an EPS of $0.41 on a comparable basis for this quarter.  On that same basis, the $0.17 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.01 of net expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.18 on a comparable basis. Lastly, as detailed in the press release, Consumer Foods operating profit of $271 million was up 53% as reported this quarter and up 40% on a comparable basis. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris, and good morning. Were very pleased to be able to report strong results today. As you see in the release we posted significant gains in profits for both of our segments this quarter. We told you that we expected a strong finish to the fiscal year and thats exactly what happened.  EPS from continuing operation more than doubled this quarter on a comparable basis and as reported reflecting very strong and balanced performance and also some benefit of an extra week.  We have many bright spots in terms of brands, product lines, supply chain cost savings, moderating inflation, and SG&A cost focus. All of which put us on a very strong foundation as we entered fiscal 2010. Let me start with a few words about our consumer food segment, volume was up 7%, sales grew at 14%, and operating profit improved 53% as reported. Profit was up 40% excluding restructuring charges last year.  The extra week helped us at the top and bottom line but even after adjusting for that we posted strong results. I couldnt be prouder of the turnaround our team has made in this segment. We posted this growth despite absorbing hedge losses, fighting foreign headwinds, and increasing marketing investments.  The top line progress shows the traction were getting with this years innovation, specifically strong results from the frozen transformation we discussed earlier in the year which included great products from Healthy Choice, Marie Callenders, and Banquet. To call out just a couple of these, our Healthy Choice Naturals line is a big win. Sales there are ahead of expectations.  Were confident this is the right product for the target audience and the connection with consumers is very strong. Another significant win is Marie Callenders Pasta Al Dente; Restaurant quality pasta offerings with the convenience of microwave cooking. This line uses our proprietary tray in tray steaming platform for perfect Italian cooking every time and the consumer and customer feedback has been fantastic. As an aside, I know theres a fair amount of discussion out there about the competitiveness of the frozen category. Keep in mind that every day consumers buy more than three million of our frozen products and that weve gotten much better at monitoring and understanding whats happening in the marketplace. The promotional environment has remained tough. We commented earlier in the year on that, and it hasnt significantly improved yet, and while we promote and merchandise with a disciplined ROI based approach to balancing the mix between volumes, sales, and profits, much more importantly our main approach to fighting through the challenges in the frozen category has been to bring real news to the category with powerful innovation and great marketing.  That should be apparent from the examples I just described. Market shares for these new items are right where we had hoped they would be at this point. We achieved terrific acceptance on our new products from Healthy Choice and Marie Callenders, where were seeing good velocities on these products as they hit the shelves.  Our marketing behind the Healthy Choice re-launch has generated a lot of very positive feedback. I believe many of you have seen the commercials on TV and on the web. These funny and memorable pieces featuring Julia Louis Dreyfuss are a great demonstration of how far weve come in improving our marketing.  We also continue to make significant progress with Healthy Choice Caf Steamers, and Asian Steamers, which are now more than $150 million in annualized sales and with shelf stable Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers.  Consumer pull for our products is the lifeblood of our business and were really excited about the strength that many of our brands are showing. We have good takeaways from many other brands throughout the portfolio including Chef Boyardee, Orville Redenbachers, Snack Pack Pudding, Hebrew National, Hunts, Alexia, Peter Pan, Reddi-Wip, and others, as you see listed in our supplemental information.  The key to our success with these brands is improved quality and smart and targeted marketing programs including an emerging strength in shopper marketing where we bring shopper insights to retailers for them to use customized in store programs. As an aside, our shopper marketing program was just named the best of the best by a leading marketing publication, jumping from number nine to second place right behind P&G. Theres another key success factor Id like to point out, as youve heard us say before were also very well aligned with the fastest growing channels in the industry, many of which are not tracked by syndicated data services. While were pleased that recent syndicated market share trends have improved, the story is even better across unmeasured channels.  This broad channel penetration and alignment with key customers is a source of strength and bodes well for our growth going forward. We increased marketing investment by about $16 million for the quarter. We had that flexibility in part due to profits from an extra week. And as youve heard us say before, our marketing investments are always done with a focus on ROI. Were starting to get some real traction across our portfolio and improved marketing has played a significant role in getting us to where we are now. So overall, our top line is showing strength given the innovation, the value orientation of many brands in our portfolio, and the quality and effectiveness of the marketing weve done.  Another significant reason for the margin and profit improvement in consumer foods is that commodity inflation has finally moderated to the point where our robust supply chain cost savings are outweighing it, resulting in a net benefit to profits. Commodity inflation of about $55 million for the quarter was more than offset by about $70 million of manufacturing, logistics, and procurement savings.  Thats a welcomed change from recent trends and it highlights the importance to our profit potential of the cost savings work weve been focused on for three fiscal years now. For the full fiscal year we generated about $300 million in consumer foods supply chain cost savings, ahead of our original plans and a significant amount by any standard.  And its translating into more visible shareholder benefit now that inflation has reached more manageable levels. The productivity runway remains long. Our SAP implementation is a key component of getting more efficient. As youve heard us say before weve successfully implemented modules touching our order to cash processes, total procurement, trade promotion management, and management reporting.  More importantly we now have 21 manufacturing plants on SAP which means enhanced visibility and efficiencies across key activities, such as recipe management, sales and operations, planning, procurement, quality management, and plant maintenance.  The plan implementations have gone extremely well and Ive very pleased with how our various functions have worked well as an integrated team to handle this complicated and important set of tasks.  Our most recent news here is that in April, we became the first SAP customer in the Americas to achieve advanced level certification. John will say more about this in a few minutes.  Before I move on, I want to address the accident we experienced in our Garner, North Carolina plant. As you likely know, this tragedy claimed the lives of three of our employees and injured dozens of others, all of them working in the packaging area of the plant.  Personally Im devastated by the loss of our colleagues. My thoughts and prayers remain with their families as well as with our injured employees. Although authorities havent yet released complete findings on the cause, they have let us know the accident was caused by a natural gas explosion.  At the time of the explosion we had a contractor installing new equipment in the plant. Well share more as we have it. But for now I want to emphasize three things, first I couldnt be prouder of our ability to respond to this situation quickly and compassionately.  We have been moved by all the emotional support the ConAgra Foods family has received, particularly from the local community. I deeply appreciate this outpouring of goodwill. Second, while this accident was extremely emotional on a personal level, we are in a position to rapidly return the Slim Jim business to reasonable service levels.  Through a combination of our own production and third party manufacturing, well be making Slim Jims again within just a few weeks. We do not expect this accident to have a material impact on our financial condition nor on consumer foods overall potential.  And finally, Im totally confident that this isolated accident does not reflect any inherent weakness in our manufacturing practices or infrastructure. Im proud of what weve accomplished improving the quality and safety of our work environment and operations over the past three years.  Here are a few facts to help you understand our commitment to the very highest quality and safety standards in our work environment and operations. Weve spent $275 million on food safety, quality, and infrastructure over the past two years. Weve also built a team of people who are focused on exceeding not just meeting industry standards for safety and quality, including an additional 140 food safety and quality personnel.  In the past four years since I joined ConAgra our industry standard measure of plant safety total incident rate has declined by 44% and is 50% better than the food industry benchmark as measured by OSHA. I wanted you to have this perspective so that you understand my confidence in the overall state of our manufacturing platforms. Let me close my discussion on consumer foods by returning back to the fundamentals of the operations. We have on trend brands with great innovation, marketing, and consumer insights, a strong set of value offerings, and robust cost savings opportunities in our supply chain, as well as SG&A.  Another reason for my optimism is that we have the right people in the right jobs in this important segment. As many of you know we made management changes in this segment earlier this year which has increased the effectiveness of our [inaudible] structure and significantly improved execution.  This has also allowed me to spend more time on our marketing and innovation agendas. We call this getting the wiring right and its an important element in why were able to deliver our growth commitments in this segment.  So when I consider all the heavy lifting weve done in the past three to four years to strengthen our foundation from the standpoint of operations and talent, and the momentum that has clearly developed in the back half of this year, I couldnt be more confident in our future.  Our commercial business continued its winning streak despite a more challenging economic environment due to declining restaurant traffic. For the quarter sales were down a little, thats due to lower flour prices driven by lower underlying wheat costs, and profits were up 35%.  We saw better flour milling margins versus a year ago driven by mix and a high quality wheat crop which helps mill efficiencies, as well as good sales and profit growth from Lamb Weston reflecting a healthy combination of mix, efficiencies, and pricing that followed raw product cost increases.  Our dehydrated vegetable and seasonings operations were slightly less profitable than a year ago given the economys impact on some portion of food service related customer base. The commercial group had a truly outstanding year overall and indeed has had a couple of strong years back to back. We consider those unusually high and when we look to our forecast for fiscal 2010, we see a year for commercial foods thats essentially in line with 2009. Primarily this reflects the fact that flour milling profits will likely be lower. Over the past few years our milling business has done an exceptional job of managing the historical volatility in the wheat market. Strong risk management of this volatility along with very good operational performance in the mills has helped lead to higher profits.  Mill efficiency is influenced by the quality of the wheat crop and whether it yields at relatively higher or lower rates then an average year. For our fiscal 2009 the crop quality was very strong which helped drive an increase in profits. We dont plan on that every year.  And the commercial foods outlook also reflects the tough restaurant industry conditions. While we cant change the macro environment, we can assure you that Lamb Weston will navigate these conditions as well as any company can and thats due to its strong customer service, innovation, and efficiencies.  To close, Im more excited about our overall prospects then Ive ever been. In regard to the near-term were optimistic about the earnings outlook for 2010. Our growth should be primarily driven by the consumer foods segment of the business, as Ive mentioned. We expect to see good volume and mix performance plus very solid continued supply chain improvement, and lower inflation, along with a laser like focus on SG&A. As we process all the various drivers of next years performance, our estimate for fiscal 2010 EPS is in the range of $1.63 to $1.66 excluding items impacting comparability. To the extent that the Slim Jim disruption means lower profits from that specific brand, our business interruption insurance should make us substantially whole.  Thats the way weve approached our guidance. Our 2010 estimate represents healthy growth over fiscal 2009 consistent with our long-term objectives and it shows our progress as a company and the momentum that has developed. As usual, well provide the customary updates to our outlook as the year progresses.  Now Im going to turn it over to John Gehring, our CFO, who will provide additional details. 
John Gehring : Thank you Gary and good morning everyone. In my comments this morning Im going to address four main topics; our fourth quarter results, comparability matters, capital and balance sheet items, and some comments on our outlook.  With respect to our fourth quarter results, while Gary has provided you with a good summary of our quarter, I would like to highlight and amplify a few key items. First we are very pleased with the continued strong performance turned in by our consumer foods business. Business continues to build momentum across virtually every critical dimension including top line growth, market share, cost control, and margin improvement.  Consumer foods operating profit on a comparable basis for the fourth quarter increased 40%. At the same time we were able to accelerate investment behind our brands, increasing marketing expense by approximately $16 million or 18% for the quarter. Our strong consumer foods performance continues to be driven by successful innovation, better marketing and merchandising, improving inflation trends, strong supply chain capabilities, and a stable of brands with strong value appeal.  In addition our commercial foods businesses continue to compete very effectively despite a challenging food service environment and we remain confident in the ability of our commercial management teams to navigate this difficult environment well.  Our cost control efforts continue to yield very good results, both in our supply chain operations and in our selling, general, and administrative functions. Consistent with our expectations, our consumer supply chain cost savings came in ahead of target with savings in excess of $300 million for the full year.  For the first time in many quarters, our cost savings benefits for the quarter more than offset the negative impacts of commodity inflation. In addition we achieved our SG&A targets for the year. Our people are embracing our zero overhead growth or ZOG culture and we continue to see good results.  In addition to our improved earnings performance, we have also achieved substantial improvement in our operating cash flows from continuing operations. This improvement was driven by stronger earnings, and improved working capital efficiencies. Our cash generated by operating activities from continuing operations for fiscal 2009 exceeded $900 million compared to approximately $370 million in the prior year.  While we are pleased with this improvement we will continue to have a very strong emphasis on operating cash flows in 2010 and beyond. Additional details relating to our cash flows will be provided in our Form 10-K including allocation of amounts between continuing operations and discontinued operations.  Now Ill move on to my second topic, items impacting comparability. First on hedging, in the fourth quarter we had approximately $31 million of benefits in corporate reflecting the allocation of hedge losses from corporate to the operating segments and we had $9 million of additional net hedge gains recognized in corporate expense during the quarter.  These result in a benefit of $0.05 per diluted share in corporate which we treat as a comparability item. Second, we incurred expense of approximately $50 million or $0.07 per diluted share related to premiums and transaction fees paid in connection with our fourth quarter debt refinancing. We treat these premiums and transaction fees as a comparability item. I will comment further on our debt refinancing in a moment. Now let me turn to capital and balance sheet items for the quarter. First on working capital, we made good progress on working capital in the fourth quarter and for the full year. The change in working capital resulted in a modest source of cash flows from continuing operations, which exceeded our cash neutral target for the full year.  We continue to focus all of our businesses on key cash conversion metrics; accounts receivable, days' sales outstanding, inventory days on hand, and days' payable outstanding. And we expect continued working capital improvement for fiscal 2010. Next on capital expenditures, for the quarter we had capital expenditures of $121 million, which brings our year to date total to $442 million, consistent with our prior guidance. Also as we have commented previously, we continue to invest in our reengineering efforts and our systems infrastructure through our SAP efforts which continue to progress very successfully.  As Gary noted, in April ConAgra Foods became the first SAP customer in all of the Americas to achieve the customer center of expertise advanced certification. Being awarded the advanced level certification from SAP is another sign of the progress weve made towards building world class operating capabilities over the past several years.  As I alluded to a moment ago we executed a very successful debt refinancing program during the fourth quarter. Through this program we issued a total of $1 billion of new five year and 10 year debt at attractive rates. We also completed a tender offer for approximately $900 million of outstanding debt and contributed approximately $100 million to our pension plans.  As a result of the program we were able to improve liquidity, extend our average debt maturities, and significantly reduce refinancing risk over the next two years, all in a very cost effective manner.  With respect to our pension plans, our funding levels like those of most companies have decreased due to the market downturn. However we remain comfortable with our overall funding levels and we are still very confident that our future funding requirements are very manageable.  Interest expense was $51 million for the fourth quarter versus $70 million in the prior year. This decline is largely due to the interest income on the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations which closed in the first quarter of this year. We remain very comfortable with the collectability of these notes.  Dividends paid for the quarter totaled $85 million versus $93 million last year. The decrease reflects fewer outstanding shares. Also during the fourth quarter we finalized the accelerated share repurchase program that we initiated last summer and we received approximately 5.6 million additional shares under the program at no additional cost to us. Now Id like to comment on our fiscal 2010 outlook, as Gary mentioned we have estimated our fiscal 2010 fully diluted EPS excluding items impacting comparability to be in the range of $1.63 to $1.66 consistent with our long-term algorithm of 8% to 10% EPS growth. We expect to achieve this earnings growth in fiscal 2010 despite one less selling week, unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange, and lapping a record year in our milling operations.  Pension and post retirement costs for fiscal 2010 will be in line with fiscal 2009 amounts. Also as previously noted we expect continued improvement in working capital in fiscal 2010. Further we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $475 million.  By segment we expect the strong earnings growth in our consumer foods segment to continue and to be driven by innovation, marketing, merchandising and promotion, lower inflation trends, continued strong supply chain capabilities, and a portfolio with strong value appeal.  We expect our commercial foods business performance to be in line with fiscal 2009 results as benefits from lower inflation will be offset by the impacts of the challenging food service environment and less favorable operating conditions for our flour milling business. We still expect our commercial businesses to perform very well versus their competitive sets.  Let me take just a moment now to add my personal thoughts on Garner, my thoughts and prayers remain with our injured co-workers and their families and those of the employees who lost their lives in this tragedy.  While I am deeply saddened by the effects of this accident, it is heartening to see the strong sense of community and caring among the employees at this location and across ConAgra Foods. As to the accident itself, we do not expect it to have a material adverse impact on our consumer foods business or total company results for fiscal 2010 or beyond.  We expect that proceeds from our business interruption insurance will substantially compensate for any profits lost during the next few months as we execute our Slim Jim brand recovery plans. Any net gain or loss associated with property losses, Workers Compensation claims, general liability claims, related insurance proceeds, and other incidental uninsured costs will be treated as items impacting comparability.  As we learn more about the losses and insurance [coveries] including the timing of when such amounts will be recorded in our quarterly results, we will provide you with additional information.  In summary while we expect that fiscal 2010 will be a challenging year in some respects, we are optimistic about the strength of our businesses, and especially pleased with the momentum and progress of our consumer foods segment.  That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. Gary and I along with Andre Hawaux and Rob Sharpe will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Palmer - UBS Securities 
David Palmer - UBS Securities : Question about fiscal 2010 and what do you think the biggest variables as you think about how that year will play out, the three things that Im thinking about are the competitive behavior in frozen, the repeat levels of your new Healthy Choice line in that segment, and then lastly the demand in the food service area, in other words restaurant demand. Those are three things that I would think of that would be pretty big variables but perhaps you could address that and if theres anything else that would be higher on the list that would be great to hear about. 
Gary Rodkin : First I would tell you one thing you didnt mention is the overlap that we have with ConAgra Mills, thats taken into account in our forecast, but we certainly dont expect to repeat the performance in that segment. As it pertains to frozen competitiveness, we believe were in a very good position. Were not looking there to compete primarily on price. We believe weve got our merchandising programs where they need to be from a customer/consumer standpoint. We havent gone crazy. Weve stayed fiscally responsible. Were looking to fight that battle through strong innovation, continued strong innovation, and strong marketing. So we feel good there. As it pertains to the Healthy Choice repeat levels, at this point everything looks very, very good on our new products and we believe that will continue to be the case.  All the feedback is extremely strong. I do think and your last element on food service, yes certainly there are some macro issues in the environment to deal with in the restaurant trade but we believe were in a very good position particularly with Lamb Weston to fight through that as well as anybody.  The strength of that business obviously is french fries; 85% of the french fries are sold through QSRs, quick serve restaurants, and thats probably the most stable piece of the food service environment. And we obviously took all of that into consideration in building the plan.  However the probably, one really important piece that we did not talk about is the fact that weve got very strong productivity programs, cost save programs, that will clearly be bigger than inflation this year. Inflation is moderating. Our cost savings programs are still strong and that gap will help us from a margin standpoint. 
David Palmer - UBS Securities : How much bigger is your productivity savings this year then perhaps last year, do you have any dimensions on that. 
Chris Klinefelter : We start each year with a benchmark goal of around $225 million and then update you throughout the year whether or not were running ahead of that but it will, were expecting inflation to be a low single-digit rate so even our beginning point should comfortably outpace that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just actually a follow up I guess to Davids question, when you look at cost inflation for next year, if you can just give us some degree of how much of your input costs are locked in, how far theyre locked in for, and given where protein like hog and cattle prices are, is there a chance that or how much variability is there for the potential for input costs to actually come down relative to what youre budgeting right now. 
John Gehring : Let me talk generally about how we see inflation especially in the consumer space, were looking at still seeing some inflation next year in the low single-digits. Were not looking at deflation. The inflation is going to be driven by tomatoes, tin plate related to cans, and some of the proteins. We typically are not going to get into a discussion of our precise coverages but I will tell you that we are proactive in looking at our cost structure and our procurement plans I think are appropriate given the environment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll - Citigroup
David Driscoll - Citigroup: First off congratulations on a good quarter and it is great to see that ConAgra has its brands gaining momentum. I really just have two questions, the first one is business related and the second one would come back to the manufacturing side, on the first side, by my calculations your fiscal 2010 guidance implies that the consumer business would grow operating profits of about 8%. This growth is even higher if we consider the last of a 53rd week. This is significantly above what we see with like the rest of the food group. Can you put this in perspective, how aggressive do you feel that this figure is. 
Gary Rodkin : Clearly were going to get the growth from our consumer foods segment next year and it will be bigger then what you stated, but I would tell you that we feel very, very confident in the fundamentals of the business both from an innovation, marketing, productivity standpoint. So were very confident that weve got really good momentum and yes, we have a 53rd week to go up against, but weve already taken that into account in our plan. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Is there any share repurchase benefit factored into the guidance. 
John Gehring : No we do not have any share repurchase benefit in the guidance at this point. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Thanks for the comments on the safety of ConAgras manufacturing operations, the absence of this information has made it quite challenging to analyze the company, one follow-up here. Will your plant maintenance budget rise to any significant extent in fiscal 2010.
Gary Rodkin : Simple answer is no. We feel very good about our quality, safety, and infrastructure programming. Weve made significant improvements and upgrades to the infrastructure, capital, and manpower the last three years and we feel we stack up in a good place. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English - JPMorgan 
Jason English - JPMorgan :  Couple of quick questions for you, you mentioned marketing expenses up 16% in the quarter, was that just consumer marketing expense and can you comment on how your trade spend line is changing. 
Gary Rodkin :  Yes we did increase our marketing spend by about $16 million this quarter, year over year, we were confident in our momentum and having that extra week. So we did make that investment. And our trade spend has gone up a little bit to take into account the value equation, the price value needs in the marketplace but its pretty minimal.  And we feel very, very good that weve got that under control particularly with a new program in place for fiscal 2010. 
Jason English - JPMorgan : Theres been a lot of chatter about multiple retailers introducing SKU rationalization and brand or product prioritization initiatives, I suspect nearly every company is going to have some products that are going to feel a bit of pain, some that are going to get a little bit of gain, as you look at your portfolio can you identify any areas specific areas where you see some risk or opportunities from these types of initiatives. 
Gary Rodkin : We really do see a bit of caution but really an opportunity as well and its always important for us to help our customers optimize their shelf real estate to make it more productive. You know our own private label, snack bar, cereal and potato business is doing quite well. Its got reasonable margins and we expect thats going to continue to grow.  I would tell you on the brand side its obviously our responsibility to make sure that we stay relevant with our key brands to the consumers and customers and we do have a good number of number one brands like Orville Redenbacher, Banquet in the value frozen space, Chef Boyardee, Hunts tomatoes, Reddi-Wip, Egg Beaters, Pam and others that will benefit actually from a reduced brand assortment.  But I think the real core here, the key part of this issue is making sure that we are proactively eliminating our own SKUs when they have may have questionable returns for the retailer and we have a very robust program that were in called active SKU management that tackles this proactively, very proactively.  So Id say the other piece to this to ensure our momentum is to make sure weve got the right price gaps with private label. And you know that were all over that much better than we were a year ago where Id say we used more of a blunt instrument so that price gapping with private label is important.  So I think weve got ourselves in a very good position. We do not see any significant material vulnerabilities and were being very proactive in this regard and when I talk about active SKU management, thats specific SKUs within lines not total brands. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edgar Roesch - Soleil Securities
Edgar Roesch - Soleil Securities: My main question here is on your corporate expense, that was significant savings year over year, fiscal 2009 I think you gained about $0.11 per share from reductions. Is it at a sustainable level heading into fiscal 2010 and can you comment on the bonus factor or any kind of incentive compensation factor on that number. 
John Gehring : First of all, related to the sustainability, we have focused on our core SG&A and we have made, we continue to be able to drive our zero overhead growth across that core SG&A and we expect to be able to sustain that for certainly some period of time.  As you alluded to, a portion of the decrease youre seeing year over year is driven by a decrease in incentives from fiscal 2008 to 2009 but we focus on core SG&A for our initiatives and that excludes the impact of those incentives. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on your asset platform specifically in manufacturing. I did a little bit of math and I found that on a sales per manufacturing facility basis youre a lot lower than your peers, probably around the line of 50% in your consumer business, when I compared it to Kraft and other brand of companies. Just wondering, it seemed like you have a lot of plants that may be smaller in scale and I think you also have a lot of brands that are kind of mid-tier and I wanted to know what do you think the positives and negatives are of having an asset platform like that. 
Gary Rodkin : Well I wouldnt tell you that the math is exactly on target, but youre conceptually correct given the way that we were built through acquisitions, we do have an infrastructure thats like that. Now Id also tell you that its a lot better than it was a few years ago and I think the biggest point is this is where are, a lot of our productivity runway exists.  Youve seen what weve been able to do in terms of putting hundreds of millions of dollars per year on the board from a productivity standpoint and were saying that that runway remains long and thats a significant piece of it.  So it is clearly in our sights. We are making big progress in that regard and I believe that we will continue to see that as a major component of our productivity and margin improvement. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: You talked about the $275 million spent on quality over the past couple of years, is there another incremental investment coming or is that investment kind of tapering now.  
Gary Rodkin : Yes, I would tell you that we really went back and shifted our focus toward core infrastructure if you will, and that is changing as we go forward and you will see us invest more in growth versus basic infrastructure. We feel weve gotten to a pretty good place there so the capital spend, total capital spend will not change dramatically but the balance will shift toward growth. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Is there any way you can kind of give us like a first half, second half comparison on commodity costs. It seems like the first half will have the easiest comparison on costs and then changing in the back half and maybe if you can add to that, a lot of these commodities have gone up in the last few months, does that make it any easier to go to a retailer and talk about the possibility of even more pricing for next calendar year. Kroger said that the cost to produce their own private label food is starting to rise again. Have you noticed that?
Gary Rodkin : Yes, what I would tell you is that we clearly are not looking at deflation, were looking at inflation although moderating. Private label is seeing that as well. Obviously their percentage of cost of goods with the lower price is greater for that. So were seeing a rise in the private label pricing which I think gives us confidence that were really not going to see wholesale rollbacks.  As we take this kind of holistic look and we see where private label is going and the actions that weve already taken to get our price value in line, I wouldnt say that there is going to be more than isolated instances on specific things where there may be pricing warranted. Overall that is not a big piece of our plan for next year. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: And then the timing of commodity cost comparisons, is there anything you can tell us. 
Gary Rodkin : Yes clearly youll see the year over year comparison easier in the first half but the second half still looks pretty good. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : With respect to your commercial foods business, has your outlook become more cautious since comments made in February, or is it still relatively the same. 
Gary Rodkin : No Id say its probably about the same. I think were feeling pretty good that we can fight our way through as well as anybody can. It is a tougher macro environment but again, the space that we play biggest in with Lamb Weston on french fries in QSRs is probably the most stable and also a really strong profit source for those operators.  So yes, still a relatively tough macro environment. Obviously the big delta for next year on commercial is mills, with the comparison and what was happening with the volatility in the wheat markets but other than that, I think we feel reasonably good that we can still grow our Lamb Weston business.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : Just want to ask about Alexia, how is the rollout of the waffle fries going, are you getting shelf space, just an update there. 
Gary Rodkin : Yes, the sell-in has gone well. Its very early, we dont have enough read yet on the takeaway, but the sell-in part has gone well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : I just had two questions for you, the first one I want to ask in relation to your comment before about private label, how youre all over that, and youve done a good job with the course correcting, have you found that your price gaps, youre having to move those lower if you will, in order to be more competitive whether its against private label or competition. Have you notice that of late or any change there. 
Gary Rodkin : Well I think that theres a zone that we believe that we can live with and play within. I do believe that consumers are more discerning about value more than theyve ever been before and that will probably continue to be the case. Were taking that into account with our merchandising program so I think weve got a pretty good hold on our pricing architecture now, much better than its been in the past. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Have you said how much in rough terms the profitability for Slim Jim is, whats kind of in play if you will around the insurance, [interest] and proceeds in fiscal 2010.
Gary Rodkin : Were basically saying that we will be able to replace the basic operating performance of Slim Jim with our insurance and therefore it is not a hole in our F10 earnings. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Have you said how much that is though or maybe what percentage margin that business is in rough terms. 
Gary Rodkin : No, thats probably too competitive to talk about. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : And just in terms of cost inflation for fiscal 2010 have you given a dollar amount, sort of estimate of what we should expect for the year. 
John Gehring : Were looking at low single-digits, beyond that weve not commented. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : I wanted to follow up on the pace of introduction of new products, clearly its stepped up quite nicely over the last year or so, consumer takeaway looks good. Do you have a data point in terms of what percentage of sales are coming from products introduced say over the last three years or whatever timeframe you choose, and do you anticipate that thats going to increase over time or are you pretty much where you want to be on that metric.
Gary Rodkin : I think in real rough terms its probably about 5% over the last three years or so and I think thats probably around the right zone. Again, were about fewer, bigger, better and not about the number of SKUs so were looking at a high batting average and having the sustainability and growth over time and also looking at it in terms of platforms.  So I believe that introducing good margin new products that will grow over time will continue to be our focus. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : But you dont see an acceleration from what youve achieved in fiscal 2009 and youre pretty much where you want to be. 
Gary Rodkin : Maybe a small acceleration. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Quick question on some of the thoughts around the value orientation, weve obviously heard that a lot from a lot of companies and yourselves as well and Im trying to get a sense, the examples are going after value more of just shifting some of the marketing which makes sense to things at the trade, whether it be discounts and allowances, things of that nature and Im sure theres some of that but are there any other things that you or youve seen others do around delivering value to the consumer that are new and sort of interesting or different ways of sort of leading your merchandising with retailers that youre doing from a sales perspective thats truly different or novel. 
Gary Rodkin : Well I think one piece would be working backwards from price point and doing some potential reengineering of products which is really the story of what weve done on Banquet to enable us to hit that magical $1.00 price point so I think thats a little bit different.  Talking to consumers through our customers on dollar price points for total meals, so like meals for under $10.00 and leading with that with a whole host of things in our portfolio, really shifting some of our emphasis in promotion from national consumer promotions into shopper marketing.  So doing programs that are more in line with what our retail partners are looking to do versus running national FSIs. All of those things I think are a bit different. The last thing Id say in terms of maybe whats a little different about ConAgra Foods is I think weve got the right portfolio to play in this environment and I mentioned the Banquet example, Chef Boyardee is clearly an example that brings a lot of foot traffic in and is a great value.  But then theres products like our Hunts Snack Pack Pudding, which is $0.25 or $0.30 per cup and mom sees that as a tremendous value and that business is doing very well. Another one would be our Hunts Pasta Sauce which cuts equally as well as the premium jarred products but is a significantly lower price point.  So we have a number of products where weve got reasonable margins that can really deliver value and when we bundle those together for customers, weve got a good package. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : Is your gut that, because Ive heard this from a number of other food companies, that even if, when things start improving a little bit from a macro perspective that perhaps well see a consumer that will still be somewhat more value oriented ongoing then they might have been in years past. I know this is just more of your personal gut feeling.  Gary Rodkin  I would absolutely agree with that that value-on orientation that lets call it save versus spend mentality I think is going to be with us for a good time, a good long time, much more discerning consumer looking to really get value for every penny they spend and I think that has to be in our crosshairs and it clearly is very much the case here at ConAgra. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of David Driscoll - Citigroup
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Whats the biggest driver in consumer foods in F10, is it volume growth or is it margin expansion. 
Gary Rodkin : I would tell you its probably more margin expansion which is fuel for volume growth. We clearly are looking at volume growth but the real key trigger is again really good productivity and cost controls that will outweigh the moderating inflation. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: But I think you said earlier in the call that you did expect volume growth in the segment. 
Gary Rodkin : We do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: I was surprised that you didnt talk too much about the initial performance of the Banquet restaging in the quarter, could you give us some commentary as to how thats going and how thats, whether thats meeting your profitability targets at the $1.00 price point. 
Gary Rodkin : Sorry if I didnt hit that specifically, very, very pleased. Weve got double-digit net sales growth on Banquet in Q4 and weve got significant margin improvement in Q4, so a real huge win for us in hitting exactly what consumers and customers what. Its kind of a win all the way around. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: And then in the broader frozen portfolio would you say that you are gaining shelf space, freezer space, versus your competitors. Maybe you could address the incrementality of some of the new products. I realize that the Banquet restage, youre replacing some slower moving SKUs with some faster turning ones, but it seems that some of those are more replacement whereas it seems that other things like the Maries Pasta Al Dente and the new, some of the new steamer lines, the Asian Steamers, are more incremental. But net, net are you gaining freezer space in your view or just holding on to what you have. 
Gary Rodkin : Id say we are gaining a bit, I wouldnt say thats a huge piece of the equation at this point, a bit of shelf space gain but most importantly were clearly gaining market share in single serve meals. All three of the products you mentioned, Banquet and in particularly Healthy Choice and Marie Callenders are gaining significant market share behind great innovation and great marketing.  So were very, very pleased with the frozen transformation. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research:  And then just a final housekeeping question, I think it said in the press release that there was like an $11 million impact from foreign exchange in the consumer foods segment, I know that you have some export exposure, small international business there and some into Mexico and the like, but it still struck me that that was a large number relative to at least how you are perceived as being a domestic company. Was there anything in particular at play as to why you reached $11 million or was that just the market based impact. 
John Gehring : Yes, its essentially the market based impact and I dont think theres anything unusual in there. I think as I commented earlier we will have some foreign exchange headwinds in the next year, but again we dont expect those to keep us from hitting the targets weve set. 
Gary Rodkin : And thats both transaction and translation so weve got some of that happening, weve got fairly sizable businesses in Mexico and Canada. But again all thats taken into account for next year. Nothing outside of plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Lemark  Federated Investors 
Karen Lemark  Federated Investors : Understanding you still expect to grow Lamb Weston, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on food service. Sequentially in general did sales, were they stable or did they slow and what are you assumptions around that fiscal 2010 versus 2009 and maybe if you could separate out what youre seeing in QSR versus casual dining if thats possible. 
Rob Sharpe: I dont think Im going to go that deep on it, but just from kind of the 10,000 foot level, let me give you some overall trends. Generally if you think of the world as QSR and all other food service, there was pretty decent performance out of QSR. Its stable to growing depending on the chain and we kind of expect that to continue into fiscal 2010. The other food service channels and Ill call it fine dining more formal/casual dining, they were hit pretty hard in the second half. We do expect that to come back but its a slow build and so when we look out over fiscal 2010 were expecting most of that comeback to come in the second half because if a chain closes its doors, it doesnt just reopen them next week when things get better.  So I hope thats helpful but I think thats as deep as we want to go. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Just lastly you said that 21 of your plants are on SAP now, but you have 94 around the country, what percent of your facilities do you intend to introduce SAP into. 
John Gehring : Our focus on SAP is on our consumer platform principally and we are through 21 plants and we have approximately 12 more to go and we will be complete with that in about the next 15 months. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Chris Klinefelter : Thank you, this concludes our conference call and as a reminder this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-12-17 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer Chris Klinefelter  Vice President of Investor Relations Andr Hawaux  Chief Financial Officer Rob Sharpe - President of Commercial, Executive Vice President of External Affairs
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citi Investments Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus David Palmer - UBS Investment Research
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods second quarter earnings conference call. This program is being recorded. My name is [John Daniels] and I will be your conference facilitator. (Operator Instructions)  At this time I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin:  Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and I'm here with Andr Hawaux, our CFO, Rob Sharpe, President of our Commercial segment and EVP of External Affairs, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  Over the next few minutes Andr and I will provide our views about the strategic, operating and financial aspects of the quarter, but before we get started Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Chris Klinefelter:  Good morning. During today's remarks we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve, so if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and in choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. In reference to Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.38 has $0.05 of net expense from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in an EPS of $0.43 on a comparable basis for this quarter. On that same basis, the $0.27 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.03 of expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.30 on a comparable basis. Lastly, as detailed in the press release, Consumer Foods operating profit of $247 million was up 2% as reported this quarter and down 8% on a comparable basis. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin:  Thanks, Chris. Given the current market environment, I'm happy to be able to reconfirm our earnings outlook for fiscal 2009. Second quarter comparable EPS of $0.43 reinforce our full year outlook. For the quarter, our Commercial businesses delivered another strong performance. We saw good controllable cost performance across the company.  Changes to our Consumer merchandising programs showed positive results late in the quarter, and our key new products performed well. At the same time, several challenges that we forecasted for Consumer Foods affected our results as we expected. As I said last quarter, we know what the issues are and we've taken significant actions to improve the operating performance in Consumer Foods. This has put us in a good position to deliver on our commitment for profit growth in this segment during the back half. Let me go through some of the segment highlights of the quarter. Consumer had a solid quarter in many respects. As expected, our non-measured channel business was very strong, and recent IRI numbers indicate the start of a more favorable trend in the mainstream grocery channel. Overall, Consumer sales were up a little more than 4% on a comparable basis and volumes were down a little less than 4%. Consumer volume reflected our need to work through some finetuning on our pricing. We chose to err on the side of somewhat aggressive list pricing and to course correct surgically with merchandising. I firmly believe we can grow net sales in a way that preserves the vitality of our brands.  Competitive promotion remained fierce in the Frozen business, but we now have the right measured responses in place and we're starting to see better marketplace results toward the end of the quarter. We also remain very pleased with the performance of Healthy Choice Caf Steamers, which are now up to an annualized run rate of more than $140 million in our sales and represent more than 30% of Healthy Choice frozen sales. This is a testament to the power of our game-changing innovation, and you can expect to see more of it in the back half of the year, particularly in our Frozen operations. You're still seeing only the tip of the iceberg in terms of our innovation pipeline, which focuses on delivering step changes in the uniqueness of our products. While solid Banquet volume and sales growth didn't fall through to the bottom line as previously discussed with you, that issue is being addressed by the introduction of a revamped line of Banquet dinners late in our third quarter.  In our Grocery businesses, Healthy Choice Fresh Mixes were introduced nationally during the quarter and are performing well. Consumer feedback is very positive. This line of high quality, nutritious, shelf stable, convenient meals hits the bullseye on the lunch day part and nicely complements our primary focus on the dinner segment in frozen. We have more plans in place for this innovative platform in the future. We've also continued the momentum on key brands like Hunt's tomatoes Hebrew National hotdogs. And although several of our high-share grocery brands were down on volume, we've adjusted our merchandising on these brands to bend that trend while still maintaining good margins. In the Snacks business we saw healthy growth, both top and bottom line. All key brands showed sales growth as consumers spend more time at home, and we've supported the brands with high-quality advertising. Most of our Enabler group performed well, with sales up significantly behind pricing and generally good volume performance. Consumers are seeking the excellent value propositions offered by brands like a Libby's or a La Choi, and some of our strong regional brands like Rosarita turned in excellent performances.  The exception was Wesson Oil. Wesson showed a continuing hangover from a high cost inventory built earlier in the year. It was also impacted by our overly aggressive reductions in trade events and further declines in market prices for edible oils. Both of these hit volume and contribution in a meaningful way.  Moving from sales to profit, Consumer Foods bottom line was down about 8% versus last year on a comparable basis. I'm not happy with that, but it is in the zone that we expected. The decline largely results from significant inflation, selected brand volume losses resulting from some price elasticities, and the issues with Wesson and Banquet. On the A&P side, our spend was down a bit this quarter, but we are spending what we need. I expect our overall A&P spend to be in line with last year's amount, with an ROI emphasis getting more bang for the buck.  Good things continue to happen on the supply chain side. Our cost savings are materially ahead of schedule, with benefits for this quarter consistent with our forecast and above our original plans. As expected, inflation remained heavy across a big part of our inventory, even with moderating market costs for some ingredients. Overall inflation in Consumer Foods was $170 million, up about 12% from our costs a year ago. Remember that declines in commodity costs do not immediately fall through to results, and the cost of some key elements of our basket of goods, such as proteins, continued to rise. The delay in realization of lower costs in key ingredients reflects both a normal lag in applied inventory valuations and our hedges in supply contracts, which smooth costs both when they're rising and when they're falling. Although the declines will favorably impact costs in the future, we still expect to see aggregate cost increases, but at a lower rate than what we've seen in the last few quarters. That $170 million of inflation this quarter more than offset our cost saves. Also keep in mind that last year our consumer base had a $24 million hedge gain that we didn't have this year. We've worked through these challenges and I feel good about our progress. On the Commercial side, the segment remained very strong on virtually all measures. These are well positioned businesses and it shows in their consistently good results.  Sales were up significantly and profits were up more than 18% against last year. The increase was largely driven by a strong performance from our flour milling operations and it was based on our core operating performance, which was helped by a very high-quality winter wheat crop. Lamb Weston continued to deliver high-quality growth by finding ways to cover inflation, while at the same time improving the product offerings. Foot traffic and QSRs remain solid and Lamb Weston products are a key profit contributor to these customers. Our Gilroy and Swank businesses also continued to show gains against the prior year. Looking forward to the third quarter, I expect several issues that have dampened our results to have a lessening effect. As I indicated before, we now have our merchandising price points in Consumer essentially where they need to be, so I expect improved dynamics for a number of key brands. We also expect Wesson to sequentially improve its contribution as higher priced inventory continues to be worked off.  We'll also be increasing our overall A&P investment in light of the product news and innovation being introduced in our back half.  And on the Commercial side, I want to remind you that last year's Q3 Commercial profits benefited from a perfect storm in the wheat markets. We don't expect to repeat that in our milling operations this quarter, and this overlap issue is built into our expectations.  Looking at our full year outlook, I'm confident in our ability to deliver for our investors. When I consider the expected improvement in Consumer Foods, the performance of the Commercial businesses, our cost discipline and the strength of our balance sheet, there are many things going well for us. There's no question that the consumer marketplace is difficult. Consumers are looking for hot price points, companies are managing input costs that reflect continuing, although abating, inflation, and many trade customers are struggling for growth.  But I believe we have the right tools to profit from this dynamic. We have a great stable of brands that play to thrifty consumers who are eating more at home. We have better merchandising programs now in place on key higher-margin brands, and we have innovative new products that are gaining traction.  I want to reinforce that we're comfortable with our full year outlook and with our commitment to grow Consumer Foods profit in the balance of the year. The fourth quarter in particular looks very strong for us. It reflects a Frozen portfolio transformation, including the Banquet dinner reformulations I mentioned to you last quarter that will be in the market at the end of the third quarter. This transformation is very proactive and will strengthen our competitive position in the Frozen segment and improve our Banquet margins. And it also reflects the timing of several improvements in other areas of the business, like Wesson Oil, that I just discussed. It reflects abating inflation, and it includes the 53rd week in this year. We have gotten better and smarter about responding to the challenges in the market, and I believe it will show in the back half. We started to see some evidence of this in November and we'll continue to see it today.  At this point, I'll turn it over to Andr, who'll provide you with some additional details. Andr?
Andr Hawaux:  Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I want to focus my comments on four primary areas our Q2 accomplishments, capital items for the quarter, our balance sheet strength, and then finish with a fiscal year 2009 outlook. Q2 accomplishments were many and I won't repeat all of Gary's points, but I would like to reemphasize the following: You saw us deliver another strong performance in our Commercial segment. This marks the 11th consecutive quarter we have delivered solid growth. This is no accident. These businesses are well run, customer-centric and operating focused, and their results speak for themselves. Our cost control, both in supply chain and at corporate, reflect a growing cultural shift to zero overhead growth, which people are embracing as a new way to do business at Consumer Foods. In particular, supply chain cost savings came in ahead of target and we are now on track to deliver supply chain savings in excess of $250 million for the full year. And as Gary mentioned, our Consumer results have been very strong in non-measured channels, particularly in mass and club. We saw improvement in our Consumer takeaway in the last month of this quarter in measured channels as we fine tuned our merchandising price points and continue to see that today. Now, talking about capital items for the quarter, interest expense was $43 million in the current quarter versus $62 million in the year ago period. This expense decline is largely due to the interest income on the notes receivable associated with the sale of our trading and merchandising operations. We remain very comfortable with the collectibility of these notes. Dividends paid for the quarter totaled $86 million versus $88 million last year, reflecting fewer shares outstanding.  For the quarter, we had capital expenditures of $115 million, which brings our year-to-date CapEx to $221 million. We continue to forecast a full year capital number in the range of $475 million.  We are on track with respect to our working capital targets, which we call to be at least cash neutral for the year.  My next topic is our balance sheet. We believe it is useful in these turbulent economic times to remind our investors about ConAgra's strong balance sheet and our access to credit. We have a $1.5 billion revolver in place which does not mature until December 16, 2011. At quarter end, we had used approximately $180 million of this line, a fairly small percentage of it. We currently also have approximately $100 million in outstanding commercial paper and we have maintained good access to the commercial paper markets during this time. Our $3.3 billion of long-term debt has nothing coming due until fiscal year 2011. We have a 2027 bond of $300 million that has a put feature which could be exercised in the summer of 2009. We have a game plan to readily refinance this bond, should the need arise. Now I want to close with comments [break in audio] our fiscal year 2009 outlook. As Gary mentioned, we are reconfirming our outlook of slightly north of $1.50 per share, excluding items impacting comparability. This quarter's performance reinforces that view.  We're confident for the following reasons: Our CPG proceeds have been deployed according to our plan. SG&A savings are on track. A zero overhead growth culture is taking root, and we're starting to lay out plans for fiscal year 2010. Our supply chain organization will deliver cost savings in excess of $250 million. We believe inflation will moderate in the back half of the year. Our pricing is in place, and we have already significantly course corrected to ensure we have effective merchandising programs in the market. We know our Commercial organization will deliver. We have key innovation that's gaining traction. More of the items will come forth, as Gary mentioned, on Banquet in terms of the renovation. You'll also see innovation in Q3 and Q4.  We have a 53rd week in fiscal year 2009.  That concludes our formal remarks. I want to thank you for your interest in Consumer Foods and wish you all a wonderful holiday season.  I'll now turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of our session. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Gary, big picture, can you really tell us that the situation is really starting to turn around? This November Nielsen data was quite encouraging, with it up 6.1%. I know it's only one month, but can you just give us your level of conviction here that takeaway trends can continue to look like this?
Gary Rodkin: David, certainly numbers are always going to bounce around a bit, but we feel very good that over time, starting with the November numbers, you're going to see better trends from us.  We've made some adjustments. We erred a bit on the side of more aggressive list pricing and have course correct in places where we've needed to, particularly on brands where we've got very high shares and happen to be good margin businesses as well. We've gone back and made sure that we have the right price and margin balance in place. That is certainly one key piece.  Another is the fact that in the Frozen segment, as we talked last quarter, there's been some tough deep discounting from one of our key competitors. We've made some quite measured responses to that. We're hoping that rationality will return, but we're planning cautiously for that. But those kinds of adjustments that I just talked about clearly are trends that I think we'll see continue in the back half. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: What volume growth do you expect in the back half in Consumer Foods? 
Gary Rodkin: We are still staying with a pretty conservative plan. Our algorithm stays in place. I wouldn't want to step out on a limb in terms of getting too aggressive on the volume and net sales mix, but I would tell you that we're comfortable that we'll see improving trends.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: What share count do you expect by the end of the year?
Chris Klinefelter: I think we put it in the Q&A. Where we ended the quarter was roughly 450, and then the share repurchase arrangement that we have has got some open items that could be trued up in the back half where that number could come down. We'd rather have that firm before we give you a new number, but if you use something in the range of 450, you're not going to be too far off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  Can you help me with corporate expense, what level we should use for the second half?
Andr Hawaux: Well, I think, Ann, we're really happy. I don't actually want to quote a number, but we're really happy with the performance and, as I mentioned, the culture that's taking root here relative to really strong cost management. So I think you'll see a number that will be better than - well, I know that it will be better than last year's, but right now we feel very comfortable with where we are. We actually don't want to provide guidance on that particular line item for the back half of the year.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: And then secondly, there's been a lot of talk about retailers pushing back on pricing and Gary, you talked about you all have been very aggressive with pricing. Can you just give a little more detail on any adjustments you're making to pricing? Is it more in reaction to volume or in reaction to retailers pushing back?
Gary Rodkin: Ann, I think that clearly we're not deaf to the marketplace, that being consumers and customers. We are making smart adjustments, as I just referenced; we'll continue to do that. But we do need to keep in mind that costs are still greater than they were a year ago or two years ago. Inflation is clearly moderating, but it's not deflationary versus a year ago. We are also making some product line adjustments like re-engineering our Banquet line to make sure that we've got the prices and the margins in balance.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: And then have you all hedged a number of your commodity needs for the next couple quarters or can you give us an update on where you are with hedges?
Andr Hawaux: Last quarter I think I talked a little bit about this. So as we go through the year, I think we get closer to having obviously the year get closer to having our positions fully hedged. And again, it runs the gamut based on there's some items that we actually can't hedge as an organization, as you know. But again, I would talk to you about a range like I talked last quarter. We have some commodities right now for the full year that are in the 30% - 40% range, and we have some commodities that we have fully hedged for the balance of the year. So again, against our basket of things that we purchase, it's kind of in different places based on the commodity and based on what we can put hedges on for.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  Just looking at the segment data that you provided in the Q&A on Snacks and Store Brands, you called out obviously several of the Snack brands as being particularly strong. I'm just curious if you could give any comment on your Store Brand business and whether or not you're seeing any trade down.
Gary Rodkin: Sure. I can tell you Snacks is strong, particularly Orville Redenbacher, which is a brand that's very important to us and that we support strongly with marketing. But you also mentioned our Store Brands. In the Snacks business, we do have a very strong business in our Bars, you know, bars like granola bars, etc. And that is doing extremely well, as that category is.  And we're clearly seeing that strength as innovation plays out, but we're also seeing strength in other parts of our private label business, like our potatoes at Lamb Weston. So we feel good that we've got a very good value proposition there. But it's also, as you said, on the branded side in Snacks as well. Another brand in particular is DAVID Seeds that are doing very well. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On potatoes, you did highlight that there are some higher-cost impacting your international JVs. Can you talk about your Lamb Weston business in light of higher potato costs, if you've been able to pass through pricing to Food Service, if that's part of what's driving that strong performance there and then if Food Service contracts in any way limit your ability to recover that pricing?
Rob Sharpe:  Let me basically say that the Lamb Weston business experienced inflation pretty much in line with what you saw in the Consumer business. They were very successful at managing that through pricing and through cost reductions in other areas, so net-net, they've covered it. Clearly, as you price Food Service contracts, it does affect some of the timing and obviously, in a number of the contracts, it reflects your ability to immediately price through. But we consider all that when we're kind of making these long-term commitments and we consider also our purchase contracts with growers that are going to help us manage those costs. On the international venture side, the issue there is really a flood of low-cost potatoes in the spot market. That business didn't make a lot of money in the first half. Sequentially, it's going to make very decent money in the third quarter, although it's up against a very tough lap from last year's third quarter, which was a record quarter, so on a lap basis you'll see some shortfall in the third quarter. But the fourth quarter that lap will turn around and you'll see a pretty good positive contribution.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  First, you're obviously calling out and talking about over delivery on the cost savings side. I want to get a sense how do you gauge if you are pushing too hard on that front? Obviously, I'm thinking of a year ago and what have you, when you pushed too hard on the supply chain and felt some of the pain associated with that.
Andr Hawaux: Let me try to tackle that because one of the things that we're very optimistic on is how we've looked at our cost savings. So if you take a look at our total cost structure, we are still making investments and I'd say the two primaries, one of which you hit on already. So in supply chain, we're making cost investments there. And the other area is in terms of the research quality and innovation platforms that we're doing.  So we're actually putting money into those areas and those respective cost centers, if you will, and where we're providing the fuel in that area is more what I call the back office and some of the other costs in our cost structure. So we're not taking our focus off quality. We're putting quality first, and innovation is right quickly right behind there in terms of what you will see from us in the marketplace. So it is very much a balanced approach.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then it's interesting that when you talk about all the pricing that you've taken and then kind of course corrected a bit when you learned kind of what some of the elasticities are, in many ways you're no different than a lot of others, where it's kind of a real-time in-market test, right, in terms of the power of one's brands when we all see kind of how these brands react to the kind of pricing that the industry's really had to take over the last year or two.  Your conversation on these calls and around elasticity tend to be a little bit different than what we've heard maybe than some others, where you've got to make some tactical adjustments and things like that, and that can tend to play into what you hear often about where your brands may stand versus the power of other brands and things like that.  I curious if you could just talk about your learnings on that and maybe why I shouldn't take away from some of the comments you've made around having to course correct that your brands aren't less well positioned than others or in categories that are less compelling than others. Are there things you've learned in this process that actually help you get more comfortable with that, or should I just take a look at the course corrections that were needed and make the assumption that well, you know, maybe what folks sort of talk about over time is right?
Gary Rodkin: Well, I would tell you, Andrew, that you know we were a little bit late to the pricing game, so it was concentrated much more than many of our competitors, where it was spread out over a number of quarters. We took it in a couple of big slugs. That was probably a bit more difficult for us and required us to do a bit more course correcting. I'll also tell you that our biggest issue, I'd say, in net pricing was in the frozen category, where we led. And I don't want to go drag everybody through that story again, but we've seen some very irrational pricing from one of our competitors; hard to figure that out. We did not want to go all the way there because we believe the strength of our brands does not require us to get down to those levels, so our measured responses have worked quite well. We saw that come back to us in the latter part of the quarter.  And, more importantly, we fortunately had already begun a lot of work on a major transformation of our Frozen portfolio that I think is going to help negate some of the pricing pressures as we go forward. And you're going to see more of that probably at CAGNY and you'll see it in the marketplace at the end of the third quarter on our Frozen portfolio. That's where we've had the biggest pricing issues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I kind of want to follow up on Andrew's question a bit. I guess historically, you know, the previous management teams at ConAgra have been known to be very aggressive on promotion, and Gary, you've done an admirable job of trying to pull back on that. Maybe you've had to course correct a little bit because of irrational competition, but I'm kind of wondering how do you think your relationship with the retailers in your brands will play out as hedges roll off if we have some relief in input cost pressure?  Do you think the retailers come back to you and look for historical, whatever it was, 10 for $10 on Banquet and that kind of crazy stuff or have they kind of recognized that hey, this is a new ConAgra and we're not going to be the kind of let's say sales allowance bucket of choice out of the major players?
Gary Rodkin: Well, Eric, we have committed to more efficiencies in our trade spend and we continue to believe that that will be the case. We are certainly not opposed to smart merchandising, but we're looking at it in a very measured and balanced way, so there are products where we've got a significant market share position and good margins and we know what kind of price points it's going to take in this environment to get the job done. The retailers also very much appreciate the kind of value products, like a Banquet, where, frankly, we know that it's going to take a 10 for $10 pricing to be able to get there.  What we're doing is working backwards from that. So, as I said, on our Frozen transformation, Banquet is one piece of that. We're working backward to ensure that we can make good margins on Banquet at the kind of merchandising - pulsing the kind of merchandising price points that we need. And that will be in the marketplace at the end of Q3.  In other places where we've got private label as our primary competitor - let's say, in cooking spray, Pam - there we've got very good margins and we know the right balance between value and merchandising price points.  But I can assure you what you're not going to see is us going back to, let's say, 10 for $10 pricing on our core Healthy Choice and Marie Callender dinners. That kind of crazy pricing where we bought volume is not in our DNA any longer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Gary, just as you kind of do a little bit of quick and dirty math, as you look at your pricing that you guys reported for the quarter and basically look at the comparable period in Nielsen, it looks as though your pricing was negative to the tune of maybe 5% or so in alternate channels. Is that true and, if it is, were there particular brands that you went at especially hard there?
Gary Rodkin: Terry, I don't track with those numbers. I think what we've reported is what we're actually seeing, and clearly, those alternate channels that are not picked up in Nielsen, there's some different dynamics going on there. We in no way, shape or form took pricing down. It's clearly up across the board.
Andr Hawaux: Terry, let me just add to that. I won't get into anything channel specific or customer specific, but in the four-week ending November 23rd for us, which was the last quarter, the last period in the quarter that we're talking about, every single spread was positive between unit growth in those other channels and our pricing, and in many cases it was significant, as much if not more than what we saw in IRI or what you're looking at in Nielsen.  So no, that was not the case.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: For the four weeks?
Andr Hawaux: For the four weeks, and I think the same is true of the 12-week period as well, but I thought your question at first referenced your most recent Nielsen that you had looked at. But it's true in both cases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I had a question about the marked-to-market loss in the quarter, which obviously we're all going to be excluding - and I guess I could have gotten on the call; I could have asked that for General Mills, too - but my question is: Is the statement saying that you have some hedges some place that are underwater right now, but it also means that commodity costs are going to be lower in the future, so you probably get some margin expansion as a result of that?  But I guess you only have that margin expansion if you're able to maintain price and not have to discount it away, so I guess my question is: Are there any commodities there that relate to highly commoditized categories, like margarine or bottled oils, where pricing is tied to the commodity and it's going to be very, very hard to maintain price in those categories so that you could be experiencing some price erosion or are those commodities related to kind of typical categories where pricing tends to be rather sticky? 
Andr Hawaux:  I think I get your question, although you were breaking up somewhat. That's absolutely the only place where we have that dynamic going on right now is Wesson Oil. And we have, as Gary mentioned, sequentially as we move out of the higher-priced oil that we have and go into lower- priced oil, you will see the sequential profitability of that brand get better. We have it built into our plans to actually work through the oil that we have all through the balance of the year. So it's embedded in our algorithm for the balance of the year, but that point you make is very valid for one brand for us and that's Wesson.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And much of the marked-to-market loss is related to vegetable oil in and of itself?
Andr Hawaux: For the quarter specifically?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Yes.
Chris Klinefelter: We're really not in the habit of disclosing the marked-to-market by specific commodity. If there's something that's material, as we go forward we'll help you understand it in that context, but we're not really going to break down the $48 million in terms of oil or gas, what have you. We're going to leave it at the consolidated level. We need to be consistent on the disclosures.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I wonder if I could follow up a bit on Rob's question and ask in relation to Wesson and Banquet, which were two brands you called out as a bit more challenging in the quarter, just how much of your underlying profit weakness in the business was related to Wesson and Banquet? Could you give us rough numbers around that?
Chris Klinefelter:  It's roughly two-thirds and one-third. I mean, if you break down the Banquet and Wesson. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: What I'm trying to figure out is how much that hurt overall Consumer Foods. You're saying twothirds of it was Wesson?
Chris Klinefelter: No, no, no, I'm sorry. I thought you were talking about just how did Banquet and Wesson break down among that subset. I thought that's what you were asking.
Gary Rodkin: I would tell you that there's a lot of puts and takes. We have a huge portfolio. Those clearly were some of the bigger pieces that were the down elevators, but we've got, as everybody does, some ups and downs. I'd also tell you that we feel very good that we've got fixes in place for both. That high-cost inventory, we continue to work it off on Wesson. That's built into our numbers. That'll bleed out across the rest of the year. And on Banquet, that re-engineered line will be in place at the end of Q3. So both of those significant issues for us have fixes in place.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then I wonder if you could just - I don't know if you have this kind of composite number for your Consumer Foods business, but can you say what private label market share was up in your categories or perhaps if you're seeing collectively private label prices coming down in your categories of late?
Gary Rodkin: I'm not sure that I've got those numbers at our fingertips because there's a bunch of different categories. Clearly, private label is up and the real strength of our private label business is in the Bars business and Snacks and in the potatoes on the Lamb Weston side. But it really varies by category.  But no, we're not seeing tremendous pricing volatility there.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then my last one - and perhaps I missed this - but have you confirmed a cost inflation figure or percentage for the year then? I know what it was for the quarter, but what are we looking at for the year now?
Andr Hawaux: Well, remember, Chris, we had about 15% in Q1. We have about 12% in Q2. I think we're going to see as this runs out probably, I would say, low double digits is what we're actually calling for the year. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Did I hear that you're hedging, then? It sounds like it runs the gamut, but is it like around half of your costs are hedged? Is that right? 
Andr Hawaux: It's going to depend, again, commodity by commodity. Balance of the year, we have some positions where we've got coverage on and we've got some that are less than at 100% and some that are items that we can't hedge. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: You couldn't say just 50% or some number like that? 
Andr Hawaux: No, I wouldn't want to get that specific.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS Investment Research.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research:  In categories where private label is your top competitor, I'm wondering, have you gotten any sense of the retailers' plans for pricing and promoting retailer brands in early 2009? I suppose this is a bit of a follow up with a focus on prices potentially coming down in the early calendar '09 period.
Gary Rodkin: Clearly, there's a focus from the retailer on private label. And their percentage costs or pricing went up a bit faster than branded did, and it will probably go a bit the other way as well.  But, again, that's some of the places, the key places, where we've been making adjustments as we look forward in terms of what our cost of goods are going to be to make sure that we've got the right price gapping in place. You know, it's really not a surprise, this phenomenon of private label doing well in this tough economic environment. Again, we've seen some strength in some of our pieces of the private label business. And on the branded side, more importantly, we are staying very close to the price gap management and course correct to make sure we've got that right balance in place.  So it's clearly on our radar screen and we feel good that we're in a better position now, with our granular look, than we historically have been.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research: And do you feel like prices will come down in the first calendar quarter of '09 for many of your categories, in particular, the private label competitor, or do you feel like the timing of that might be more similar to what it feels like many of the branded competitors have in terms of cost structures, which might be more closer to mid-2009?
Gary Rodkin: That's really hard to forecast. We'll stay close to it, but again, let's remember, cost of goods versus year ago is still greater. So yes, we're seeing some sequential decreases as the quarters progress, but still, the water level has risen. That's the same for private label competitors as well. 
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research: Are you seeing retailers increasingly rationalizing SKUs and, if so, have you seen any impact from this where you might have brands that are ranked third or lower in a category? Is this a factor at all?
Gary Rodkin: We've seen a little bit of that, but not dramatically. We've also seen some rationalization on the manufacturers side. One example might be in our pudding category, with Kraft exiting the shelf stable pudding where we've got the number one market share with Snack Pack.  And we are proactive in SKU rationalization because we recognize the pressures that the retailers are under and we want to be smarter about is. So a good example would be the frozen transformation that I've talked about. Clearly, SKU rationalization is a part of that and that is part of what has given us such strong customer reaction, positive reaction, to programs like that, that we're being proactive in that regard. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Gary, two questions here. The first one is - it's just a general question - I do find one of the most popular questions out there from so many folks is this general issue of increasing commodity costs or decreasing commodity costs and what actually is good for a branded food company like ConAgra? It seems when commodity costs were going higher, everyone was quite paranoid that we couldn't get pricing. Now that commodity costs are going down, now everyone's terrified that prices aren't going to be able to be maintained and we're going to lose pricing to private label. Can you kind of boil this down, because we know what happened in the rising commodity cost environment - ConAgra had a tough time. In the declining commodity cost environment which we appear to be headed into, is this flat out good news or are you more cautionary than my statement?
Gary Rodkin: No, I think it is good news. In a perfect world we wouldn't have to spend so much time talking about things like hedging. That clearly has been a fairly challenging ride for all of us, certainly ConAgra included in terms of being able to respond in such a volatile market. But anytime that there's less need to take the prices up is a good thing, so I welcome this environment and I think we're going to have the right balance in place. I think we're looking forward to the environment.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research:  The second question is about the Enabler brands. I see in the quarter they were fairly strong, with sales up 11%, but profits were down modestly. Number one, can you just talk about that Enabler portfolio itself? Again, there's been a great deal of concern about that segment of the portfolio in particular, basically from day one of when you took over, and yet, to my memory, that group has actually done reasonably well. But can you give us your characterization as to where it is today and your outlook for it?
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I could probably sum it up in one word - Wesson. It's really a tale of two cities. If you took the Wesson issue which, as I've said, is really we got upside down - and this is a big brand for us, so there's heavy weighting on this - we got upside down on input costs. We were long on high-priced oil. We got in it closer to the peak than I wish we had. Our pricing was too aggressive, and we've had to course correct. But that issue is still with us. As we work through that inventory, it gets better and better as the year goes on, but that really is what impacts, which takes the leverage away from the good top line performance in Enablers. Virtually every other brand there is doing well because they are strong value brands. And we've also got some really good regional stars in there; a brand like a Rosarita or a Wolf Chili is clearly a strong, strong player. So the rest of our Enabler portfolio is doing well. Everything is colored a bit by our continuing but sequentially improving issue on Wesson Oil.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. This concludes our conference call and, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. As always, we're available for discussions. Happy holidays and thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-09-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin - Chief Executive Officer Andr Hawaux  Chief Financial Officer Rob Sharpe - President of Commercial, EVP of External Affairs Chris Klinefelter  Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Ann Gurkin  Davenport Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities
Operator: Welcome to the ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods.
Gary Rodkin: Im here with Andr Hawaux our CFO, Rob Sharpe, who has also recently added the title of President of our Commercial segment to existing duties of EVP of External Affairs, and Chris Klinefelter the VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes Andr and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspect of the quarter but before we get started Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: During today's remarks we will make some forward looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve, so if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found on our website at http://Investor.ConAgraFoods.com under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now Ill turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: As our investors know it was a difficult quarter for us. While comparable EPS of $0.27 turned out to be a little better than we indicated in our pre-announcement a couple of weeks ago there are several shortfalls that have our focus. While we have a lot to talk about today on the quarter and the year I want to emphasize two things at the outset. First, the core top line performance of our brands is solid and second, we have a clear view on the full year outlook. I also want you to know that no one is more focused than me on eliminating the first quarter difficulties. We know what the issues were and were addressing them. Before discussing our business performance and outlook Ill spend just a minute on the pre-announcement. As you know the Lehman Brothers Back to School Conference falls right in the middle of our first quarter accounting close process each year. Because we only have preliminary closing numbers at that time it always creates a little bit of a challenge for us. The preliminary closing numbers available to us immediately prior to the conference indicated two things. One, product costs were higher than our latest estimates. Two, when taken in context with some recent market performance in the consumer segment this could adversely impact our year and also have caused us to finish a bit short of our guidance for the quarter. Attending the conference without a clear view of the impact on the year would have generated more speculation than we thought prudent. As a result, we felt we had no choice but to cancel our participation. At the same time, give investors directional insight into what we were seeing. Andr will elaborate further on this in a minute as well as address why its something that wont happen again. I do want to apologize to Andrew Lazar, [Jane Gelfin] and all the Lehman team who had to change plans because of our actions and I also apologize to the investors that we were supposed to meet with at the conference. Now Id like to move on to more substantive discussion about the underlying business trends. Consumer Food sales were good at 9% on a comparable basis and volumes were about flat on that same basis. At the same time significant inflation and adverse mix negatively impacted operating profit. That said it doesnt diminish my confidence that we can grow net sales in a way that preserves the vitality of our brands and over time will result in strong operating profit growth. We took substantial pricing last March and this was the first time weve seen the full quarterly impact of that pricing. In addition, we believe our volume this quarter was likely favorably impacted one to two points by some wholesale customers buying ahead of our August 24th price increases. Id say for the most part we were pleased with our top line performance except for Frozen where weve seen increasing promotion depth from our two biggest competitors. Given the dramatic inflation of input costs on our frozen portfolio in the last year our strategy has been to make sure that on average the inflation is covered by increases in net realized price together with supply chain savings.  Late in the quarter it became clear that our principle competitors are pursuing share very aggressively through deeper promotion. This activity hurt our Frozen business from a volume and mix standpoint particularly in the later part of Q1 and will continue to do so for part of Q2. Let me assure you that we have an effective game plan to combat the unacceptable share losses in this business. One of the brightest spots in our consumer top line performance this quarter was Healthy Choice Asian Steamers. These are restaurant quality Asian flavored dishes like Sweet Sesame Chicken that use the same steaming technology as our core Caf Steamers. According to IRI, Caf Steamers was the biggest new food or beverage product introduction during the first half of calendar 2008. Quite frankly they exceed anything else in the freezer case from a quality standpoint. Asian Steamers have an early run rate that indicates they may outpace the core Caf Steamers. Ill also mention Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers which are shipping as we speak. Theyre portable, shelf stable meals so you can take them to work and keep them at your desk, you dont need a refrigerator or freezer. Theyre easy to prepare in the microwave and best of all they taste great with products like Ziti with Meat Sauce and Sesame Teriyaki Chicken. The packaging and the in store displays for Fresh Mixers look fantastic. Theyll be in full national distribution soon and we expect that they will be another big hit. Moving from sales to profits, Consumer Foods profits were down about 6% versus last year on a comparable basis which is unacceptable. Early in the first quarter we saw a ramp up of inflation across a significant portion of our inventory. Overall inflation in Consumer Foods was $190 million or about 15% for the quarter. When we saw this inflation early in the quarter we immediately adjusted the price increases that we had already planned for late August. Given the nature of the customer lead times, those increases couldnt take effect until the very end of the quarter. We also saw big negative cost variances on Wesson Oil as we started our first quarter. We had priced Wesson aggressively to reflect this fact. Because Wessons price gap on the shelf ended up being greater than we expected it created a larger than expected volume hit which decreased our absorption and our operating profit this quarter. Weve lowered the price of Wesson to correspond with the rapid decline in vegetable oil costs. Wesson was our number one issue on Consumer Foods profitability. Banquet Frozen Dinners were also a big issue for us as inflation outstripped our ability to raise prices in the value segment. Were in the process of revamping the Banquet line to reflect the margin realities in this segment but keeping true to Banquets essence of providing so much for so little. For the quarter the inflation impact could not be offset by our prior price increases even though our cost saving efforts are significantly ahead of schedule with benefits for the quarter ahead of our expectations. Let me turn to some comments on volume, as I said our estimate is that one to two points of Consumers first quarter volume came from wholesalers buying ahead of the August price increases. That will likely take some volume from our second quarter. As I also said, due to competitive pressures well continue to see Frozen volume losses for part of the quarter. In addition, weve also eliminated some very unprofitable Wesson volume that we had in last years second quarter and in Pop Corn were making a fairly significant shift at some customers from Act II to Orville Redenbachers which is a great mix result but will also result in a bit of a volume hit. Net net we expect to see this to show up as management volume degradation for the rest of the fiscal year. We considered that in forming our outlook for the full year. We are intentionally making some trade offs on tonnage against better margins in some products. At the same time our merchandising and innovation plans for the rest of the fiscal year should drive mix improvement as the year progresses. Ill talk about that full year in a minute. Now let me turn to our Commercial Foods business which we used to call Food and Ingredients. This segment continues to do very well quarter after quarter, year after year. Sales were up well into double digits and profits showed a healthy rise. The Lamb Weston potato operations continue to find ways to grow with new and existing customers as well as delivering new efficiencies. Foot traffic in quick service restaurants has been fairly solid given the economic climate for consumers and French fries are as popular as ever. ConAgra Mills continues to improve sales and profits by being nimble in response to changes in wheat costs and by improving mix while focusing on cost control. They were impacted this quarter by short term pressures in key wheat markets but managed through it well on the back of strong operating effectiveness. In addition, our Gilroy business showed sales progress against a softer quarter last year. As youve heard us say before, while we forecast a good year we do not expect to see the same kind of dramatic profit growth from this segment in 2009 as we saw last year. This is largely due to the tough comparison we face in the third quarter resulting from last years opportunistic actions in a volatile wheat market that we dont expect to repeat. Before I turn it over to Andr I want to offer my perspective on the balance of the year. Given the difficult market conditions in the first quarter weve completed a total reassessment of the outlook for our Consumer business. Rather than simply making top down adjustments to our existing forecast Andr and I built a new outlook from the bottom up. During this process we looked at individual brands, we assessed current performance that build material and expected inflation. We analyzed existing and planned price levels in each brands committed trade programs. We considered our current and projected SG&A trends and supply chain savings performance both of which are quite good. We then brought this together and made appropriate adjustments to provide a real time balanced and granular outlook for the business. After this reassessment and adjusting for the reality of our first quarter were taking our full year earnings estimate to something slightly above $1.50 per share excluding comparability items.  There are several key factors that give me confidence in the quality of this outlook. First, our pricing is largely in place which mean the significant increases in March and further increases and adjustments last month were now at the right place in list price. Secondly, were implementing the right merchandising programs to drive better mix in our business. In a measured reaction to marketplace conditions were deploying a high return merchandising programs that will be done at the right depth to deliver more to the bottom line without compromising brand positioning. Youll also see tangible results have improved marketing effectiveness. Key an eye out for this for our comprehensive 360 degree marketing program on Fresh Mixers and the first broad based Banquet support in many years as very clear examples. Third, our key innovation is working, with a lot more on the way. Early reads on our recent introductions Healthy Choice Asian Steamers and Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers indicate both will be major wins. Youll see several more strong introductions in the back half of fiscal 09 with more in development for fiscal 10 and beyond. Fourth, our supply chain organization is clearly in a position to over deliver on its saving target for the year. Fifth, the rate of input cost inflation is moderating driven by declines in natural gas, wheat, corn, and edible oils. Notwithstanding likely pressure on some key input items like steel for our canning operations the aggregate quarter to quarter input cost increases should be at a slower rate. This is true even after considering the carried in hedge losses from the first quarter that will be applied to Consumer during the rest of the year. Its important to remember that a decrease in the cost of a commodity helps us on all of our purchases for that commodity not just the portion of need that we had covered with hedges. Sixth, our Commercial operations are continuing to perform very well. Lastly, the capital allocation process related to the trading group sale is now finalized. Andr will comment more on that in a moment. When I look at these key factors together with the relative stability in most of our portfolio I see a clear path to the earnings outlook weve provided. I continue to feel good about our future.
Andr Hawaux: I want to focus my comments in three principle areas, Q1 challenges and accomplishments, I want to discuss capital items for our first quarter and I want to touch on our full year 2009 outlook. As Gary mentioned we encountered some challenges in reconciling our input costs in Consumer Foods. We were neither challenged intellectually nor technically, it simply came down to time. As you know for the past year and a half weve been implementing SAP beginning with the general ledger and working through our entire supply chain. With each implementation cycle we add the new systems and processes at plants. However, were also adding functionality that has broader implications such as purchasing and treasury. These implementations have gone very well. Theyve been on time, on budget, with no significant interruptions to our business. Most importantly the system changes have been transparent to our external customers and suppliers. However, these projects require very keen focus on changed management and people learning lean processes. As we implement new functionality we expect that the organization will have some learning curve around the process changes related to these new capabilities. Q1 fiscal year 2009 was the first time we utilized certain functionality related to some technical inventory costing matters. While the software worked fine the analysis and the review of the results required more time because we were using new tools and processes. What we told you on September 2nd was our best information at the time. We would have preferred to fully complete our close before announcing anything but our scheduled participation in the Lehman Brothers Back to School Conference made that impossible. Ultimately as we completed our close process we found that some of our early reads on the product costs require adjusting. Net net what happened? We were early in our close process, we were using new systems, our preliminary costs were higher than our latest estimates and we needed time to reconcile. Time we simply did not have before going to the conference. Were disappointed this happened however the software worked properly, the close process and controls worked properly and we identified several process improvements that will reduce our cycle time as we move forward. I want to be very clear with our investors; this will not be an issue going forward. Our SAP journey continues, it continues to provide us more granularity into our cost and margin and improves the way we do things. Were bringing another four plants live later this month and the remaining releases we have scheduled this year will add another eight plants. This will bring the total to 17 plants live on SAP by the end of fiscal year 2009, which represents about half of our consumer supply chain network. Turning to some accomplishments in the quarter, we completed the sale of the CTG Group on June 23, 2008. We received proceeds of approximately $2.8 billion net of transaction costs and subject to post closing adjustments which included before tax proceeds of $2.3 billion in cash and $550 million in face value of pick notes. We immediately deployed the proceeds in the following way, $900 million share repurchase via an accelerated share repurchase, and approximately 38.4 million shares were acquired during the quarter. We paid down commercial paper balances of $1.1 billion and we reduced our long term debt by $40 million. Other notable accomplishments in the quarter were our supply chain savings were in the neighborhood of $70 million this quarter which gives us confidence that were on track to over deliver on our $225 million target for the year. On the SG&A front we continue to make progress and believe we will deliver cost savings in excess of $25 million for fiscal year 2009. With respect to capital items our interest expense was $50 million this year versus $55 million a year ago driven by interest income on our pick notes. Dividends paid during the quarter totaled $92 million versus $89 million last year due to an increase in our dividend during the second quarter last year. For the quarter our CapEx was $106 million. We are on track to deliver our full year CapEx of $475 million. Were on track with respect to our working capital targets which call for us to be at least cash neutral for the year. We had a slight year over year increase driven by inventory due to inflation and receivables due to our top line sales increases. Despite this higher balance our cash conversion cycle did improve over the quarter. We saw positive trends versus our year end working capital balances driven by the tax payable related to our trading group divestiture. As you can see from our balance sheet our current installment of long term debt has increased by roughly $300 million year over year. This is not new debt but rather a reclassification because of the put option on our 2027 bonds has an exercise period that falls within the next 12 months. Our tax rate was 38% for the quarter slightly higher than expected versus our ongoing rate of 35% excluding items impacting comparability. This was exclusively due to higher effective rates on the gain of sale of the [inaudible] business as well as our restructuring costs. With respect to hedging activities I believe our release today and our pre-release described clearly where we have moved to in this area. Weve also included an example of the new approach in our Q&A document that accompanies the release. It is question number 17. There are a few important points I want to make on the topic. The hedge gains and losses called out as items impacting comparability are only temporarily in corporate expenses. The hedge amounts are reclassified to the segments costs of sales at the same time the underlying commodity impacts our cost. A hedge loss flows back into our segment earnings which is offset by lower than planned input costs and the opposite is true when we have a hedge gain, it will be offset by higher than planned input costs. Thus the net results of our hedged input costs are reflected in our base earning. To be clear, this is really just about timing, meaning when it goes into the earnings base not if it goes into the earnings base. I also know many of you have questions on what our hedge gains or losses were in the first quarter fiscal year 2008. Our total ConAgra we had a gain of $4.6 million last fiscal year first quarter. Consumer had $3.5 million of that gain and the commercial segment had $1.1 million of that gain. I want to close with comments about our full year 2009 outlook. As Gary mentioned we have undertaken a full bottoms up review which gives us a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver EPS slightly above $1.50. This confidence is driven by several factors. One, our CTG proceeds have been deployed according to plan. Our SG&A savings are on track. Were confident that our supply chain organization will over deliver on their savings target. Our pricing plan is in place and where appropriate were putting in place merchandising programs to drive better mix. We expect the rave input inflation to moderate as the year continues. We have a 53rd week and the icing on top is our innovation agenda which is working hard with a lot more on the way. With that in place we are confident in our ability to deliver our new guidance. That concludes our formal remarks I want to thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. With that I will turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Certainly I wish I wanted to spend my time talking about the Consumer Foods improvements and revenues but I just want to go back to the key parts of your initial opening comments. The appearance from the outside is that ConAgra does not have control over its business as that September 2nd press really was very inaccurate. How often does management get financial updates and why did this cost error only creep up on you at the end of August. What can you say to address some of these concerns?
Gary Rodkin: Lets talk about the first part of that, which I believe how often does management get information on the business. I would say that depending on the nature of that information it runs the gamut from daily updates on our volume performance to weekly updates on things such as share, customer performance, etc. We close the books every period and we go through an extensive period review with senior management around all of our components of our business. We have what we call a balance score card that starts with the top line and how we perform brand by brand all the way to what innovation is doing for us, how were spending our A&P dollars to how were spending our G&A. The processes are very thorough and complete. Let me be clear on what happened in the quarter and what you saw transpire before all of you is what I would probably call live TV. We had to go to a conference; we were in the midst of our close, as I said.  Our close process has preliminary numbers and then all of our folks go through and exercise that where we reconcile our trial balances we reconcile our sub systems. We were in the process of doing that and we were operating with a brand new system in SAP and were operating with four legacy cost systems. The first core is also the most intricate relative to cost accounting because you revalue your standards from the previous year to your new year.  There is different functionality in our systems both in SAP and the other systems it just took us a long time to reconcile. Had we not had to go to that Conference nobody would have seen us go through this process and we would have been fine as we turned out. Our apologies to the folks that we had to disappoint through that process but there is nothing inherent in how we run our business that lacks control or that seems that we dont know what were doing.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: The question is really all about the commodity costs and the next most frequent question Im getting is really what your confidence level is on your commodity cost forecast, whats the level of hedging that you have. This is something that I think in the fourth quarter the commodities were above your forecast now again in the first quarter its happened again. What can you say to us about this situation how can you get it under maybe a bit better control?
Andr Hawaux: Youve asked this question a lot and Ive historically evaded your questions so let me try to answer it as best as I can. One is I think the challenge has been the actual volatility that weve seen in commodity markets that we are probably not the only ones that have seen that. In the first quarter our inflation in the consumer space was about 15%. We see that moderating for the back half of the year and right now our total inflation call for the year is approximately between 11% and 12%. I think we have a pretty good handle on that but the markets moved up fairly significantly. Let me answer your question on hedging which historically Ive not talked about. I think theres a way for me to get the listeners understand how we think about hedging. One is you have to understand what our total buy is on the Consumer side which is roughly about $4.8 billion. We cannot hedge every single bit of those commodities so right now wed say about 60% to 70% of that buy can actually be hedged.  Our coverage positions differ very much by commodity and today we are covered on some commodities for fiscal year 09 up to a point of about 80%. With some commodities we are covered at about 20% thats kind of the range. A lot of that depends on our procurement specialist determining where they believe the markets are going and what positions they need to take to protect our plan and RPNL.  Thats kind of the way we think about it without getting into specific coverage positions by commodity that we have. Id say depending on the commodity were covered anywhere between 80% down to a low of 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin  Davenport.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: I wanted to start with respect to spending to support your brands are you changing how you spend to support brands either the amount youre spending or the target say against the healthy trend if you can comment on that. Secondly, do you think you can get this Consumer Foods business back to mid teens operating margin is that still a doable target over the next several years or can you comment on that as well.
Gary Rodkin: I would tell you that we certainly are making some adjustments in how we spend our dollars. We are spending more dollars than a year ago but we are adjusting to the realities of the marketplace. You will see us spend a bit more in what we call value positioning. I think the best example of that youll see, I believe, starting next week the first comprehensive marketing support against one of our very biggest brands Banquet. That clearly is going to talk about the tagline so much for so little.  Youre going to see more of our dollars go straight to our customer marketing so in store marketing at our key accounts. Were working and we clearly are spending more money on our key brands particularly in the healthy space, Healthy Choice. The Healthy Choice Asian Steamers is being supported strongly as well as our new introduction thats just hitting the shelves, Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers which goes into the shelf stable aisle and is going to be a very big win. Youll start to see the support on that in about a month or so. We are making some adjustments, were also accelerating in some cases our innovation particularly in some our strongest brands like Healthy Choice, Marie Callender, etc. I think your second question went to margins and we are continuing to say that over time we will continue to close that gap with the pure group.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: If we think about the $190 million in costs increases that you spoke of in the quarter looking at the benefit that fully 9% pricing would have given you it would seem like would go a long way to covering if not more than covering those cost increases. Im trying to get a sense of the significant gross margin degradation and just trying to reconcile those two.
Gary Rodkin: The best way to think about it is in many of our brands had very good profit performance. The issue was really isolated to two businesses, two big businesses, Wesson Oil where we got upside down on our cost in pricing and on Banquet which is a big value segment where the inflation just was too great for us to price big enough and fast enough. We are making big adjustments in both of those but if we were just even to a year ago on those two businesses in terms of operating profit we would have been at almost 10% for Consumer Foods. It really was isolated. It was not across the board.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Youve talked about over delivering on productivity for the year still expecting a manageable trade off with respect to volume versus I know what you talked about as being also very conservative assumptions last quarter on that front. It seemed like some of that is actually more positive rather than negative. I want to make sure I understand the driving force around the full year earnings revision so that Im totally clear on that.
Gary Rodkin: Ill just reiterate that the Frozen competitive situation is probably the single biggest issue. We saw a dramatic acceleration of price discounting at the end of Q1 and continuing into Q2. We had priced what we believed to be very responsibly and expected a rational market. That has not happened; obviously we need to do some course correcting. It is not all going to be in the form of price discounting but we do need to in a measured way get more competitive. Were also accelerating some investment in our Frozen business. I would say thats the number one factor along with the significant increase in inflation thats hit us again in the biggest place in Wesson Oil.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research: Just a few points of clarification, first on Banquet, Im a little bit confused on exactly where you saw the cost inflation is that a function of the mix of the chicken in that box or was it more cooking and oil related?
Gary Rodkin: There were many elements of inflation on Banquet. Thats a value segment and weve always had pretty attractive price points so that transition with a significant amount of inflation whether it was protein, wheat on our pasta, oil on our chicken products, it was much bigger than we had anticipated. We are making significant adjustments in our product mix in the way we market that product. We will start to see benefits of that in Q2. It really was significant inflation on a brand thats always been marketed as a value brand.
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research: It probably wasnt on the chicken side given the deflation we saw during the quarter.
Andr Hawaux: It was largely the number one commodity was probably oil that affected that franchise, number two was probably pasta with wheat and third was in fact some of the proteins did also rise.
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research: In terms of Frozen, weve seen the retailers really start to focus a lot on prepared foods and Im wondering how much of that competitive activity might be a function of the sector really trying to take a more defensive stance relative to that shift. It seems like consumers are really drawn toward a fresher product similar to the Steamer type product that you guys have come out with.  It seems like its really put a big strain on the industry Im wondering is that whats happening thats creating this environment that youre competitors are reacting to and therefore changing maybe the long term focus of that sector and will that precipitate your change in focus?
Gary Rodkin: No, thats absolutely not the case. Every indicator we have from both customers and consumers is that Frozen is an extremely vibrant category, a growth category and whats really happened is pricing dynamics in terms of market share. One key competitor never moved off of the old merchandising price points and the other key competitor after losing a good bit of share finally overreacted with some what I would call nuclear pricing. Weve gotten into the old fashioned merchandising price war. Its very unfortunate; we hope and expect that rationality will return to that segment because thats not a good way to manage that business. Innovation is what drives that category and we believe that were taking a measured response but really the driver is going to be innovation, its a very, very vibrant category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: As a follow up to the Frozen issue because I know thats such an important business for you. In terms of your outlook for the full year youre obviously expecting a lot in the second half. What kind of assumption are you making that those two big players, I assume youre referring to Nestle and Heinz, what kind of assumption are you making that they become a bit more rational. Was there some kind of negative manufacturing situation where you were kind of planning on more Healthy Choice but in fact the consumer kind of went towards the more value oriented product and you actually had to ramp up on Banquet instead?
Gary Rodkin: Clearly Banquet will do well in an environment like this and we are fixing Banquet as Banquet in terms of its margin structure. Thats not really the case; its not really the same consumer that buys in that premium segment. Brands like Healthy Choice dont really cross over much to Banquet. Id say we believe that as in many instances and in many categories that after everybody steps back and takes a deep breath rationality will return. We believe this is a short term issue and that medium term the category will return to being driven by innovation.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: If you could mention the situation with the Peter Pan and how that business is doing and then the equity affiliates line its not an area that we normally focus on but it was much lower than I had expected and maybe some view on the outlook there is that going to be a tough year for you on that line item?
Gary Rodkin: First on Peter Pan, were very pleased with the business, it is rebounding almost back to where it was from a market share standpoint and the profitability is returning as well.
Andr Hawaux: The issued we had there really is all attributable to joint venture Lamb Weston Meyer which is our specialty potato joint venture in Europe they had a very tough first quarter related to both inflation on that side as well as pricing in the marketplace. Robs on the call as well Id say that I think probably for the full year that joint venture year on year it had record profits last year just to put that into perspective and crop years and crop cycles tend to go every other year in Europe.  We see ourselves with some inflation issues and with the crop where it is I think were going to have a struggle with pricing. Well still have good results there I dont know that theyll equate to the record year we had last year.
Rob Sharpe: In that business the dynamics in the sourcing of potatoes in Europe are just different than they are here. If you get into a time period where there are lots of cheap potatoes you have a lot of small competitors who will take advantage of that and force prices down in the marketplace. There will be some continuing impact of that in this quarter we expect but for Q3 and Q4 well be back on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: On the volume front I guess you guys changed some of the reporting there but do we have a number for what the domestic Consumer Foods business would have looked like volume wise x the International?
Gary Rodkin: Were now reporting that segment as you see it. I dont know that we have the International as a separate volume today.
Andr Hawaux: I dont have that, we could follow up with you after the call we could break that out. If memory serves me right Canada was relatively flat year on year volumetrically. I think Mexico we were up a little bit but I dont have those numbers at my disposal because of the way we now collapse those. Well get that back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Can I understand the opening comments again, are you guys saying that the profit warning for first quarter that you thought was going to result because your input costs were higher than you thought and then a couple weeks later you realized that your input costs really werent that high and therefore it really wasnt a profit warning for first quarter is that correct?
Andr Hawaux: I think thats fair, what we saw in our preliminary cost reads through our cost accounting systems was very different then our estimates and absent the time to be able to go back and reconcile and find the issues through the four legacy systems and the new SAP system we believe that our costs were out of line versus our estimate.  It turned out had we been able to go through a normal close like we normally do without having to get all the external attention we would have found out that we were essentially pretty much on track x the two things that Gary has called out relative to Frozen and Wesson which did impact our quarter.
Gary Rodkin: Those two issues had nothing to do with our call. That was purely an early pre-reconciliation call that we had to make because we were going to the conference.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: On Banquet have you seen competition increase from the mid tier or upper tier players and product lines bring merchandise price points down closer to where you get to Banquet or has it really been the value oriented lines where competition got even steeper? Was it coming from like for like or coming from above is what Im asking.
Gary Rodkin: Its hard to say exactly. Theres probably some wind when some of the price points get so deep like they did late in the first quarter theres probably some impact from that. Then you also have the traditional value competitors that have basically kept their price points. I would tell you that Banquet volume was good. Its just that weve got to get our margin structure more in line given the intensity of inflation. That is what were working on and we will have some significant changes as we move into the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities.
Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities: I wanted to take advantage really quickly of having a potato expert on the call. If you look at the PPI for russet potatoes its up quite a bit. I think in May a 23% increase year over year, June very high number around 90%. Is it safe to say that that is not impacting ConAgra to nearly that extent?
Rob Sharpe: I think the best way to think about it and the way we look at it is pretty similar to our Consumer Business is at the core youve got to either price or drive more volume or find cost saves to get by inflation. When we look at the overall inflation for our commercial businesses, Im going to put ConAgra Mills aside for a second, were calling the year in the double digit range but its not going to be as severe as Consumer saw in the first quarter. At the core there is potato inflation, I think all our customers understand it, and weve been pretty successful in pricing accordingly.
Gary Rodkin: I would just amplify that Lamb Weston probably does as good a job in terms of managing their costs and their revenue as any operating unit that Ive seen in any company that Ive been in. Theyve got a very, very strong operating system and give us great confidence that well have another great year at Lamb.
Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities: Any update, I think a quarter or two ago you mentioned, a couple categories where private label is your primary competition their pricing had been lagging, is that improved a little bit in those categories?
Gary Rodkin: Absolutely, we have to respond to the marketplace and we have course corrected. A couple of examples would be brands like Pam and Egg Beaters, Reddi-Wip where our primary competition is private label. There we have prudently closed the price gap and we are starting to see the benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Back on the volume question if you look at Nielsen numbers granted they have limited utility but they show volume for a period roughly corresponding to the quarter roughly about down 6% indicating youre making a good deal of that in unmeasured channels. Can you give us an idea whats working there volume wise in those unmeasured channels?
Gary Rodkin: Your numbers are pretty accurate. Clearly we see a shift, the biggest up side for us is club where I would say a bit underdeveloped. We are really starting to accelerate our progress there plus weve got a good strong partnership with Wal-Mart. We are seeing consumers move out of traditional grocery to some degree its still a very important segment for us but our club and our mass business like a Target is very, very strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: You expressed a lot of confidence that the first quarter issue in terms of timing of closing the books and the Back to School Conference was behind you and this was not going to be an issue going forward. At the same time you then went on to say I think four more plants coming live on SAP I think it was this month or this quarter and eight by the end of the fiscal year. Needless to say this is a company thats had its share of execution issues and implementing SAP and bringing plants online. Could you comment on your overall degree of confidence that the wiring in Garys words in the past is in place to make sure that we dont have similar types of shortfalls and disappointments over the coming quarters?
Andr Hawaux: I am very, very confident, this was not, and I apologize for not being clear to listeners. This was not an SAP issue, this was a timing issue. Had we had time, anywhere between another day or two days to properly reconcile our systems like we do in every close nobody would have seen us go through this process. We went through it fairly publicly because we had to go to this conference. Ive got all the confidence in the world that SAP is doing what we said it was going to do. Again, Q1 was slightly trickier because of the reval issues that you have in your systems but we brought nine plants up to date and have not had any issues. What also gives me confidence is our service levels as a result of our new systems are very strong and our cost savings we continue to deliver our cost savings. Quite frankly it was not an issue with our systems it was really a timing issue that we had to play out our close in a public venue which we never ever do.
Gary Rodkin: We also learned, it was a very isolated issue that we have learned from and therefore it will not be repeated again. We now know a lot more than we did before. I would amplify Andrs issue it was purely timing. We would have, we did, and we figured it out a few days right after that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Can you make some comments on price elasticity that you expect from the latest price increases and second and also related to volumes the private label threat, last conference call you did mention that you were monitoring Pam and Reddi-Wip just to name two of them. Big picture, this is the question on how well this portfolio will do in the current environment, so again price elasticity in private label?
Gary Rodkin: Clearly we have built significant amount of elasticity into our outlook. We have also taken a number of measures to mitigate that. We have told you were going to make some intentional trade offs on tonnage where it just doesnt make sense for us to repeat on some programs or products that were too low margin particularly given the inflation weve gotten. We have course corrected on some of our products like a Pam, a Reddi-Wip and Egg Beaters and clearly on Wesson we have as well. Given all that, built into our outlook were still making very good profits on a go forward basis with all of that built in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Its a very difficult environment and lord knows you inherited a tough situation do you, given the consumer really is moving pretty noticeably away from home to in home do you think that the organization in terms of overall volume should be doing better or is it that you need to get out in front on more innovation across a greater percentage of the line to drive the business even with that tailwind at retail. How do you think about that?
Gary Rodkin: Thats a very good question, I think a lot about that issue. We all do here. I would tell you that when youve got this much inflation there are certain segments of our business that are very difficult to pass all of that increase on without making some significant changes. Banquet is a great example of that and thats where were being extremely aggressive in terms of our sense of urgency to really revamp and rebuild that business so that we can still live up to our mantra of so much for so little. That takes some effort but that will be in place in the later half of the year. You do need to make some course corrections as I talked about on some of the price gaps and understand that when you get in to a very difficult economic environment like this some of those value brands, cooking oil is a great example of it. We got ahead of our skis because the intensity of the inflation and when that absolute price gap gets too big it just drives people to private label. We recognize that but in the end its really about three things.  Focused selling, I believe were making great strides in store and Id ask you to take a look as our Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers get in store over the next month. Take a look at that as an example; its more effective marketing, more high impact marketing. Ill go back to watch and listen and look around you next week and example Banquet a brand that we have probably not advertised in decades youll see that.  Most importantly innovation, weve hit very big on our Asian Steamers as a follow up to our Caf Steamers on Healthy Choice. Our Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers is in very early stages but off to an excellent start and we have a significant amount of big innovation coming throughout the rest of this year as well as beyond. Those three elements are really what I believe will bend the trend ultimately on volume. Right now were doing whats right for the environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities: I wanted to ask a bit on the cash flow side, last year seemed to be an unusual year if my numbers are correct in terms of working capital build there was a pretty significant investment in working capital. Im wondering if you can provide us some guidance on what youre expecting to see cash flow wise this year is it going to be more like your fiscal year 2007 and what you intend to use your cash flow for in terms of share repurchases, acquisitions, basically your priorities?
Andr Hawaux: As you rightly pointed out 2008 was a challenging year relative to cash flow for a couple reasons. One is the volatility and the commodity inflation that we saw in a lot of our areas both on the Commercial side and the Consumer side with even the same kind of levels of inventory we saw significantly higher rates and therefore we had a lot of working capital that we put up on our books. I think well see that, what weve said is on the working capital side we see that as neutral to slightly positive meaning a source of cash for us. Ive talked about our CapEx being about $475 million which would be running slightly ahead of our depreciation numbers. Relative to what were going to use and deploy our excess cash for, I think were still evaluating that. As you know our Board approved $900 million in share repurchase. Weve actually exhausted that approval and have that in the marketplace today with our ASR. Weve paid down opportunistically $40 million of our long term debt and we did take out all our commercial paper balances after the CTG transaction closed. Right now were going through and evaluating what we would use our excess cash for. We have nothing thats at the top of the agenda right now; we dont have any share authorized approval. Well be talking to our Board about going forward. Right now were still in the phase where were evaluating where we would go with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I didnt quite hear you if you said whether your plan for Consumer marketing advertising increases this year, has anything changed there and what is your plan for how much more you intend to spend. I would imagine that being in front of consumers at a time of tougher macro economic conditions is going to be very important and in order for them to buy you in the grocery store theyve got to know that your brands are out there. Are you increasing or has anything changed?
Gary Rodkin: We are increasing our marketing investment. Clearly it is important to make sure that our brands are strong. You will see us on the plus side on our A&P spend.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: At double digit?
Gary Rodkin: Im not going to comment specifically on that detail.
Operator: There are no further questions, Mr. Klinefelter Ill had the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: This concludes our conference call. Just as a reminder this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. As always, we are available for discussions and we thank you for your interest in our company.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-06-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Rodkin  Chief Executive Officer Chris Klinefelter  Vice President, Investor Relations Andre Hawaux  Chief Financial Officer Rob Sharpe - President, Food and Ingredients, Executive Vice President, External Affairs
Analysts: Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citi Investments Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc. Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus [Tom Trucillo] - Banc of America Securities Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers David Driscoll - Citi Investments
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. This program is being recorded. My name is [John Daniels] and I will be your conference facilitator. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Gray Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin:  Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with Andrew Hawaux, our CFO, Rob Sharpe, who also recently added the title of President of our Food and Ingredients segment to his existing duties ad EVP of External Affairs, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. I'm proud of our team for the improved execution evidenced this quarter. In just a minute you'll understand why as I go through the results. I'll also emphasize why we're confident about next year, and Andre will go into some important details on financial matters. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter:  Good morning. During today's remarks we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve, so if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC that include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found on our website at Investor.ConAgraFoods.com under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. One important point I would like to make before I turn it back over to Gary. As you see in the release, our EPS for the fourth quarter is comprised of significant contributions from continuing operations as well as discontinued operations. During the quarter we reclassified our entire trading and merchandising operations and our Knott's Berry Farm brand into discontinued operations. Both of those items are now sold. For this quarter, we believe the appropriate comparison versus consensus is EPS excluding items impacting comparability from continuing operations and the discontinued operations combined. Our earlier guidance comments included contribution from operations reclassified into discontinued operations during the quarter. I'll offer that perspective so that no one is comparing fourth quarter consensus to just EPS from continuing operations.  Going forward, we will focus on continuing operations only as our guidance has been developed that way, as Andre will say more about in a few minutes. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. We just released sales growth of 15% and diluted EPS growth of 5% to deliver EPS of $0.41 for the fiscal fourth quarter. Excluding items impacting comparability as detailed in the release, EPS was $0.44.  Putting aside the over delivery from the discontinued trading and merchandising operations, the underlying performance was driven by continued growth in Food and Ingredients and marked a solid turnaround in Consumer Foods compared to recent quarters.  I'm pleased with this Consumer Foods performance, where profits showed good sequential improvement due to our pricing actions. We implemented pricing across 95% of the Consumer Foods portfolio, and this happened toward the end of March, about a third of the way through the quarter. That, of course, helped defray some of the intense input cost inflation we've been experiencing. Together with marketing driven success and demonstrated traction and innovation, this delivered improved trends. Consumer Foods sales were up 6% and operating profits flat as reported, and on a comparable basis, Consumer Foods sales were up 4% and operating profit down 5%.  Although comparable Consumer Foods profits declined 5%, it's a big sequential improvement and it needs to be considered in light of the fact that pricing was only in place for two months of the quarter. That gives us confidence as we enter fiscal '09, when we'll have the full quarterly impact in our comparisons. Overall pricing contributed 5% growth to the Consumer Foods top line in this quarter while volume dropped 1%. We have early signs that most consumers will pay more for our products if they're supported by the right marketing and the right product quality and that our insights-driven rapid innovation process is working. What I can tell you is that we are now much more aligned organizationally on the need to match input cost inflation with productivity and net pricing actions to ensure we deliver sustainable profitable growth consistently. We had a number of major brands perform well, including Chef Boyardee, Hebrew National, Hunt's, Orville Redenbacher, and Snack Pack. Overall, our shares were solid for many of our brands, but there are a few areas where we're focused on inroads by private label where they are our primary competition, like Pam cooking spray, Reddi-Wip, and Egg Beaters.  That's simply a fact of life in this environment, where there's more pressure on consumers to shop carefully. The best defense is to make sure your brands are strong with clear value propositions, and that the price gaps are managed intelligently. It's something we're paying very close attention and will course correct where necessary.  Growth in non-measured channels was much stronger than growth in measured channels as we see consumers continue to shift their shopping habits. The segment's overall sales growth reflects the pricing I just discussed as well as the benefit of some of the new products you've heard us discuss earlier this year, like Healthy Choice Caf Steamers, Orville Naturals, and Egg Beaters with yolk. We also continue to improve our marketing and sales efforts with a big focus on ROI, particularly our advertising and our in-store execution, improving effectiveness of our spend over time. This will help us to continue to grow as we look forward.  To cite one example, Hunt's tomato products delivered strong share and sales growth behind an effective marketing campaign, despite significant pricing.  As you see in the tables of the release, comparable sales for priority investment brands were up 4% as reported and up 2% on a comparable basis. We did sacrifice some volume, particularly in frozen, to get our net pricing to levels dictated by continuing inflation. Rebuilding our profitability through list pricing and trade spend reductions has cost us some short-term market share but we believe it is the right trade-off in the face of continuing input cost pressures. Moving from a feature price of two for $4 to two for $5 on brands like Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's takes some period of adjustment, even with strong marketing support. We believe this is the right long-term strategy and will allow us to continue our aggressive innovation plan.  We've begun the introduction of Healthy Choice Asian Steamers. This line of four authentic dishes, like Five Spice Beef and Vegetable, bring restaurant quality to the frozen case, unlike anything currently available. They should start appearing in stores over the next month or so.  Our enabler brands grew by 9%. We took significant pricing to cover dramatic increases in cost of goods like vegetable oil. Volume was down only 1% as value-oriented products held their own in the market. Obviously, I can't summarize this segment's quarterly results without a bit more on inflation. This segment experienced very high inflation, our toughest comparison yet, in the range of $150 million for the quarter, with inputs such as fats and oils, proteins, packaging and energy being up substantially. I should mention we did bring $60 million of supply chain cost savings to the P&L in Q4.  Looking forward, we're extremely excited about our innovation pipeline. Besides the Asian Steamers I just discussed, we have a number of other major launches across fiscal '09, some in frozen but in other categories as well. I'll get more specific as the year progresses.  All of our upcoming innovation is very convenient, tastes great, and much of it is health and wellness oriented. And it stays true to our mantra of fewer, but bigger and better ideas. Innovation is one of the ideas we're excited about top line opportunities going forward. As we've said before, our pipeline is very strong and building. Our challenge is in prioritizing our numerous innovation opportunities and executing them well as opposed to finding the opportunities.  One last point on innovation, some of you may have seen our announcement on a deal we struck with P&G. It's a 10year renewable license and capability agreement including nutrition, food and packaging technologies. We now have dedicated teams from both companies working to leverage and apply these new capabilities to our existing brands and innovation pipeline to create healthier, more convenient and more environmentally friendly products. This deal is an example of how we're thinking big and approaching our innovation with a true external bias. Before I leave the Consumer Foods segment and move on to other commentary, I'd like to offer a word or two on how our portfolio fits with the current economic environment. We often get questions and comments from analysts and investors about consumers trading down within food service and retail channels as well as across them, and what does this mean for our portfolio?  Our company is very well positioned for a value conscious consumer. Whether it's a brand like Banquet or Chef Boyardee or La Choy, that together annually sell over a billion meals for on average less than $1.50 at retail, or great snacking at home products like Orville Redenbacher's or Crunch 'n Munch as people cocoon in front of their TVs during the tougher economic times or basic cooking items like Hunt's tomato products or Wesson Oil as people eat meals at home more or Lamb Weston French Fries as people's away from home consumption turns to more quick-serve restaurants. And our basic value staples like Peter Pan Peanut Butter or Van Camp's Beans, Libby's canned meats and our regional chili products are all inexpensive sources of protein.  We have a very broad array of products that should do well in a tougher economic environment.  Besides value, people are looking for value add, particularly in terms of health and wellness. We're very well positioned here, with brands like Healthy Choice, Egg Beaters, Orville Redenbacher's Smart Pop, and even Hebrew National, the purest and best quality hot do on the market.  I believe we have the team, the processes, the brands and the innovation in place to perform very well in fiscal 2009. We've planned fiscal '09 using conservative volume assumptions for certain brands in Consumer Foods giving the pricing actions we're taking. Net-net, better marketing plus continued innovation plus pricing will drive strong overall sales and operating profit growth. And we believe that this segment's results next year should speak for themselves. Moving on to Food and Ingredients, this segment posted very strong sales and profits overall, continuing their trend so far this year. Lamb Weston continues to be exemplary in leveraging salad volume growth into good financial performance through operating efficiencies, pricing and mix. They're tightly aligned with key customers in growing segments and geographies, a combination that continues to give them fuel for growth. They're also delivering innovation customers want, at times in conjunction with Gilroy Foods and Flavors.  Our milling operations continue to perform well by improving mix through innovative products like Ultragrain, but most importantly by effectively dealing with input cost volatility. A big part of this is capitalizing on a structure that directly links procurement and sales. This gives them the nimbleness needed to help customers manage input cost risks in volatile markets and create demand that drives our efficiency. International Foods posted sales and profit growth on a comparable basis. Foreign currency exchange added several points of sales growth, as we indicated in the release. We've got several product categories in key markets that continue to do very well. Popcorn is one of the biggest; also canned pasta, tomatoes and snacks performed well. We'll continue to implement a strategy of focusing on high-impact markets for our products and finding SG&A efficiencies.  If you remember our discussion a quarter ago, we've made some decisions to refocus our efforts, participating in the markets with the highest ROI opportunities. This decision has a large payoff in terms of SG&A savings. The markets we're focusing on are primarily in the Americas as well as a growing presence in China and India.  Moving on to recent transactions, as you know we recently closed the sale of our trading and merchandising operations. We received $2.8 billion of pre-tax proceeds and will allocate the after-tax cash towards share repurchases and debt reduction. That transaction gives us higher-quality earning streams going forward and less volatility in our results, while making our ongoing cash flow more predictable. Andre will say more about this in a minute, but suffice to say that the EPS benefit from repurchasing shares, reducing debt and pick-note interest income has been built into our outlook this year. And last but not least, we've also retained some talent from that group to help with hedging and managing input costs.  We wouldn't have made this deal if we didn't have great confidence in our ability to grow sales and profits as a pure food company. This was an important transaction that further defined our company as a true operating company focused on food which we think will benefit our valuation over time. Before I move on, I'd like to say that the trading and merchandising team, led by Greg Heckman, contributed enormously to our success as a company. I thank them for their contributions over the years and wish them well under the new ownership, and I'm certain that they will continue their exemplary track record of success. And while we're on the topic of deals, we also sold Knott's Berry Farm Jams and Jellies and Preserves during the quarter. It was a fairly small transaction, $55 million of pre-tax cash. At the core of it, we're selling it to a company, Smucker's, that can give it more attention.  Occasionally we may make change to our portfolio but realize we don't have to. We're comfortable with our portfolio although we may tweak it occasionally depending on the opportunities that arise. Wrapping up, we've done a lot of very heavy lifting as a company, making things simpler and more effective, strengthening the innovation pipeline, changing the organization structure, refocusing the portfolio, significantly improving the marketing, supply chain and customer service functions, and very importantly, a mind-set of more aggressively recovering input cost increases. The division presidents in the Consumer Foods segment report directly to me now, a wiring change that continues to improve our speed and clarity. Our team and organizational wiring have never been stronger, and as you've heard us say before, the incentives are in place to align the entire ConAgra Foods team with shareholder value creation.  Our overall focus on operating excellence is making a pronounced impact on this company. The small restructuring charges you saw this quarter are evidence that we continue to be focused on ways to do things better. For all these reasons and more, we think we're at a point where the benefit of our hard work is showing clearly in the results of continuing operations and will continue to do so going forward.  Our team is very engaged with our commitments, with all of us focused on consumers, customers and operational excellence. Internally, we have a mantra for fiscal '09 - game on - which means we're now totally in the game, no excuses, particularly focused on the biggest part of our company, Consumer Foods, and its role in delivering our commitments to our investors.  Our team understands that we're accountable to our shareholders for untapping the earnings potential of this segment. We're committed to generating EPS in the range of $1.56 to $1.59 from continuing operations next year, excluding items impacting comparability. This outlook is based on allocating the trading and merchandising deal proceeds and a significantly improved Consumer Foods segment.  EPS in that range will result in a two-year CAGR for normalized EPS of at least 8%, which fits with our long-term goals.  I look forward to updating you on our progress through fiscal '09, and now I'll turn it over to Andre.
Andre Hawaux:  Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Gary has been very detailed in the opening remarks, so I will make on several points of emphasis for the quarter. I'll discuss capital items, and provide guidance on how you should look at fiscal year 2009. With respect to the quarter, we feel good delivering $0.44 of EPS excluding items impacting comparability. We accomplished a lot in the quarter, which we feel provides the building blocks for a very strong fiscal year 2009. Our accomplishments were:  We completed the sale of the trading group. This will help us focus on Consumer and Food and Ingredients businesses with no distractions. The proceeds will be used to buy back shares and pay down debt. Our cash flows going forward will be much more predictable. It will not have those working capital spikes you saw in fiscal year 2008.  Our Food and Ingredients business had another great quarter to close what was a wonderful year. In our Consumer business, we took significant pricing in the quarter and it showed.  I know some of you watch our IRI shares very closely, and while we lost two-tenths of a share point in IRI-measured channels for the 12 weeks ending 5/25/2008, which is the end of our quarter, this was driven by our pricing and merchandising actions. Our pricing and merchandising actions were an absolute must in order to rebuild margin, invest in our brands, and fight inflation. It's important to note that we had double-digit sales gains in our non-measured channels. Our supply chain delivered another $60 million in cost savings in the quarter and approximately $240 million for the full year. And as Gary mentioned, we've taken the necessary steps in Consumer, International and at Corporate to right-size our organization in order to deliver SG&A savings in fiscal year 2009 which will help deliver our algorithm.  Again, we believe the actions we have taken and delivered against in the fourth quarter bode well for a strong fiscal year 2009. Now with respect to capital items, our interest expense was $70 million for the quarter, higher than last year due to the need to finance working capital.  Capex was $128 million for the quarter, less than a year ago, strictly due to timing. For the full year, our Capex was $450 million, consistent with our previous guidance. Our dividends were $93 million, slightly above last year's amount due to an increase in our dividend. We repurchased approximately $100 million of our stock during this quarter, bringing fiscal year 2008 repurchases to $188 million.  As we mentioned in the release, we're planning on repurchasing another $900 million in the first half of fiscal 2009. Our tax rate for the quarter was 26%, significantly lower than our normalized rate due to a lower than normal state tax rate on continuing operations, the recording of benefit from the company's fiscal year 2007 state tax return provision true up, favorable audit settlements, and the filing of amended state tax returns. We identified this impact of a lower tax rate on our items impacting comparability.  Now let's turn to our outlook for fiscal year 2009. Looking forward to fiscal 2009, as you know from our guidance comments in the release, we are expecting diluted EPS, excluding items impacting comparability, in the range of $1.56 to $1.59. This is from continuing operations. We are not expecting any significant contribution from discontinued operations in that guidance, although I do want to point out that there will be some EPS from discontinued operations in the first quarter due to the timing of the closing of the trading and merchandising transaction. We ended fiscal year 2008 with earnings from continuing operations as reported of $1.06. There were some items impacting comparability for continuing operations throughout the year, but in aggregate they did not have a very significant impact. Going from this base to our projected fiscal 2009 EPS of $1.56 to $1.59 requires the following: It requires recovering a meaningful portion of the foregone earnings contributed by the trading and merchandising operations through capital allocation. To do this, we are buying approximately $1 billion of stock altogether, which includes the $100 million we bought this quarter, along with paying off significant commercial paper and receiving interest income from our pick-notes. Altogether, that gives us something in the neighborhood of $0.25 per diluted share on an annualized basis. And since we won't have completed all the capital allocation items until the end of the first half of fiscal 2009, we obviously won't get a full year's benefit from those items. The final amount will depend on how many shares we get, which depends on the price, and whether most of that falls in our fiscal first quarter or second quarter. Net-net, we will get a meaningful amount of earnings power recovered in the first half for a strong benefit in the second half. Most importantly, though, we expect to significantly improve the operating profit of the consumer food segment. We need to make up for the ground we lost in 2008 and then grow on top of that. Our recent and planned price increases, our innovation pipeline, the impact of more effective marketing, and our SG&A efficiency focus are all expected to accomplish this, along with the fact that there are some operational inefficiencies experienced last year, which we talked to you about, that we don't expect to repeat again.  We also expect a solid performance in the Food and Ingredients segment and to grow our operating profits in International Foods.  So our plans call for the benefit of capital allocation, but more importantly, true organic operating improvement in our core businesses. That brings an end to my remarks. We thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods, and I'd like to turn it over to Chris for some housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Yes. One housekeeping item before we turn it over to the Q&A part of today's call. Given the trading and merchandising transaction, we will have different segments by the time we report our first quarter of fiscal 2009, and of course we will provide comparable history for those segments so that you will have them for your model. At this time I'll turn this back over to the operator to moderate the Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :  First of all, in terms of the brand performance in the quarter, in the Q&A document you showed Banquet down in the quarter. Was that a function of price elasticity that you were seeing? I would think that given the value proposition of that brand, even if you're taking a large percentage price increase it would not be really material in terms of overall dollar price increases. Second, a question on the capital allocation. Andre, you mentioned uncertainty as to the timing of the share repurchase. Why wouldn't you, since you have the cash in hand, why wouldn't you do an accelerated share buyback, as you've done in the past, to get the immediate EPS accretion?
Andre Hawaux: Well, let me go first on your second question there, Eric. We are going to use an accelerated share repurchase mechanism. We're working that through right now with our advisors. But as you know, with those mechanisms, what they'll be able to provide us with - 70% of the shares roughly is what they'll do on the day we strike that agreement, and then they have a period of time in which they then have to tender the rest of the shares and go out and get the rest of the shares in the market. So it's simply due to timing. We will execute that as quickly as possible, and then we will just monitor that over time with the folks that we're using. So we get a lion's share of those shares out early, but we don't go all the way to bright right away. There is a timing mechanism that has to take place.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, you're right on Banquet. This was a quarter while we were eliminating some inefficient trade spends, so we took some business that really wasn't profitable out. But on top of that we also have a couple of segments - basically our Crock Pots and our bulk poultry - that are soft. We're working on both of those - Crock Pots, working to replace that product, and poultry, we've changed strategy a bit and started to see that business stabilize. But the biggest piece is taking out inefficient trade spend.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  I really think, Gary, the heart of the matter here is the Consumer Foods operations, so the fourth quarter profits were still down year-on-year even after adjusting for the restructuring charges. Margins were hit a little bit more right there. And I think what folks out there are going to be thinking today is that there's a sizeable contrast between the trends that we have seen in Consumer Foods versus what's embedded within the guidance. I have two questions here. Number one, kind of what's the underlying nature of your confidence here? And what I'm driving at is the differences between your expectations of pricing and your confidence in the cost structure of that operation? And Andre, if you might be able to give us a little detail on the pacing of profit improvement in the Consumer Foods, I think it would be very helpful for folks here to understand what we're looking for over the course of fiscal '09.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, David, I can tell you, first of all, this was our toughest quarter from an inflation standpoint. There's no question about it. And our pricing took place a third of the way through the quarter, so we didn't have the full impact on that. But the reason that we are confident in the algorithm is the fact that we've got a good amount of innovation, not just what we've talked about but a lot more coming. We'll have the full quarterly benefit of our pricing, plus what we also intend to do on a go forward basis as we have planned.  We believe our brands are stronger, with more effective marketing now. We're very confident in our productivity, both from a supply chain standpoint as well as SG&A. Importantly, you will remember we talked last year about some operational inefficiencies in the first half of the year. Those have been fixed and will not be repeated. And we'll also have a full year of having peanut butter and some of our acquisitions - Alexia, Lincoln and Watts Brothers in our numbers. 
Andre Hawaux: And David, if I could just comment, I think Gary's articulated a lot of that but, again, I don't want to, at this point in time, provide you all with quarter-by-quarter guidance exactly where we're going to be in the Consumer business, but I think one of the big enablers that happens is our pricing and the lapping effect of our pricing year-on-year.  But we're going to be, you know, the Q4 for us represented probably the highest dollar amount of inflation. We see that happening again in Q1 of fiscal year 2009. And then the spreads in other words, the pricing spread to inflation gets significantly better for us as we move out into the back half of the year. So that's probably one of the questions you have, given what we talked about in our release with respect to Q1.  So I would expect our Q1 to be roughly where we talked about it and then the significant improvements starting to really move in the back half of the year, with respect to your question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  I wanted to get at the sequencing of the pricing, particularly in light - as you guys are probably aware, General Mills announced looking forward about a 9% more in commodity input pressure next year. What I'm really trying to get at here is do you think your pricing that you have gotten in now is going to be enough or do you think it's possible you're going to have to go back and make similar pricing moves as we go through the year?
Gary Rodkin: Terry, I would tell you that we will take pricing actions as needed. With input costs continuing to surge the way they are, there's basically no choice, and we have that built into our plan. We have a much more disciplined process, and net pricing is high on senior management's radar screen, including myself.  So I think the answer is a resounding yes, that there's more pricing to come.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: And just quickly on frozen, Gary, I was a little bit disappointed to see that wasn't any better there. Can you talk just a little bit about where your spreads are now with your competitors in the frozen case?
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, we led in frozen. We were pretty aggressive, and that net pricing was a combination of taking some trade inefficiencies out as well as raising our list. And to oversimplify, Terry, if you take brands like Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's, we basically moved from a feature price of two for $4 to a feature price of two for $5. And in some cases in Q4, we frankly removed all the deals.  So as we go forward and as we see as we speak that business trend is improving and will continue to improve, and most importantly, we've got a very strong agenda of innovation coming in frozen, the first of which is Asian Steamers, which will start appearing on the shelves very shortly. And we think that's going to be a big boost. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  Just to follow a little bit along with pricing, Gary, you made the statement that you feel like you were more aligned with pricing versus the input costs and I guess just there's some discussion on this in the prior couple of questions, but have you built in additional pricing that you plan to take in the back half of the year?
Gary Rodkin: We have built additional pricing in, and clearly that is coming when needed. So I'm not at liberty to tell you exactly when that is, but it clearly is in the plan and a bit sooner than you might think. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities :  I guess my question has to do - or first question has to do with just how stuff that we hear from the field and kind of retailers and some competitors, Gary, since Consumers really kind of under your watch list, so, for example, peanut butter, you know, I understand that you were selling stuff at like $1 with heaving couponing, and it was so aggressive that you actually ran out of product because of supply issues on peanuts. And I'm just kind of wondering if that's - one, if that's true, and two, you know, how does that jive with, you know, controls over the organization and what's happening versus a culture that's traditionally been very, very promotional?  And then second, to Andre, in terms of your repurchase activity, obviously you're taking a lot of cash from the sale and you're plowing it back into repo. I guess what assumptions are you making in terms of an outlook, meaning is it a - you're thinking longer term, that 8% to 9% - 8% to 10% earnings growth is sustainable and that's why buying back stock here is the right move?
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I'll answer that first question. Yes, absolutely, Eric. That's - we believe that is the right move for that. 
Gary Rodkin: And Eric, I'll tackle the peanut butter issue. That was a very deliberate strategy. As we said, we were going to come back into the marketplace and get trial, retrial. We drove a tremendous amount of penetration, and the price point was there specifically for that reason.  We didn't cut product. We just were much, more successful in that. Our penetration of households, I believe we got to over 20 million households, if I'm not mistaken. That's over. That was short term. That's done, and we are back with pricing that's very in line with the category, much greater than that $1 price point. That's over. It accomplished what we wanted to, and that business is back on track where we expected it to be. So very deliberate, not a control issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  A couple of questions. One, you did mention that you're watching very closely the threat of private label in categories like Pam or brands like Pam, Wesson and Egg Beaters. That sounds a little different from the tone I think you took last quarter, where you thought that you didn't really think of private label as a threat, so has anything changing there? Second, just broadly, you know, when I think about your situation, Gary, I think the companies that are performing well in a challenging inflationary environment and the challenging consumer environment, they seem to have put aside a lot of the distractions that you seem to be facing. I mean, asset sales, management turnover, SAP, a cultural change, big price increases. Also, you've changed the way that you're going after cost savings with a completely different cost-saving strategy than you had a year ago. Do you think that - when are you going to get past all these distractions, I guess, and maybe after that it'll be a little bit easier for you to execute in what I think is a very challenging environment?
Gary Rodkin: That's a fair question. When I came into this job a little less than three years ago, I knew this was a major turnaround. This is a big battleship to turn around. We've done a tremendous amount of heavy lifting, had a few bumps in the road along the way. But I can tell you that that heavy lifting we see paying off this fiscal year.  We believe we've got the organizational wiring in place. We've had a lot of success on our SAP implementations. We believe our brands are stronger. And yes, we have had some changeover in management, but we believe we now have the company in shape to feel very confident about being able to deliver our algorithm. Your first question was on private label, and frankly, we have changed our tune just a bit because of the intensity of the inflation continuing and not seeing private label move up as much as we thought they might. When I say that's high on our radar screen and that we intend to course correct, we will do what we need to to ensure that those businesses like Pam continue to remain strong. But, you know, we're rolling with the punches. This is a very difficult, intense environment and we believe that, you know, we have to call it like it is. So that's why we're going to stay nimble on our strategies.
Andre Hawaux: And Rob, if I could just make one point of clarification with what Gary said as well, on SAP, we don't view that as a distraction. We actually view that as an enabler for our business. And on our cost savings reductions that we've had in the supply chain, this is an organization that this year delivered $240 million in cost saves and next year is going to deliver another $225. We don't consider those distractions. We do consider those enablers in our ability to fight inflation and continue to drive the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I just had a few questions for you, quick ones. The first one is, for your guidance for 2009, Andre, does that include that little bit of discontinued operations you'll have in the first quarter?
Andre Hawaux: No. The $1.56 to $1.59 does not include any discontinued operations, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then two, a question, I guess, for Gary, on these priority investment brands, where the growth was a little slower than your overall sales growth in the quarter. And you cited some of the key brands that may have done a little worse than we expected, but would you call that just a really competitive environment? Were there private label increases there that maybe hurt you? And I guess my bigger question is do we need more marketing here to really kind of stimulate some of these key brands' sales growth? 
Gary Rodkin: Well, again, I think, you know, that was the quarter that we took very significant pricing and trade, made some changes in our trade program. So it wasn't dramatically different from what we had planned. Is it a competitive environment? It is, but we believe that we've got the right programs in place, that we have a lot of innovation, strong marketing and selling programs, as we look ahead into fiscal '09, and are confident that the priority brands will grow well, accordingly to plan in fiscal '09. 
Operator: Your next question comes from [Tom Trucillo] - Banc of America Securities.
Tom Trucillo - Banc of America Securities:  I appreciate the comment that you plan to pay down a significant amount of your commercial paper balance with transaction proceeds, but I was wondering if you could comment on whether or not your debt pay down will be significant enough to maintain the credit metrics that you had prior to the transaction? And if not, do you have a new target for your leverage going forward?
Andre Hawaux:  We believe, you know, we're paying off and have paid off a significant amount of the commercial paper that was required to support largely the trading and merchandising business, so we have done that. And we do believe going forward, Tom, that we will maintain the investment grade credit rating that we have today. I think I've captured most of your questions that you asked.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: In terms of the press release, you mentioned a benefit from 53rd week. Some other companies in the sector have been pretty explicit that they were going to be reinvesting that benefit in incremental marketing or productivity projects. Can you make any comments as to what the benefit from the 53rd week will be and whether you'll reinvest it? And then second, on another [topic], we haven't seen a - or I don't think the press release had a full year cash flow statement, and I guess even if it does, even when we see it it'll be - the underlying trends will be somewhat obscured by the big working capital swings from the trading and merchandising business, which will, I suppose, be on the cash flow statement be restated as in disc ops. But could you give us an idea as to what cash from operations was for fiscal '08 for continuing operations and how you see that growing going forward?
Chris Klinefelter: I'm going to start and then turn it over to Andre or Gary, as needed. On your first question, regarding the 53rd week, obviously we did take this into account in our planning, and the algorithm that you see takes that into consideration and yes, we will be reinvesting some.  The thing I would caution you on is that not all weeks are pro rata, so it's not necessarily easy to take, you know, 1/52nd of your earnings and push that out. Different weeks have different earnings.  But yes, we have taken that into consideration, and we are reinvesting some. As far as the cash from operations, I think Andre has got the detail here, but I think it's in the range of $300 million from continuing operations. The thing to keep in mind is that even on the cash flow there will be a differentiation between cash flow from continuing and cash flow from discontinued. Andre?
Andre Hawaux: Yeah. So, well, Chris, you kind of answered the question. But yeah, there isn't a lot noise because there will be a little bit of this continuing operations cash flow and discontinued operations cash flow and the use of cash that we had in the trading and merchandising business.  But again, the way to think about our cash flow going forward, Eric, is, as you know, we've provided guidance in terms of we're going to have strong healthy net income next year. You'll see us spend about - we talked about $475 million in Capex. We're going to have about $300 million, give or take, in terms of depreciation, so there's a slight spread there. And we also expect as we move forward as a much more focused company that we will actually see a small amount of benefit from us continuing to work hard at making our working capital better for us, so you can expect that as well as we go into next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  Just three quick things. One, did you mention - and I'm sorry if you did and I missed it - what you're expecting in fiscal '09 for your percent increase in input cost pressure and how covered you might be around sort of key inputs for the year? Second, what was the change, I guess, in marketing in the quarter, and what are you sort of building into your plan for next year? Do you feel like marketing's got to go up - again, I guess, core consumer is the best way to think about it - at a rate in excess of sales growth or not? And then third and last, it's interesting, you know, a number of companies have now mentioned in this space that, you know, they've seen private label tick up a bit, but they've also seen branded tick up a bit at the same time, obviously benefiting from folks eating more at home. It doesn't seem like you've seen that same sort of trend. Yes, your portfolio's different than others, but maybe you can comment on that. Thank you.
Andre Hawaux: Let me take a stab at that, if I remember. Let me go first, I think your first one was on what are the implications for input costs and what do we have for inflation in fiscal year 2009 in Consumer. Our numbers right now, what we're tracking, is 10% to 12%, so that was, I think, the first piece.  The second piece is where were we for the quarter with respect to A&P. We were down versus a year ago in Consumer, but I'd just like to remind you in Q4 of last year, because of the outsized trading profits, we made significant investments, one-time investments, behind certain brands in the quarter itself. So the comparison year-on-year is a little difficult because Q4 of last year was fattened up, if you will, for lack of a better term, because of the fact that we had those outsize trading profits. We are targeting right now, as we talked about at CAGNY, approximately about 5% to 6% of our net sales in Consumer to be our A&P spending for next year. That translates to, when you look at where that money goes, which is priority brands, around 8% to 9%. And again, back to Gary's points on efficiency and effectiveness, it's really what we're striving for with respect to A&P. Now, I apologize. I don't know that I remember what your third question was. 
Gary Rodkin: I think you were asking about private label and branded goods, and we think the key is innovation. Clearly, you know, we think that we've planned conservatively for this coming year. In order to have high confidence in our algorithm, we've planned the volume a bit conservatively. But we do believe that we've got some underlying strength as people do move more toward eating at home, and, in the other side of our business, as people move down more toward quick-serve restaurants, we do believe that we've got both the value part of our portfolio in Consumer as well as the value add part, health and wellness oriented, particularly well set up to take advantage of this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  I just wanted to follow up on that 53rd week question. I just want to put it a different way. The other way these companies have been stating it is that by reinvesting the number, that 53rd week benefit, there's no then kind of growth slowdown in the subsequent year. Can you guys make that statement? And I'm just trying to isolate this effect. I'm not asking you for fiscal 2010 guidance. I'm just trying to isolate that 53rd week. Would it be a true statement to say there's no sort of negative hangover in fiscal 2010 because of the 53rd week, Andre?
Andre Hawaux: I think that would be fair to say, that we don't see ourselves with any sort of hangover in fiscal 2010 because we had a 53rd week in fiscal 2009. I think that's a fair statement.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, David, we clearly will not plan like that. You know, to oversimplify, the 53rd week gives us even greater conviction in the algorithm that we have this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  I just wanted to ask about what opportunities you see in traditional grocery stores to drive incremental sales of your products? It seems like there's an intense effort by some of your competitors to look for opportunities, particularly on the perimeter of the stores, to drive incremental sales of products. And I know this was an effort of yours over the past 12 months or so, but I was just curious if you had an update.
Gary Rodkin: Besides the very robust innovation pipeline that we have, the other piece that I think we feel very, very good about is the leap forward that you're going to see us take on in-store execution. We now have an in-store center of excellence, fully staffed, up and running as of second half of last year, and the fruits of that labor are going to start to appear in store, so I'd say that's an area where we feel there are a point or two of growth to be had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: The Corporate expense is down significantly in the fourth quarter, and there was a bit of a comparison factor there. But, you know, when you talk about the cost savings in the quarter, the $60 million, were there some lower costs in Corporate expense on top of that as well? I'm just trying to get a feel for '09, how to model forward here.
Chris Klinefelter: The $60 million is a statistic related to the cost of goods sold within Consumer Foods, so that was outside of any commentary on Corporate. In terms of how we look at a normalized Corporate, you know, each quarter can have its variation. We still target something in the mid to high 300s range a year, so somewhere between $90 and $100 million a quarter, once again acknowledging that you can have some variability across them.
Andre Hawaux: But I think I would echo your point, Chris. We had - the $60 million was inside Consumer. That's related to the work the supply chain team did.  On the Corporate side, as Gary alluded to earlier, we are working hard on streamlining and looking at effectiveness and efficiency everywhere we turn, so we did have some very good cost savings in the quarter, in that space this quarter, and we expect to continue to work hard at getting those into fiscal year 2009 as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Trucillo - Banc of America Securities.
Tom Trucillo - Banc of America Securities: Just a follow up on the credit metrics and leverage, by my calculation it appears that even if you pay off all $600 million of your notes payable, I still have your leverage increasing by a half a turn. And in response to my first question you said that you were intent on maintaining an investment grade credit rating. Given my comments on the increase in leverage, does that mean that you don't necessarily see maintaining your mid triple B credit rating - or did your comment mean mid triple B or just investment grade, I guess?
Andre Hawaux: Oh, I'm sorry. The ratings that we currently have. I apologize, Tom. 
Tom Trucillo - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So given that and my statements on the leverage, does that mean - would you guys consider like a partial tender that you did a year ago? 
Andre Hawaux: We are in fact evaluating that as part of the whole cap structure discussion we had in terms of how do we allocate these proceeds. I do want to let people know, though, that we - while in our financial statements for the quarter we had about $600 million in commercial paper, as we roll into the new year, prior to closing the transaction, we had slightly more commercial paper that we did in fact pay off. So we actually used more of those proceeds as well to pay off more commercial paper that we incurred in the first quarter to support the trading and merchandising team. But, Tom, to your point, we will take a look at a tender. We're evaluating those things right now. There are some premium options that we have to pay for these things that really I question the present value and whether these are good economic things for us to do at this point in time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks and closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions.  Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Operator: This concludes today's ConAgra Foods fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you again for attending.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-03-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin  Chief Executive Officer Andre Hawaux  Chief Financial Officer Rob Sharpe - Executive Vice President, Legal and Communications Greg Heckman  President, Commercial Operations Doug Knudsen  President, Sales Chris Klinefelter  Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Analysts: Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Bob Cummins - Shields & Company Ann Gurkin  Davenport Eric Miller - Lehman Brothers  Tom Travio - Banc of America Securities 
Operator:   Good morning and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead Mr. Rodkin. 
Gary Rodkin: Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and Im here with several members of our management team including Andre Hawaux our CFO; Rob Sharpe, EVP of Legal and Communications; Greg Heckman, President of Commercial Operations; Doug Knudsen, President of Sales; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  Given the recent news regarding our agreement to sell the trading and merchandising operations along with todays third quarter earnings release, we have a lot to cover in todays call. In the interest of time, Andre and I are going to start with a brief overview of the quarters results, hitting the highlights, and then Ill spend some time on the deal we just announced. After that well take your questions.  Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping. 
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During todays remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while were making those statements in good faith and are confident about our companys direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If youd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, Ill refer you to the documents which we file with the SEC which include cautionary language.  Also well be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for regulation G compliance can be found on our website at investor.ConagraFoods.com under the financial reports and filings link and then choosing non-GAAP reconciliations.  Now Ill turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. We just released EPS of $0.63 for the fiscal third quarter. $0.63 is a very, very strong number, more than $0.20 higher than planned. There were several pockets of strength in the quarter. Food and ingredients had a great top and bottom line performance and has been a very strong contributor to this years growth. Our consumer food sales started to show the effect of pricing actions weve been gradually taking. I said before that youd see some price realization in the third quarter with more in the fourth quarter and thats exactly the way its shaping up.  Our trading and merchandising results were unprecedented just like the volatility and commodities right now. Our trading group did a great job capitalizing on some unique opportunities this quarter.  Comparable consumer food sales were up 6%, a big improvement from earlier trends. Volume delivered 4 points of comparable growth and price mix delivered another 2, most of those 2 points being pricing.  While our good top line wasnt enough to offset severe inflation, our pricing realization represents an important first step in the right direction. Going forward, you should expect a very different story from us in terms of the net inflation gap versus pricing for this segment.  I cant over emphasize how dramatically weve adjusted our focus once we got past the effects our two recalls and our operational issues. We knew our pricing actions through Q3 were going to be limited and clearly not enough to offset commodity inflation. Once we were confident we had our customer service issues behind us, we executed much more appropriate pricing to compensate for the dramatic rise in our input costs. That action, which covered over 95% of our portfolio, went into effect this past Monday. We expect for you to see the impact in our Q4 results and even more in Q1 since it will have been in place for the full quarter. On a go-forward basis, well be extremely diligent with senior management leadership of net pricing actions. We have several key brands posting big sales gains this quarter. Healthy Choice is up more than 20%, largely reflecting the fact that our Caf Steamers demand is strong and were now off allocation. Hebrew National and Marie Callenders continued their strong two-year momentum. Hunts sales are up about 7% overall and our dollar share in the canned tomato category is up 2 points. Our diced tomatoes in particular showed a strong gain of almost 4 points for the most recent quarter. Our new ad campaign and our introduction of fire-roasted are big contributors to this growth.  Swiss Miss Cocoa sales grew by more than 15% on the strength of innovations like Pick Me Up hot chocolate, which has as much caffeine as a cup of coffee and Great Start hot chocolate, which is fortified with 15 vitamins and minerals. Market share jumped 6 points. Another success I want to mention is Peter Pan peanut butter. As most of you know, the brand was re-introduced earlier this fiscal year after last years recall. We gradually entered the market last fall with just our six core SKUs. As planned, we built our inventory and executed a major trial and retrial event to reintroduce the brand in a big way and rebuild our business. For the month-long promotion associated with the reintroduction, Peter Pan was purchased by 19 million households for a 30 share of volume.  While the trial was margin dilutive it achieved our objectives. Most importantly, post event, our customer's reorders and our consumer repeat is strengthening, good signs of rebuilding our franchise.  We had more innovation news this quarter, consistent with our health and wellness focus. We reintroduced two very promising new items; we just began a Wal-Mart roll-out of Orville Redenbacher Smart Cakes which are nutritious snacks made from popcorn, available in great flavors like cheddar cheese and sour cream and onion. The texture and taste is great and they have much better nutritionals than other salty snacks. This was a great example of our improved innovation process going from concept to shelf in three months.  Another new item introduced late this quarter is Egg Beaters With Yolk with a dramatically better nutritional profile meaning much lower fat, calories and cholesterol than shell eggs and tastes just as good. Both of these items are off to a good start. Before I leave the topic of consumer brand performance this quarter, I want to say a couple of words about our frozen business. Frozen is one of our largest platforms; depending on the quarter, it's between 25% and 30% of consumer sales.  Frozen sales were up almost 6% as a whole this quarter, and we're pleased with the market share, given the changes we've been making. The aggregated market share data isn't able to tell all the story; there are too many important and moving pieces that get lost in the aggregation. For example, we've been hard at work for several quarters bringing innovation with products like Healthy Choice Cafe Steamers and Paninis and those have intentionally replaced other slow moving Healthy Choice products. The results are a mix improvement.  We've also phased out unprofitable promotions and have moved to a two for $5 as our standard feature on Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's. We strongly believe this will be the right balance for sustainable growth and profitability.  We've also improved the positioning of Banquet in important categories like prepared chicken and we're getting much smarter about our pricing and promotional strategies with Banquet Value Meals, while phasing out slow moving items within the Banquet portfolio. Those actions improved mixed in profits, but can't always be detected from market share data. It goes without saying that we're pleased with how we've expanded Marie Callender's over the last two years. As a matter of fact, it's been one of our top performers in the company over the past two years.  Finally, our sales in unmeasured channels are very strong as is the case with many of our products. The net effect is higher quality frozen sales and improved profitability and most importantly, a strong foundation for the future has been set.  Our profits for consumer foods were down more than 25% on a comparable basis. essentially due to input costs. This was our toughest quarter yet, with input costs increasing about $130 million versus our cost advantage in Q3 of a year ago. The biggest increases were in cooking oils, eggs, beef, chicken, nuts and some dairy items.  When we index the market price changes of 30 key consumer food inputs as a group, which would include many of the items I just mentioned, the year-over-year increase is more than 15%. Thats enormous. Even though we had about $70 million of cost savings this quarter, a headwind of 130 was far beyond what we had planned which is why our current and biggest round of pricing actions are so important going forward.  As Ive said before and I am repeating it now, weve taken more pricing, bigger and broader and we expect it to be apparent in the fourth quarter numbers and fully in Q1 of fiscal 09.  Weve been strengthening our foundation over the past two years so that our consumer foods business would be in a position to develop real momentum. We hit some speed bumps with recalls and operational issues earlier this year, which kept us from making as much progress as we had hoped but we are past that now. Between our pricing, innovation, service levels and more effective marketing were entering a new era for consumer foods. The segment now reports directly to me; were revitalized commitment to a more focused, effective and efficient organization and most importantly, to delivering sustainable profitable growth through more effective marketing, truly incremental innovation, disciplined cost management and nimble responses to changing input costs.  Moving on to food and ingredients, that segment posted very strong results with comparable profits up 33%. Lamb Weston continues to have good sales and profit growth. Ive bragged about them before, describing them as a model of efficiency and customer service and they continually find ways to grow with important customers. Shortly after the end of the quarter, we purchased Watts Brothers, a top quality supplier of potatoes for Lamb Weston as well as frozen vegetables for our consumer foods operations. Watts Brothers will help expand the base and agricultural supply for Lamb Weston.  The food and ingredients segments biggest sales and profit growth in the quarter came from our milling operations. Sales there reflect the fact that higher wheat costs are driving higher flour prices. We took some wheat positions during the quarter, mostly physical and some in futures and those positions increased in value substantially given the volatility in the wheat market. Our margin management team within the flour milling operations knows the wheat market very well and will look for opportunities to capitalize on marketplace volatility to help manage through a very difficult input cost environment. The results for this quarter reflect an exceptional job.  It goes without saying that the trading and merchandising profits were remarkable. Operating profit of $199 million, was more than three times last year's $62 million. The biggest increase occurred in the agricultural commodities trading and merchandising, which capitalized on the wheat market volatility. As I'm sure everyone is aware the commodity markets have been extremely volatile. Wheat is an important commodity for us. We were properly positioned in both our milling operations and in our trading and merchandising operations to take full advantage of it. Fertilizer operations also performed well. That's mainly a function of the rising prices and strong global demand. Energy trading was modestly ahead of last year. As you've heard me say before, we plan conservatively for this business; something in the range of $200 million. We're already more than double that for the first three quarters. As we've discussed before, we didn't plan for this type of performance. We'd rather make conservative commitments and then deliver upside rather than the other way around. So until the transaction is completed we'll plan conservatively and offer EPS guidance reflecting those plans.  Our international segment showed a comparable sales and profit increase. We were helped by a weaker dollar with some good results from Mexico, the Caribbean and Latin America. We decided to reduce our presence in some markets where we weren't getting a lot of traction and didn't have critical mass. Those were expensive markets to operate in. Mainly I'm talking about Europe and Japan. So we're narrowing our markets and focusing where we see the most potential: in after-markets, Latin America, India, China and a few others. In refocusing, we'll have SG&A savings that more than offset the foregone profit from reduced presence in certain markets. As you saw this quarter, there were some restructuring charges to make that happen and we identify those in the details.  Before I finish my remarks on the quarter we obviously took our fiscal 2008 EPS estimates up due to the quarter's over delivery. It's turned out to be an outstanding year in terms of the aggregate EPS. We now expect $1.80 to $1.85 excluding items impacting comparability.  The mix of earnings has turned out to be different from what we had planned, meaning less from brands and more from trading. But nevertheless the absolute EPS is very strong. I look forward to reporting more progress in Q4.  For those of you who have been following our journey up to this point, you know it's been interesting, to say the least. It's had its share of ups and downs. I want you to know that I am very confident that our foundation is now stronger than it's ever been. We've weathered storms most companies in our industry have never experienced, especially in one year's time, and we're emerging as a much stronger company.  When we take into account all the heavy lifting that's been done across major areas of the company -- culture, the team, the organization's structure, the innovation pipeline, incentive system, portfolio changes, and all the other areas you've heard me discuss over the last two-and-a-half years  we are convinced that the best is ahead of us. We're excited about the company's future and I look forward to proving that out as we approach fiscal 2009.  At this point, I'll turn it over to Andre and just as a reminder, when Andre's finished with his remarks I'll make some comments about the deal that we just announced. 
Andre Hawaux: Thanks very much, Gary and good morning, everyone. I'll touch on what I consider to be some important highlights for the quarter in the area of operating trends, capital items, give you an update on SAP and I will close with an update on guidance for fiscal year 2008.  With respect to operating trends, a $0.63 quarter is very strong. I congratulate our food and ingredients team and our trading and merchandising teams on their outstanding results. This quarter's performance for those businesses was excellent and provided us the ability to take our fiscal year guidance up to $1.80 to $1.85 excluding items impacting comparability.  In our consumer foods segment, we saw sequential improvement in our price realization. And as you've heard from us before, our most recent price increases are now in place and were put in effect on March 24. We will see the benefit of that in the fourth quarter and also in fiscal year 2009.  To further amplify Gary's comments on our share performance, it's important to note that our volume in unmeasured channels, channels such as club, Wal-Mart and food service to name a few, all grew significantly more than our measured channel volume this quarter.  Despite the positive pricing, positive volume and significant cost savings this quarter, inflation was approximately $130 million in Q3 in the consumer space and simply too big to offset. As a result, our consumer profits were down for the quarter.  With respect to capital items, our working capital position increased significantly over prior year. Our trading and merchandising operations require working capital to pursue opportunities and our milling business this quarter found itself with very good profits due to increases in the inventory values. But all of that has a cash flow impact because of the increase in working capital. We financed this increase in working capital by the use and issuance of commercial paper. We are confident that working capital levels will come down over time, reflecting our focus on return on invested capital. Today's announcements will also drive down our working capital in a significant way.  Our interest expense was $62 million for the quarter, higher than last year because of the short-term debt used to finance all working capital requirements.  CapEx was $72 million for the quarter, less than a year ago strictly due to timing. Consistent with our discussions at CAGNY, we believe we will be around $450 million to $475 million of CapEx for fiscal year 2008.  Our dividends were $93 million, slightly above last year's amount due to increase in our dividends. Our current year tax rate projection is between 34% and 35%. It was a little lower than that this quarter, due to increased benefits recognized from domestic manufacturing deductions, various tax credits and lower foreign income tax rates in Canada which were effective January 1, 2008. We identified the impact of the lower rate in our items impacting comparability. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter.  Let me give you and update on our SAP journey. On our last call I mentioned that we had successfully cleared two milestones in our SAP go-live conversion. One was a new general ledger; the next was the newest version of our order cash system. Today I am very proud to report that in December we had a successful implementation of recipe management which builds the foundation for the supply chain implementation. In February we had our first two plants go live with a total SAP suite, and it went very smoothly. Our next release is in June, where we'll add another six plants to the SAP line-up. Currently, we also have 18 plants successfully live on the warehouse module of SAP Supply Chain.  The success of these roll-outs has been in large part driven by adherence to the ConAgra operating principles of simplicity, accountability and collaboration, where teamwork has been very strong between the business and IT. We are already starting to see the benefit from the visibility that SAP provides into the business, and we'll start to see even more benefits as more plants roll out.  Now with respect to fiscal year 2008 guidance, based on our strong performance to-date, which amounts to EPS of $1.50 excluding items impacting comparability for the first three quarters of this fiscal year, we now expect our full-year fiscal 2008 EPS to be in the range of $1.80 to $1.85 on the same basis. That essentially means a fourth quarter in the range of $0.30 to $0.35, excluding items impacting comparability.  Regarding 2009, as we stated in the release, we currently expect EPS excluding items impacting comparability of at least $1.55. It's still pretty early for us to offer anything firm, but we offer this directional commentary because we know a lot of you will wonder about it in light of the trading and merchandising deal. That number assumes EPS benefit from repurchasing shares and receiving interest income from the pick-notes we are providing and it assumes we are foregoing conservatively planned trading and merchandising profits of $200 million or so.  It goes without saying that we expect our core food business to perform better in fiscal year 2009 than it did in fiscal year 2008. With that, I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Andre. Turning to the ConAgra Trading Group deal that we announced last night, I believe that the transaction is an excellent one for ConAgra Foods. It has important strategic benefits for us, and also represents an attractive financial opportunity.  For some time, investors and analysts have questioned the rationale for the trading and merchandising within the larger core food businesses of ConAgra. Although the business had started as a supportive adjunct for our core businesses, in recent years it had become a much larger part of our earnings and importantly a much larger commitment of capital for us.  Although the business has performed very well in the last 18 months, investors largely discounted those earnings and ascribed significant risk to these operations. We know this is a very good business but weve concluded it will be optimized under different ownership. Were exiting the business at a price and at a time that makes sense from where we sit, particularly given the momentum in our food and ingredients segment and the fact that our top line for consumer foods business is improving.  We believe this transaction is the defining step in addressing investor concerns and focusing our business and our capital on our core food operations. It allows us to generate an earnings stream more highly valued by our investors and it will allow the trading and merchandising group be considered core among the operations of their new parent company.  The value generated by the transaction is quite meaningful and represents a significant premium to book value, which is often the baseline for valuing trading operations. Its about 6.5 times last years strong EBITDA performance and about 8.5 times trailing three-year average EBITDA and also allows us to participate in future upside through a warrant and with limited earn out for the balance of calendar 2008.  Our purpose on this call is not to go into every detail about the trading and merchandising operations or the deal itself. Weve provided some information in an 8-K and a summary sheet that hopefully will give you what you need in that regard. Andre is going to touch on some specific highlights in a minute, but I do want you to know that I think this is the right price and the right time to sell this business.  The strategic benefits are clear. The deal removes significant volatility and risk from our earnings stream. Investors and analysts have pointed to this volatility as being inconsistent with the financial profile most desired by our owners. As the only company in the peer group with exposure to a significant trading operation, it was harder for our investors to value us.  Although there was a directional benefit for trading income to offset consumer input inflation, there was very little direct benefit to consumer margins. To the extent trading provided actual cost input hedging for consumer, we will now do that directly by establishing needed expertise in our centralized procurement function. We are retaining a few key management members to manage our risk; that expertise wont be leaving us.  The transaction allows a complete management focus on our core food businesses, particularly Lamb Weston and our consumer foods, just as we see momentum building. Even though we didnt spend an inordinate amount of time on the trading group, it did require comprehensive oversight.  Importantly, it eliminates the unavoidable substantial growth and added capital necessary to optimize the business In just the past 24 months invested capital for the trading and merchandising operations has increased by about $700 million. During the past year, even though earnings have been great, its been a net user of cash driven by both the absolute cost of holding inventory and the continued need to expand its physical assets and expansion of the scope of trading activities.  On a related topic, our ongoing working capital will be more predictable and manageable going forward. That in turn means better operating cash flows over the long term, which means more fuel for regular ongoing share repurchases outside of the concentrated activity related to deal proceeds. In other words, while our trading and merchandising profits have been great lately, the working capital growth associated with those operations has prevented us from buying back our own shares when we otherwise would and that will change with this deal.  Most importantly, the transaction will not interfere with our core commitment to shareholders of growing our normalized EPS by 8% to 10% per year. As you know, we normalize our EPS base each year to reflect any over or under delivery from trading so weve not planned on growth and trading profits to achieve our algorithm. In the absence of taking more risk, which we were not prepared to do, or committing more capital, it simply wasnt prudent to rely on trading profit to drive our bottom line.  Regarding our EPS impact, it would be impossible to find a deal to replace all the trading income weve enjoyed recently. Thats unrealistic. It is very important to reiterate that the proceeds from this transaction basically replace the $200 million plus weve built into our annual plans for the next three years and beyond. We expect the performance of our core food operations to drive our 8% to 10% bottom line algorithm. Andre?
Andre Hawaux: Thanks, Gary. Id like to recap some of the deal terms and then put fiscal year 2009 EPS into some context. The overall price is about $2.1 billion, its about 6.5 times fiscal 2007 EBITDA and represents a $600 million premium over book value. Keep in mind that last years EBITDA was very strong, so a solid multiple on those unusually high earnings is a good outcome. Two years ago this business earned around $100 million of EBIT and the last six quarters have shown that its earnings are driven directly by the commodity cycle.  Now subject to working capital changes, we are getting around $1.6 billion in pre-tax cash at closing and are taking back relatively short duration, fixed securities for $525 million. It is worth noting in this context that unlike virtually any pick you have seen, there will be no meaningful acquisition financing above us in the capital structure, and there will be well more than $1 billion of equity beneath us in the structure. In fact, just liquidating the working capital of the business would repay us more than two times. We view it as very good paper.  Because the transaction has very low tax leverage of about $200 million, we expect to be able to apply in excess of $1.4 billion, mostly toward share repurchase and debt reduction, with a larger percentage of the proceeds used for share repurchase. As we look out over the next few years, there should be an incremental $500 million or so to deploy as the limited amount we are financing gets repaid to us. Obviously to the extent we see high return opportunities through different investments, we will pursue them. Now let me finish by providing some more context as it relates to our fiscal 2009 EPS outlook and the EPS growth commitments we have made. If we weren't doing this deal and we were projecting next year's EPS from this year's performance, we would adjust the $1.80 to $1.85 EPS excluding items impacting comparability this year by the amount of trading and merchandising over delivery. That would result in an EPS base of something in the range of $1.40 to $1.45 for fiscal year 2008.  It depends on this year's mix of earnings and we won't know the firm number until the fourth quarter is finished. Many of you will recognize that's the same type of exercise we did in fiscal 2007 to determine the proper base on which to growth in fiscal 2008. While the components of the base on the income statement are obviously changing with the transaction, given that we are foregoing some operating profit and making up a portion of the EPS impact from share repurchases and interest income, the fact that we expect to earn at least $1.55 in fiscal 2009 shows our algorithm is still intact.  While we can't get very specific right now regarding EPS for 2009 because it's so early, the 2009 EPS numbers should show strong growth in EPS above where we landed on a normalized basis for 2008. It will very likely put us at the end point resulting in two years of 8% to 10% annual growth from our 2007 normalized base that we talked about last year. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Andre. Before we close, I also want to thank Greg Heckman not only for his leadership of the trading and merchandising business but for making a real difference in our food and ingredients businesses. Greg is an outstanding businessman and a great leader. We wish him and his team all the best. Fortunately we have a very strong bench in our food and ingredients businesses to help continue delivering great results.  Now I'll turn it over to our operator for Q&A.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) It looks like our first question comes from Ken Goldman from the offices ofBear Stearns? Mr. Goldman.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: You paused there. That's interesting.  Question on the numbers that you've given for '08 ex-trading. You said $1.40 to $1.45, excluding the over-delivery of trading and merchandising, correct? 
Chris Klinefelter :  Good morning, Ken. This is Chris. That's the current call on it. The final piece of it will depend on the mix of earnings in the fourth quarter but we wanted to give you some insight on what we're thinking right now, so yes.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: Now, that includes $200 million, right? So it's not including the over-delivery but it's including the delivery of trading and merchandising, right? But, there won't be a $200 million in FY09 of the $1.55 you're forecasting?
Chris Klinefelter :  That's correct. The $1.40 to $1.45 assumes you're removing the over-delivery.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: Just making sure that apples to apples, if I wanted to compare the $1.40 to $1.45 to the $1.55, I should remove about $200 million from that $1.40 to $1.45 range?
Chris Klinefelter :  That's correct.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Second question is on the consumer foods business. How much of a buy in do you think you got this quarter? I mean, it was great to see volume up and pricing up at the same time, but it's always an issue whether retailers will buy in ahead of time. Can you quantify that in any way for us?
Gary Rodkin:  Yes. We clearly believe that is not the case. Pricing took effect at the end of the first month of Q4, so the volume doesn't transcend quarters, but we were very firm in monitoring the customer orders and in fact we turned back a significant number of orders that were beyond normal quantities and importantly, our orders post-advance had not dropped sharply.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: Two brands, ReddiWip and Chef Boyardee that have some innovation, have some new products out there, declined during the quarter. I'm curious what that says about your forthcoming R&D efforts. Can you talk a little bit about the sustainability of some of the new products that may be coming out in the next few months? I mean, more like Steamers, which is something truly new, or is it more like line extensions, like ReddiWip Chocolate, that may not be as sustainably advantageous to you?
Gary Rodkin:  Ken, first, I don't think we had any innovation on ReddiWip that I'm aware of. That brand clearly suffered from being off the air. We had no television advertising as we were working on a new campaign and we know that business is very responsive to it so that is the primary reason on ReddiWip. On Chef Boyardee, we had a reasonable month. That's a very, very big brand for us and we're very confident that that will continue to be a strong performer.
Andre Hawaux:
 : Ken, I would add just one thing. I think as I mentioned in my comments also that what you're looking and what you have access to largely is syndicated data. One of the things you have to remember for both of those brands but specifically Chef, we have a strong presence in what I'd call non-syndicated or non-measured channels and our business was very strong in those areas. 
Operator:   From Cleveland Research, we have the line of Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research: Congratulations on the sale. Skipping then to food and ingredients, because you had kind of a similar surprise in commodity cost benefit there with the gains on wheat. Can you quantify at all how much of that was that wheat gain and if that would carry into the next quarter?
Chris Klinefelter :  Good morning, Christine. This is Chris. I'm going to start. If I understood your question right let me tell you that the delivery in milling from items that you're mentioning is in the range of $40 million. We are comfortable with that being our base to compare next year. Some of that gain came from mark-to-market, some of it came from futures positions. Greg Heckman is with us and I'm going to see if he wants to expand on anything I've said.
Greg Heckman:  Yes, definitely expect the volatility in the wheat markets to continue. The team did a great job of managing through that risk. We continue to see kind of a normal seasonality and I think as Chris said that will be in our base next year. It will be tough to predict exactly what quarter and what opportunity will fall but we're real pleased with the innovation in that business and how that team continues to execute in this environment.
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research: Just in terms of Lamb Weston there are you seeing any slowdown in their sales given the weakness in food service or is it that that business largely serves quick serve, which isn't maybe as weak and therefore doesn't have the same exposure?
Gary Rodkin:
 : Christine, we're very comfortable Lamb Weston momentum continues and they just do a great job from a customer service and a quality standpoint so their momentum continues.
Chris Klinefelter:   Christine I'd add to that they have a very broad portfolio. Not only do they service QSR. They are across the food chain on the food service area. They also have a very strong global footprint and a global business and we're seeing a lot of positive from that position where they are in the global marketplace as well.
Operator:   We have a signal from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Good morning. A quick question on the timing of the share repurchase with the proceeds from the sale of trading and merchandising. Would it be reasonable to expect you guys to do an accelerated share buy back as you did with a portion of proceeds from the refrigerated meats back a couple of years ago? Or should we expect to see the share repurchase more ratably over the year next year?
Andre Hawaux:  Were going through that analysis right now. I believe that your assumption on us being in the marketplace with an accelerated share repurchase is probably spot on. That would be something we would be looking to do when the windows and the opportunity opens up.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Both you and Gary alluded to the significant working capital benefit from not having the trading and merchandising business and the benefit thats going to have to operating cash flow. Wondering if you can be a little bit more specific as to give us some sort of range of how much working capital has been tied in the business over the past 12 months?
Chris Klinefelter:   As we talked about, I think earlier comments were made around the magnitude of year-over-year in the neighborhood of $700 million plus of more invested capital, which is largely in that space, largely working capital year on year. So were still finalizing our fiscal year 2009 plans obviously now without that business to take a look at what that will be. But as I said, we should see a significant reduction in the working capital of the new ConAgra Foods as we move forward, largely because that business does require a lot of working capital to deliver the EPS that it delivers.
Operator:   We now welcome a question from Citi Investment Research and David Driscoll. 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Gary, Id like to start off with a question on the consumer foods and then I do have a follow-up on trading and merchandising. But within consumer foods, obviously we saw fairly massive margin contraction year on year. When I do the numbers ex item, ex recall cost Ive got consumer food op margins down about 560 basis points. When you look at the pricing that you have taken, what does it say for margins in the fourth quarter and for next year? Is it enough to keep those margins, get them back to where they were basically in 07?
Gary Rodkin:   David, as I said before, we were going to be late in the pricing game because of our two recalls and our operational issues. Once we got past all that, I said that we would take major pricing actions and that round of pricing which covered over 95% of our consumer portfolio took place or took effect this past Monday.  Our plan, to your question, is to deliver gross margin improvement versus a year ago in Q4 and to see gross margin dollars improvement in Q4 versus a year ago and to see the full effect hit in Q1.  Importantly, from this point forward, its going to be a very different story. Much more pricing discipline, our operating leaders are laser focused on ensuring that our net pricing ongoing cost savings cover inflation in real time. Pricing is no longer an event, per sae, its more an ongoing strategy to ensure that were driving profitable growth. 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Second question on consumer foods, Gary, is when you came to the company I think there was fairly high hopes that your background would lend extremely to the marketing side of the firm. When you came in, you made very strong comments that necessarily the marketing wasnt maybe as effective or as smart as it otherwise could be. A lot of the comments were qualitative. Can you update us on whats been happening on the marketing side, what do you think of the marketing? Do the dollars need to go up again? Whats the status?
Gary Rodkin:  Yes, I think David, that I am seeing significant progress from an effectiveness standpoint and I can point to a number of brands. I think maybe the best example is a brand that probably hasnt been marketed or advertised for several decades -- thats Hunts -- and there when we went back on the air with a campaign that has scored exceedingly well weve really seen a major uptick in the business and its helped us to not only grow the business but to gain share and really build some momentum. That would be a really good example.  Ive talked a lot before about several other brands, like Hebrew National and Marie Callender, but I can tell you across the board, we have dramatically raised the bar on the effectiveness and the impact of the marketing, which is one of the reasons that were so confident that we can really drive this consumer foods business on a sustainable profitable growth basis. 
Operator:   Thank you. We transition to Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Congratulations and I really think its appropriate because most companies, the management tends to sell poorly operating businesses at the low as opposed to selling businesses that are at the high and fixing what isnt working, so I think that needs to be said.  Just to try to, Andre, pro forma a little bit more. I know this is a little bit tough right now because obviously the numbers are probably still coming together, but it looks like youll have roughly $11 billion to lets say $12 billion in sales on the ongoing business and trying to make some adjustment for the corporate expense line, maybe a 10% EBIT margin. Are those reasonable assumptions and what kind of tax rate should we put on the ongoing company? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Andre Hawaux:   Well let me try to get the back half of that question. I think the tax rate we're looking at, because the mix of business will be slightly different, will perhaps be around, we're modeling some things around 36% as of late. So that's what I think you should take a look at, with respect to the tax rate.  With respect to your previous question, I think we see our operating margins, I think you were talking about 10%, we seem them in the low teens. I think I missed your question relative to corporate expenses.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Obviously corporate expense is a big number and I just didn't know how much of that was tied into the trading business and maybe that's the difference between the 9 to 10 versus the 11 that you're talking about on EBIT percentage basis. 
Andre Hawaux:   Yes, I think we're still working through right now the specifics of that, I think you're alluding to something akin to [inaudible] cost to determine how much of that corporate overhead was, in fact, managed against that business. So we're still going through that, but we do believe that some of the things we're working through relative to looking at the organization and simplifying some of our things I think we'll get to taking out the required amount of costs that we have up against that business.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Gary, now going forward that you've made this move, I mean in terms of things like return on invested capital, other profitability and growth measures, is there any reason why we shouldn't hold you and your senior management team to the typical package food names that people mention? I mean is that how you think we should judge you going forward?
Gary Rodkin:  Eric, on a go-forward basis we have continued to say we believe that over time -- and I can't give you and exact timeframe -- that we will reach the peer group average from a margin standpoint. When I say peer group I mean folks like General Mills, Campbell, Kraft et cetera. So I really do believe that. We still have a portfolio that's a little bit different but I really do believe that you're going to see us make progress on that journey.
Operator:   We'll go to an open line from Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman. 
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : Off of David Driscoll's question about your consumer margins, they were about 12% this quarter. Is there any reason, given your business mix, they couldn't to say 15%, 16%?
Gary Rodkin:
 : Well again, really in this pricing environment we need to talk more about absolute dollars because obviously the numerator and the denominator change so it's important, but we really do believe that we will continue to close the gap, grow the margins and a significant part of that, you will start to see a bit of that in Q4. As the full effect of the pricing takes place, you'll see it in Q1 and throughout next year.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : Can you tell us how large the pricing is that you have taken?
Andre Hawaux: For the quarter we just posted, Bill, it was...
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : Would you have the fourth quarter, the new pricing?
Andre Hawaux:   What we have coming and the increment that we're looking in the mid-single digits range.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : 5%?
Andre Hawaux:   I'd say slightly north of 5%.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : And you said it's on 95% of your products?
Andre Hawaux:   Yes.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman : The other question I had, on fiscal '09 guidance, I know it's tough but can you provide any sort of guidance for interest expense and shares outstanding.
Andre Hawaux:   Yes. We're working through some of those things. I think shares will depend on what we repurchase shares at. But we're working with some models right now that give us a significant amount of our shares bought back. We're looking at shares in the 460 million shares outstanding range. But again, this is very preliminary, will depend on where we buy back shares, et cetera; depends on how we allocate the proceeds between shares and debt buy down.
Operator:   Turning now to Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : I had some questions for you, first one would be that we've heard about some price points going into place that are going in place now where there will be a lot of protection of those promotions into fiscal '09. Is that something that you can talk about or something you intend to do to try and stimulate sales growth in the short run and then ease into the price increase?
Chris Klinefelter:   No Chris, that is absolute not the case for us. We are not protecting price points. All of our go-forward this quarter and into next year are all at the new price. There is no protection of deals.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : I just wanted to confirm on a separate topic, will we have trading profits in the fourth quarter?
Chris Klinefelter:   We will still see trading profits until we close the transaction.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : My last question just is relative to the sales gap between what you've reported and what we read through IRI and we fully understand the non-measured channels that would indicate huge growth in non-measured channels. That gap though was quite wide this quarter. You seem to indicate there was no real buy-in in the quarter so is it simply the data we cannot see, the non-measured channels?
Chris Klinefelter:   It really is. We're growing extraordinarily well in those channels and also I think it's important to know that we're fixing the mix in some of our categories as I spoke earlier on frozen.
Operator:   From Credit Suisse we go to Robert Moskow. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : I was looking at the Nielsen data and I know it doesn't measure all the channels again. But I thought that ConAgra had been losing a lot of market share to private label in several categories and in 2007 this kind of continued, but it included egg substitutes, peanut butter, whipped cream, meat, snacks, popcorn, cooking oil and they seem to stand out among other packaged food companies where I thought the private label share gains were more muted. Now you're taking another round of pricing in the fourth quarter. Can you tell me if private label in those categories has also taken pricing? Is that part of what gives you confidence that you could take the pricing too?
Chris Klinefelter:   Yes obviously it varies by category but clearly we are starting to see private label take more pricing and clearly their cost of goods is, as a portion of their total pricing, is bigger than branded items. In other cases like I think you said meat snacks there is a place where our business is extremely skewed toward unmeasured channels like convenience stores and that's why you see some different stories. 
Andre Hawaux:
 : Robert I'd also just add one thing. As we look at, and again, you may be looking at slightly different reports than we do but we kind of evaluate there's a lot of categories we play in. But of the top 15 categories we play in with the exception of popcorn right now all the private label shares that we're dealing with are slightly down. So again we'll probably have to go offline to reconcile between what you're looking at and what we're looking at but we do not see the same trends that you're seeing in our top 15 categories.
Doug Knudsen: We also make private label but we've seen some categories where we're watching very carefully like eggs and toppings where we expect our competitors to make some moves and they haven't. So we're watching those very carefully. But for the most part, we have not seen significant trends like you're talking about on private label.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Bob Cummins - Shields & Company. 
Bob Cummins - Shields & Company : I just wanted to ask you a little about the accounting for the divestiture. It seems to me when the deal closes it's a pretty clean break, it's a freestanding business within the company; you've always reported the numbers separately, and would this qualify as a discontinued operation? 
Chris Klinefelter:   Bob, I'm sorry, we're having difficulty hearing you.
Bob Cummins - Shields & Company : I'm sorry, I'm just wondering if you'll account for this as a discontinued operation going forward so people will be able to have a comparable prior year figure to relate to.
Andre Hawaux:   Bob, yes this is Andre, yes we will, effective in the fourth quarter we'll start treating this as a discontinued operation.
Operator:   We're joined by Ann Gurkin - Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport : I wanted to ask in relation to your '09 outlook, what are you including in there for inflation costs?
Andre Hawaux:   Mid to high single digits I believe is what we currently have in the plan.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport : Off of an 08 base?
Andre Hawaux:   Correct.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport : Okay, and we saw a nice pick up in volume for your priority brands, can you talk about what's driving that? Is it marketing, is it innovation, and what's your target for volume growth for those brands in '08?
Gary Rodkin:   The priority brands clearly are driven by both: more effective marketing as I talked about brands like Hunts, Marie Callender and others, and innovation brands like Healthy Choice, Orville Redenbacher. So we do believe that we've got very strong marketing, very strong innovation for our priority brands next year. Our algorithm of 4 to 5 on the top line and 8 to 10 on the bottom line is dependent on those priority brands growing while we really drive the base and no longer chase the cases.
Operator:   We'll go to Lehman Brothers and Eric Miller.
Eric Miller - Lehman Brothers : Could you give us any more color? In the different press releases that went out today, the word primarily keeps coming up around this $1.4 billion of after-tax proceeds and in some spots, it's slipped in there that there could be some toward debt reduction and internal investment opportunities.  Then we look at fiscal of '09 guidance, in the outlook section of the press release it talks about some of the EPS benefits is from largely using that cash for share repurchases. Is there any kind of range you can give us you can give us with that reduction? Are we talking about $100 million here or is this upwards of $500 million and what kind of debt are you looking to pay down? Is it short term debt or possibly tendering some high coupon debt? Any color on that would be very helpful.
Andre Hawaux:   Let me try to get the first part of your question. I think the reason we're saying primarily is that the function of what the proceeds will be at closing will depend on the working capital in that business. As we've said it's book value of that business plus $600 million so that will fluctuate a little bit.  We haven't yet come down to exact numbers that we will be allocating towards share repurchase and public debt reduction. It can go anywhere in the 65 to 35 range, 70/30, 75/25. We haven't come through exactly with what that's going to be. So you can apply those percentages against the $1.4 billion.  Obviously we are going to look at potentially looking at public debt paydown and we'll obviously go after the high coupon rate stuff we can actually get effectively so we can continue to reduce our interest expense going forward. So we're still working through those pieces. 
Eric Miller - Lehman Brothers : Can you tell us, is there any kind of debt to EBITDA goal that you're working towards? Your credit ratings are mid to high BBB, but is there a firm rating goal, debt to EBITDA goal, some sort of metric you're looking to, to manage your business to post the sale of this business?
Andre Hawaux:   I dont know that we have. We want to be obviously solid investment grade. We believe we have that kind of rating today. So we don't, particularly to your first question, I don't know that we have a goal in mind but we want to maintain a solid investment grade credit rating. 
Operator:   A follow-up from Merrill Lynch and Eric Serotta. 
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to circle back on the fourth quarter consumer foods expectations. Last year you had a sharp sequential decline third quarter to fourth quarter. If I remember correctly, that was driven by a lot of slotting fees and pre-launch or trade expense related to the full plate of new products you were launching. Is it fair to think that this year we may see a very different trend given the incremental pricing that you're taking and the absence of those negatives from last year?
Chris Klinefelter:   I'm going to start and say that while there was some concentrated marketing investment in last year's fourth quarter, we haven't decided on all the variables about this year's fourth quarter. But I want to anchor our previous comments about our expectations really more at the gross profit line. Our expectation is that the pricing and the top line performance would put us in a positive gross margin dollar comparisons versus last year.  So when you're talking about the lower profits last year that was largely an A&P issue. We have not decided on all of that for this year's fourth quarter. But due to the pricing that we're talking about we're expecting positive gross margin dollars. 
Operator:   Were back with David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : Great, thanks a lot. Two questions, the first question is on joint venture earnings. Correct me if Im wrong, but that number was up just enormously year-on-year and I think in that business theres a grain trading operation, is that operation part of the sale?
Gary Rodkin:   So, yes, our equity joint venture earnings were very, very solid. They were really focused in two areas, David youll probably discuss [Calarna] which is in fact part of the sale. The other strong growth we had was in our European potato operation with Lamb Weston Mayer which is also very, very strong year-on-year. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : Can you give us some guidance then, what would be the joint venture earnings excluding the operation thats going to be sold?
Andre Hawaux:   The guidance going forward, Id rather you let us put our fiscal year 2009 plans together and when we share with you how weve put those together in the fourth quarter, well share that with you. I dont want to provide guidance right now as to what our JVs are going to look like going forward yet. 
Chris Klinefelter:   But David, I think its important to note that we have built that in to our algorithm, the JV, the [Calarna] earnings as part of what we talk about when we have built the base numbers in for trading. 
Operator:   Banc of America Securities and Tom Travio.
Tom Travio - Banc of America Securities: I appreciate your comments about wanting to maintain your solid investment grade rating and was hoping you could just talk for a minute about why thats important and the benefits that you gain from that?
Chris Klinefelter:
 : Well honestly, the benefits that we gain from it is when we access the capital markets to do things in the marketplace, our investment grade rating, solid investment grade ratings, allows us access to funds and it reduces our, ultimately, cost of debt. So I think that probably goes without saying why thats very important for us as an organization. 
Tom Travio - Banc of America Securities: As a company, do you guys access the commercial paper market often?
Chris Klinefelter:   Well versus some of our peers, were not probably as a big a player as some, but we do use it and as I mentioned in my remarks, we were pretty actively in the third quarter in order to support the working capital needs that we had as an organization. So were in to the markets periodically, we werent there much in fiscal year 2007 but the last couple of quarters we have been a much more active participant in the commercial paper markets. 
Operator:   You have a question from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Did you say how much marketing was up for consumer foods in the quarter? Related to that, can you talk about trade promotion? Was that up? Do you expect it to be down in 09?
Chris Klinefelter:   Company wide A&P was down less than $10 million. Trade promotion was up, but keep in mind Gary's remarks about our peanut butter re-introduction and our trial and that had a fair amount to do with it. 
Gary Rodkin:   Yes, as we look into next year, it will actually be going down. 
Operator:   There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: This concludes today's call and as a reminder, this call is being recorded and archived on the web as detailed in our news release. We are available for discussions and we thank you very much for your interest in our company.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-12-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  GaryH. Rodkin  CEO AndreJ. Hawaux  CFO ChristopherW. Klinefelter  V.P. Investor Relations DeanHollis  President, Consumer Operations GregHeckman  President, Commercial Operations
Analysts:  DavidDriscoll - Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch KenGoldman - Bear Stearns ChristineMcCracken - Cleveland Research  RobertMoskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AndrewLazar - Lehman Brothers PabloZuanic - J.P. Morgan Jim Lane - TRI Asset Management JeffKanter  UBS 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to todays ConAgra Foods second quarter earningsconference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time Id like to introduceyour host for todays program Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgraFoods. Please go ahead Mr. Rodkin.
Gary Rodkin: Good morning, this is Gary Rodkin and Im here with Andre Hawaux our CFO andChris Klinefelter our V.P. of Investor Relations. Im going to start with a fewwords about the EPS we just posted and the main drivers of the performance.After that Andre will discuss more specifics about financial matters and thenwell take your questions. Dean Hollis, President of Consumer Operations andGreg Heckman, President of Commercial Operations will join us for that portionof the call. Before we get started Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During todays remarks we will make some forward-lookingstatements and while were making those statements ingood faith and our confident about our companys direction, we donot have any guarantee about theresults we will achieve soif you would like to learn more about therisks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will referyou to the documentswe filed with the SECwhich include cautionary language. Also we will bediscussing some non-GAAP financial measures during thecall today and thereconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can befound on our website atwww.investorconagrafoods.comunder the FinancialReports and Filings link and inchoosing non-GAAP reconciliations. Now Ill turn itback over to Gary.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks Chris. We just released EPS of $0.50 for the quarter which includes$0.03 of costs from the recent pot pie recall. Thats a very strong quarterlyEPS, certainly higher than what we had originally expected. However, the sourceof the earnings growth was different from what we had originally planned. In anutshell, our Commercial operations meaning our Food and Ingredient segment andour Trading and Merchandising segment posted absolutely outstandingperformance. The comparable operating profit numbers for those segments werefar better than what we had planned. Most importantly the over delivery fromthose operations more than offset the margin pressures in our largest segment,consumer food. It is allowing us to take our full year fiscal 2008 EPSexpectations up.  While there was plenty of progress in Consumer Foods for important brandsoverall the performance for that business is not where it needs to be. I am notsatisfied with it but I am satisfied with the way we are going to address it inthe back half of the year. You know from our previous comments that ourpriorities for the Consumer Food segment are to grow the bottom line throughhealthy top line performance. That involves appropriate pricing actions; volumegrowth through innovation, better marketing and more focused selling and ofcourse improving the efficiency of our product supply operations. Those are thecornerstones of our agenda for this segment, to achieve its potential. Illtouch on all of those in my discussion of this segments quarterly performanceand our near term outlook. Consumer Foods posted a decent top line performance this quarter, unitvolumes and sales were up 3% on a comparable basis. A pretty solid numberespecially given some significant distractions. As most of you know, were veryfocused on more affective marketing and meaningful innovation. Our brandperformance this quarter shows were making progress. A number of priorityinvestment brands including Chef Boyardee, Egg Beaters, Healthy Choice, HebrewNational, Marie Callenders, PAM, Reddi-wip, Slim Jim, Snack Pack and otherscontinue to post solid growth validating our assessment of their opportunity. Demand for Healthy Choice Caf Steamers has been extremely strong, certainlymore than we forecast. Were adding more capacity as we speak and with currenttrends we expect annual sales of that product line to be well north of $100million as well look into fiscal 09 and beyond. Thats a huge success, werevery excited about it and I congratulate our team on finding a sweet spot withconsumers in this important platform and technology. Now a few words about pricing. We did take some pricing in Q1 and even morein Q2, the obvious question is why dontwe have more benefit from pricing in Q2? Well we took pricing up just as wesaid wed do, we also had some aggressive trade promotion spending that offsetmost of it and negatively weighed on the price mix spread. That trade promotionspending was done to protect trade commitments to customers for some heavilypromoted categories. Overall the quarters level of trade spend was too highbut it was done for a reason. I want to be fully transparent on this, brutallycandid; it was designed to keep customer relationships healthy in light ofcustomer service shortfalls resulting from our two recalls in the past year, aswell as changes we were making in our manufacturing network. I am confident thedynamics going forward will be different and Ill talk more about that in amoment. Regarding mix, the fact that our Enabler brands which on average have alower price per case grew 5% while our Priority brands grew about 2.5% createsa negative sales mix. As we go forward our plans are firmly in place to beaggressive on our pricing actions and more disciplined on our trade spendingbecause what really counts is net realized price for the overall portfolio. Ournet pricing will start to improve in Q3 and will improve significantly in Q4and into fiscal 09. Believe me, Ive spend considerable time with ouroperating people these past few months, getting into granular detail on theirpricing actions. Im convinced our execution will be far better than what weveseen to date. This is part of our continuing evolution toward becoming a morefinely tuned operating company which I consider as my number one personalpriority. Were still building muscles and we expect the evidence to be clearas we get closer to year-end.  Moving on to Consumer Foods profits, the real issue is inflation. Our costof goods sold increased by almost $100 million. Let me emphasize, thatsinflation of more than 8% and while we did generate meaningful cost savings inthe range of $60 million, thats still leaves a big gap. Another importantpoint is the production and startup inefficiencies we discussed in the firstquarter which negatively impacted us in the range of $30 million then, were nowhere near as significant this quarter nor do we believe they will be significantin the back half of the year. Those production inefficiencies stemmed fromtaking on too many transformational supply chain projects simultaneously. Wespread our resources too thinly. These same issues are relevant to our customer service metrics. We missedsome sales due to our service shortfalls. Thats also relevant to where oursales growth was only okay this quarter as opposed to very good like we saw inQ1. I think its important to note that our service issues were concentrated ina few key manufacturing areas rather than any issue with our overall systems orlogistics. In other words, were well on the way to resolution of those hiccupsand importantly theres no systemic issue.  Ill move on to our Food and Ingredient segment. Comparable sales were updouble digits and comparable profits up more than 40%. Lamb Weston benefitedduring the quarter from continued momentum, appropriate pricing actions as wellas strong export volumes and good response to their appetizer innovations. Asusual they continued the exemplary and efficiencies in customer service. LambWeston is our single biggest brand and we certainly consider it one of our mostimportant core businesses and we look for continuing high impact results. Alsoin the Food and Ingredient segment, our milling operations are dealing withmuch higher input costs which they have largely passed on as higher pricesduring the quarter. Theyre also very focused on expanding their value-addedproduct lines, like Ultra Grain and [Susta] Grain and running very efficientoperations.  So I congratulate the entire Food and Ingredients team on a stellarperformance for the quarter and more broadly Id like to recognize them as amodel of collaboration in their approach to new business and customer service opportunities.They do a great job with an outstanding product and service portfolio and astrong understanding of our customer service needs. One recent example of thisis our work with McDonalds to develop the new McSkillet Burrito, a breakfastburrito that includes several of our ingredients; Lamb Weston potatoes, GilroyFoods controlled moisture vegetables and Spicetec seasonings. This is a majornew national breakfast item for McDonalds, supported by a national ad campaignand this product demonstrates our ability to leverage our portfolio andreputation for strong customer service to find new avenues for growth.  Our Trading and Merchandising operation posted another very, very strongquarter. Profits there were almost 4X last years dollar amounts. The resultsspeak for themselves. We did very well in fertilizer and agriculturalmerchandising during the quarter. Our folks have capitalized on [near] anddemand opportunities and market volatility. Energy also did well during thequarter but not quite up to last years levels. Given that this is a Tradingand Merchandising operation, and that each quarter presents a new set ofopportunities and a different set of positions, its difficult to offerpredictions for this business. Therefore we dont plan for repeats of quarterslike these, which is why our guidance assumes more conservative levels ofprofits in the back half of the year.  Our International operations showed some traction with pricing and goodresults in key categories like popcorn and canned pasta and we look forward todeveloping more momentum as time goes on.  Let me switch to afew broader topics. Most of you know we arevery excited about our innovation pipeline. When I joined thecompany a little overtwo years ago, the newproduct pipeline was pretty empty. We have been very focused on building thatpipeline and making our plans for gradual introductions into themarketplace. We had around of product introductions late summer and will have another mid winter,some of which well discuss atCAGNY.  Another item Id like to touch on is senior leadership. As many of you knowwho follow us closely during the quarter we had two announcements about seniorteam members. The first is Dean Hollis, currently President and COO of ConsumerFoods and International who will lead the company this summer as he searchesfor a CEO job. Dean has spent 20 years at ConAgra Foods making a hugecontribution and wants to lead a company so he has made his desires public andis beginning his search. I appreciate his openness and his commitment to asmooth transition. Dean wanted to do this in a way that minimized disruptionfor all involved, so he has agreed to help transition for six more months. Another significant senior team announcement was that [King Powel] whoheaded our IT and Product Supply Operations is leaving the company to go backto his former employer. We appreciate Kings contributions while he was here.Weve split his job into two separate functions; one is the informationsystems, which will now be lead by [Garrett Chetay] our new Chief InformationOfficer, a very strong veteran of ConAgra Foods is going on ten years with usand has been a key leader in our very successful general ledger SAP conversionprocess. Garrett will report in to Andre Hawaux, our CFO.  Weve also promoted Greg Smith formerly Senior Vice President of ProductSupply to now run the entire Product Supply organization and report directly tome. Gregs been with us for six years across several senior roles and developeda strong background in Consumer Products operations even before he joined us in2001. Greg has had [inaudible] responsibility for our Grocery business in thepast and has been a very valuable senior leader of the Product Supply team. Ihave full confidence in Greg and am certain we wont miss a beat.  Before I turn it over to Andre Ill close by saying that weve taken ourfull years diluted EPS expectations up. We now expect to be slightly above$1.55 excluding the pot pie recall costs and the other items impactingcomparability which is obviously an increase from the $1.48 or so we wereoriginally planning on the same basis. The Consumer Foods progress that wereplanning for is now more concentrated in the fourth quarter and into the firstpart of 09. Thats a little later than we thought originally and it mostly hasto do with the execution of our pricing actions. We continue to be convincedthat there are substantial earnings growth opportunities in better brandmanagement and more efficient operations and thatll be apparent in the numbersgoing forward. While we cant control inflation, we can control execution andthats exactly what were focused on and where Im rolling up my sleeves andspending a significant amount of my own time to ensure we deliver our commitments.Now Ill turn it over to Andre.
Andre Hawaux: Thanks very much Gary and goodmorning everyone. I will hit on what I consider to be some importanthighlights. The main areas I will touch on are operating trends, earningsguidance and capital items.  With respect to operating trends a $0.50 quarter including $0.03 of recallcosts is very strong. I congratulate our Food and Ingredients and our Tradingand Merchandising teams on their outstanding results. The operating profitperformance for those businesses was excellent. It defined our quarter andprovided us the ability to take the year up.  Our Consumer Food segment also had some bright spots with important brandsand sizeable cost savings initiatives. The production inefficiencies we sawearlier in the year improved this quarter. All that is certainly good, howeverto reiterate Garys points, we needto be more aggressive on pricing. More aggressive price increases are plannedfor the balance of the fiscal year, most significantly in our fourth quarter. Inflationin Consumer Foods was slightly north of 8%, thats more severe than we hadexpected when we put our 2008 plans together and while we have a robust agendaof cost savings, it cannot offset 8% inflation. Thats simply too steep a hillto climb.  And while Im on the topic of cost savings I would like to go out of my wayto say that we had $60 million of costs savings this quarter and thats prettygood fuel. In a normal inflationary environment, that would be a net positive.This quarter was obviously different seeing as we had about $100 million ofinflation which drove our profit shortfall in that segment.  Now moving on to SG&A. As youve heard us say before SG&A expensereduction remains an important opportunity for the company. In this context Imnot talking about advertising and promotion but the other components ofSG&A. This quarter overall SG&A at our operating segments as well as atcorporate, trended higher on a comparable basis reflecting several factors butin no particular order they were the following. Investments and systems andprocesses as we strengthen and advance continuous quality improvementinitiative and continue to install our SAP suite of systems. Some negativeimpact on 4X derivatives we hold at corporate which is only a timing issue andwill reverse in quarters three and four. And then incentive accruals expenserelated to the Trading and Merchandising performance you saw in the quarter. OverheadSG&A expense reduction remains a key area of focus for us. It is one of mytop priorities as well as pricing and our back half will show significantdeceleration in that component of our SG&A. Moving on to earnings guidance, our current view is that EPS is excludingitems impacting comparability will be slightly above $1.55. Now given our fullyear guidance, you can get a sense of what we are expecting in the back half.Our Q1 was $0.34 excluding items impacting comparability, our Q2 was $0.53excluding items impacting comparability; thats a subtotal of $0.87. So giventhat the full year is expected to be slightly above $1.55 on the same basis,then were thinking the back half altogether is something close to $0.70excluding items impacting comparability. Thats a little less than currentconsensus. As an aside, we see the third quarter as having slightly more EPSthan the fourth quarter.  Building on comments I made during the Q1 call we expect our Consumer Foodsegment to show margin improvement in the back half of the fiscal year. I dontexpect margin improvement for Consumer Foods in Q3, it will likely be in Q4 andas we enter fiscal 2009. And while we expect to be at a much better run ratefor Q4, I dont expect it to make Consumer Foods fiscal 2008 full-year profitresults ahead of or equal to last years normalized operating profit dollars.  Another point Id like to make is that as most of you know, we have goneinto a fair amount ofspecificity in thepast on our costsavings goals by year, by source, et cetera. I want to sayclearly and definitively that we have lots of productivity to work with, plentyof runway to advance our goals, but theworld has changeda fair amount since wearticulated those goals. We arefinding that some of what we used to think as fixed opportunities may indeed be overshadowedby variable opportunities which changeour plans for plant closures. We areseeing our top line growfaster than we thought which begs theissue of the role ofsales and mix in ouralgorithm versus therole of cost savingsand we are seeinginflation at more thantwice what we thought last year atCAGNY when we shared our goals. Because of theimpact of inflation and pricing our margin percentage we need to instead focuson dollar goals. We arevery comfortable with our longer term EPS goals but thesource of the EPS growthmay end up being different, specifically meaning thecontributions of our top line versus thecontribution of costsavings so we need toavoid specifics and granularity on costgoals that we establish under very different circumstances. Over time we know that we can narrow our margin percentage gap with our peergroup and that goal is still relevant, but inflation and pricing movements inthe market slow progress on that metric.  Now moving on to the balance sheet and focusing on working capital. All workingcapital position increased significantly compared with last year. Our Tradingand Merchandising operations require working capital to pursue opportunitiesand as you can see from the quarters results, there have been severalprofitable opportunities for them. Combine that with the inflation-driven costincrease for many of our inventory components and you get significantly higherworking capital, some of which was funded by commercial paper in this quarter.Its normal for us to use a fair amount of working capital early in our year,typically in Q1 and Q2. Thats a function of our business mix and takingconcentrated deliveries of items like potatoes, tomatoes, wheat and garlic andstoring them after the harvest season. But our overall working capital usedthis quarter was higher than normal due to cost inflation and any opportunitiesfor our Trading and Merchandising segment. Over time working capital levelswill come down.  To repeat a point Ive made with many of you in the past, we wouldnt let ourTrading and Merchandising group utilize the capital if they hadnt demonstratedan excellent track record of providing strong returns on the capital put towork within strict risk controlled parameters. Our interest expense was $54million this quarter, higher than last year because of the short term debt usedto finance our working capital requirements. CapEx increased this quarter to$111 million from $66 million last year. That increase relates to our plantdeficiency and quality initiatives and some capacity expansion. Our currentthinking is that the year will now show approximately $475 million of CapExwhich is slightly higher than thought earlier driven by innovation and qualityinvestments.  Our dividends were $88 million, slightly below last years amount due to theimpact of our share repurchase program. Our tax rate projection for the year isbetween 34% and 35%. On another note, we received authorization from our Boardto purchase another $500 million of our stock in the future. Well act on thatas market conditions and operating cash flow allow. Given our working capitalused this quarter, free cash flow did not allow for share repurchases. Wellupdate you on this in the customary quarterly discussions we have.  Before I conclude, Ill mention that we passed an important milestone thisquarter when we converted our General Ledger to SAP and updated to the newestversion of Order to Cash in SAP. That transition went very, very well and Ithank all of our team for their efforts. As you know from Garysremarks earlier, I know have responsibility for IT. I have an outstanding teamhandling it led by our new CIO, [Garrett Chetay] and I look forward todiscussing additional progress in converting SAP into our plant network whichbegins in earnest in February. With that Ill conclude my remarks, wish you a warm holiday season. Thankyou for your interest in ConAgra Foods and now Ill turn it over to theOperator for questions and answers.
Operator: Our first question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research
David Driscoll  Citi InvestmentResearch: Thanks a lot, good morning everyone. Certainly congratulations on thequarter. Andre you made some prepared comments on cost savings and the plantclosures and I think that theres going to be a lot of questions that weregoing to get today on this, can we get a little further into it. Were youreally trying to tell us that you want to back away from your targeted monetarygoals for cost savings and if youre really saying that, I dont understand therationale for why. 
Andre Hawaux: Well Ill start the answer and I think maybe get some support from Chris, Ithink what Im trying to say is we have a long run rate on cost and a long runrate on productivity at ConAgra Foods. Thats not changing, but I think what wegot ourselves into a little bit of trouble in a different environment is thefact that we got into fixed and variable components and corporate components etcetera, et cetera, and that gives us therefore no flexibility to do whatsright. So I think we have a very long run rate. I think productivity is stillgoing to be one of our key drivers of our algorithm at ConAgra Foods but I donot want to keep getting trapped into this fixed and variable issue as we go forward.
David Driscoll  Citi InvestmentResearch: If we just simplify it then from our view on the outside you do whatever itis that you think is the right answer, but can you say that the aggregatebetween fixed and variable, however it ultimately determines I dont know thatI care, I just care that the aggregate dollar number actually turns out to besomewhere in the range of the prior expectations. Is that still true?
Chris Klinefelter: Morning David, Im going to start with that. Just to echo Andres point, wedo have a lot of productivity to work with. Youll remember these figures in2007 we generated about $275 million of cost savings to our cost of goods soldthrough the programs that youve heard us talk about. Fixed cost effortswerent really a big piece of that, this is really were talking aboutvariable, if you look at the run rate this year weve gotten $55 million in thefirst quarter and another $60 million in the second, that puts you at a yearsrun rate of $225 million so those comparisons are what they are. Like I said,we have a lot of fuel to work with, but referencing the things that weve goneinto in the past, probably isnt helpful given that circumstances have changed.
Gary Rodkin: And Dave, just to pile on one last comment, we are not backing off ourcommitment that were going to get our margins up to the comparable peer groupaverage over time in Consumer Foods so that stays constant as well as ourcommitment to the algorithm of 8% to 10%. 
David Driscoll  Citi InvestmentResearch: I hope I have time for one more question, Gary I just wanted to come and askyou a question here on the [Gold Store] initiative, I notice four categoriesthat showed up on sales declines within your additional disclosure, KidCuisine, Manwich, Orville and Pemmican, can you talk to us  Im kind ofsurprised to see really almost any category from Gold Store showing salesdeclines, what are your thoughts on whats driving this.
Gary Rodkin: Well I would tell you there are many other categories, Gold Store initiativeis doing extremely well. There are a couple of particular issues, for instanceon Manwich, thats just pure timing issue. We do have some issues that weredealing through on our Pemmican business but thats not really one of ourPriority brands. I think the most important one is popcorn and there we havebeen dealing with a one consumer issue on diacetyl and I dont want to go intoa lot of detail on that David, but what I can tell you is that we have nowremoved the diacetyl flavoring from all of our popcorn and that the packaging,the marketing and the P.R. will all commence very shortly and were confidentthat were going to gradually win back sales in this category, which isimportant to us because weve got a 40+ share. So Id say net net Gold Storedoing extremely well and maybe even more importantly a number of our Prioritybrands did show consistent growth this quarter. 
David Driscoll  Citi InvestmentResearch:
Operator: We go now to the offices of Merrill Lynch and Eric Serotta.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch : Morning, I wanted to follow-up on Daves question a little bit, Gary youcommented that youre not backing off on your commitment of getting to consumerpeer group operating margin over time, if I remember correctly the commitmentwas something in excess of something like 250 basis points of consumeroperating margin expansion from I think it was end of fiscal 07 to fiscal2010, are you backing away from that commitment now saying its doable but itwont be over the same time period?
Chris Klinefelter: Let me start with that Eric, the 250 basis points was the commitment fromsupply chains, that was the primary ingredient to the overall operating marginexpansion which was targeted to go from where we projected 07 at around 16 tobe 18 to 20 by the end of 2010. Thats what it would take for us to get to thepeer group margins. Now in an environment like what were seeing now, pricingand costs change the percentage margin structures. So we need to take some timeto see how that plays out, but to Garyspoint, we are committed to narrowing that gap over time. 
Gary Rodkin: I think its also really important to remember this is an industry issue,the inflation that weve got and we will be right in there with the peer group.We will take the appropriate action just like they will. 
Operator: We now go to Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns. 
Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns: Good morning, Im wondering itlooks like a lot ofyour high expectations for thefourth quarter and for next year arebuilt on pricing, but Im wondering how much elasticity youre factoring inthere? I mean we didnt seevolumes exactly shoot through theroof this quarter, even though your price gaps areprobably a littlewider than you want and even though trade promotion is probably higher than youwant. Im wondering why, Gary, youwere very optimistic about theturnaround for Consumer Foods inthe fourth quarter andnext year? What beyond thepricing is giving you such high hopes?
Gary Rodkin: Well first of all, on pricing, of course we always need to keep our eyesopen and watch theprice gaps and competitive movement but given thecontinued high level of inflation and somuch news and noiseabout the escalatinginput costs across almost allthe food commoditiesand materials and energy its avery, very different environment when we present our pricing actions.  Everybody, allcompetitors are underpressure including private label sothis makes us less nervous, much less nervous about passing on some significantpricing. Its just hard to argue with that logic.  But again back to your question, we have really three basic pieces that Iwould say areimportant to bepositive about, why we think we will really start to generate some momentum. Thatsmuch more effective marketing; were already seeing theeffects of that. Innovation, and clearly weve demonstrated already this year acouple of examples being our Caf Steamers and our Paninis and much morefocused execution across our entire operation whether thats focused selling orin our supply chainwhere well be lappingsome of the hiccupsthat we brought on ourselves by trying to dotoo much too quickly.  I think when I put that alltogether, it gives mea high degree ofconfidence that we will start to seethe Consumer Foodsbusiness move inthe right directionstarting in theback half and continuing into F09.
Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns: Okay and then just one more question; thecash generated by Trading and Merchandising, how doyou prioritize use of that? Is itexclusively to go back into Consumer Foods? And if so, is that more formarketing or more for R&D? I amjust wondering how you think about that?
Gary Rodkin: Well, I think clearly what weve said inthe past, Ken, is wewill look at thehighest ROI return projects and we have those that come up through theconsumer side of thebusiness, through marketing and innovation excellence. And then I would saythat there is also, we have been finding and you can seethe results of that,we have been finding alot of opportunities to expand our Food and Ingredients business, led by one ofour True Diamond brands, and that would beLamb Weston. We would look andprioritize our investments from over delivery inthat space against thehighest ROI project that this corporation hasto bring forward.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: And right now, what is that?
Gary Rodkin: Well, there are acouple of things. We would look atinnovation in terms ofwhat we are seeing goforward. I did sayLamb Weston as well; weve got some things that we aredoing both in thepotato space and then theappetizer space there. I think we willalways look at --weve said this before -- that share repurchase is also alens in which we take astrong look what theROI is on that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from ChristineMcCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Relative to your plant closures and your plans for thefuture, you did have obviously some management changesrelative to supply chainover the past year. Whenwe look at yourprogress in terms ofhow that process hasproceeded here over thelast year, relative to that is itthat you had the wrongplans from thebeginning or is itjust a function that themarket has actually changedrelative to your needs for theplant? Did you have theright plans, did you maybe movetoo quickly to redo your entire supply chainand plant system or is itthat as you pull back thecovers, you actually found more opportunity with different structures? Maybejust provide a littlecolor on that?
Gary Rodkin: Christine, I think thats avery fair question and I would answer it, two basic buckets and weve talkedabout both before. Thefirst is we truly did take on too much atonce. We got ahead of theheadlights, ahead of our own headlights with too many significanttransformation projects on theboard simultaneously and basically found when they reached acertain point that we had spread our resources to thinly. We clearly have gone back, rescoped andrephased and re-resourced those projects and we arenow starting to make progress on each one of those.  The other bigissue, unfortunately inthe space of ninemonths we had two recalls and that became amajor distraction for us. Its tough torebuild across theorganization and I have to behonest with you, that ittakes a lot ofresources; its like student body left, student body right when you have gotissues like this.  When we put that alltogether, I can tell you that thats behind us and we arenow moving forward. We have got muchbetter resource plans inplace and I am very,very confident that we aregoing to start to geton the path ofproductivity that we talked about. Thesedistractions, its been abit tough over thepast months, but we now seea light atthe end of thetunnel.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Now you have gone through amanagement changethere, you are inthe process of making acouple of additional management changes. That takes time I would assume to settle intoo; I mean, granted you aremoving some people internally. Is itthat you dont expect any disruption from allthese management changes?Did you maybe have thewrong guys by bringing inoutside people? How doyou look at yourcurrent management base, your senior managers and areyou comfortable with thepeople you have inplace now, or should we expect more turnover?
Gary Rodkin:  I can tell you Christine, I amextremely comfortable and as itpertains to product supply, Greg Smith, we arevery fortunate to beable to so smoothlytransition. Greg is extremely on top ofvirtually all of theissues having been avery senior player in theproduct supply organization and we truly wont miss abeat. Greg clearly is someone who hasdelivered outstanding results inhis last role, particularly intransportation and warehousing where inlarge part he was responsible for some of thesignificant hundreds of basis points of margin improvement that we put on theboard.  So we arevery fortunate, Greg hasalready hit the groundrunning, really basically no transition time, sowe are verycomfortable there. And then across theboard, I can tell you as we reiterate again, one of thereasons I have as much confidence inour future is because of thesenior management team Ive got.
Operator: Your next question comes from RobertMoskow  Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I wont take credit for this question, because itcame from a very smartclient of mine. You areproviding your traders with more capital and therefore, youre taking on morerisk but at thesame time, youre also saying that you expect your trading business tonormalize.  I dont profess to understand thetrading business as well as others, but if youre providing them with morecapital, does that mean that youre also expecting higher returns going forwardfrom those traders? Should we expect higher returns going forward from thosetraders?
Andre J. Hawaux :  Eric, let meanswer that in acouple of ways. First as we have alwayssaid, we plan very conservatively. So wedont have a crystalball and look to replicate these terrific earnings, but themarket will dictate what happens.  Second, we have extremely strong controls inplace on this business. So, we arenot rolling the diceshooting for themoon. We clearly have control mechanismsfrom a VAR, value atrisk, standpoint daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and thecontrol mechanisms go right up through Andre, our CFO.  I can tell you this is abusiness that has doneexceedingly well inthis environment, and I have got Greg Heckman right here with me, maybe hecan give a little morecolor.
Greg Heckman: Yeah, Ill probably just put afiner point on Andres comment that you referred to about using additionalworking capital inthis quarter. I think Andrs point was, you saw higher working capital, youalso saw the returnsfor that. Sothat is a decisionthat we can make very much inthe short-term basedon opportunity. Sothat will go into our planning.  There areabsolutely higher prices across theboard which is part of it, but we also saw increased volume inthe inventory, inthe put through, inour fertilizer and inour grain areas, inour physical distribution businesses. So, thats really what we aretalking to and we will size theworking capital as well as therisk capital to ensure we getappropriate risk adjusted returns.
Andre J. Hawaux :  I would just end by saying we expectattractive returns, but thecapital will vary up and down based on theopportunities. So, itreally isnt about adesire to take on more risk, its adesire to earn more money for thecompany.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Well, let me askyou about fertilizer. What kind ofassets do you have infertilizer merchandising? I mean, doyou have warehouses, doyou have access to ports, doyou have just excellent business connections, and you can setup trades around theworld? What doyou have?
Gary Rodkin: We are one of theleading importers of liquid and dry fertilizers into North America,we are one of thelargest sourcers of basic fertilizer components. We have one of thebest wholesale distribution systems here inNorth America which is ahuge market and growing with thefood and fuel convergence, as well as what weve seen going on with acreagesand yields.  So we have avery good distribution business, avery good position, and customer suppliers as well as people on theconsuming side that arecustomers that were helping connect thevalue chain forthem.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Now, the UATbusiness that you guys sold several years agojust got sold again for maybe three or four times theoriginal value. Doyou think that your assets infertilizer are worth threeor four times more than they were?
Andre J. Hawaux :  These arevery different businesses. Remember, UATis primarily a retail,theyre in theseed business selling thetechnology there, theyre inthe chemical, andtheyre in theretail fertilizer. We have awholesale commodity fertilizer distribution business soits a very strongbusiness, you really cant compare thetwo.
Operator:  Your next question comes from EricKatzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I think thecomments that you made and theoutlook on theconsumer business are industrywideand they are logicaland it makesense. But, theoverwhelming questions that I getactually revolve around thetrading group, somewhat of afollow up on Robs questioning.  How do you suggest wevalue that business with theunderstanding that you arebeing cautious and logically conservative as to what goes forward> I dont wantto point you into some of theparts analysis, but how dowe kind of capitalize thevalue thats being created out of that business?
Chris Klinefelter: I dont know that were ina position to craftsome type of dialog or external valuation of that business. That would bebeyond the scope ofthis discussion. But what I will sayis that, obviously that business create earnings fuel that is as Andrediscussed earlier, itis real money, it can beused for either innovation or A&P investments, itcan also be used tobuyback stock. So, thats about theextent of the commentsI can offer on that right now.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: What percentage of that business would you sayreally acts as aninternal hedge on what you use inthe other parts of thebusiness as opposed to being lets saya little bit more on therisky side? Can you saythat?
Chris Klinefelter: Let me start withone and I hope I amanswering your question. When you seethe results for whatwe print externally for thesegment, those are proprietaryactivities. They may betrading the way you arethinking of it, they may bemerchandising the wayyou are thinking ofit, there may beservice revenues that we have with other providers who need help withprocurement and we can play alogistics or service role.  When we are doingthings that require or that involve hedges for thecore operations, thebenefit of those activities arereflected in thesegment results themselves. Sothere is not a need totake the resultsproper from trading and merchandise and then re-segment them. But, however, before I end it, I want to saythat the intellectualcapital that we have, theexpertise to advise on that certainly is sitting inthe trade group andthey are avery valuable resource.
Operator: Your next question comes from EricSerotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: I want to circle back on thecomments, Gary, that you made about some strained or temporarily strained traderelationships as aresult of some of thehiccups you had earlier inthe quarter. What gives you theconfidence in your beingable to get back towhere you were before these two recalls and these other customer service issuesby the end of thisyear?
Gary Rodkin:  Well, Im highly confident, one,because Im very much on aregular basis incontact with our sales team whos on thefront side of this with their customers as well as on customer calls mayitself. What itreally boils down to is improved service and we arealready on that path, weve made dramatic improvements here inthe last month or two,thats what really counts. Can wedeliver what we have promised, and we have corrected those situations.  So, I see thatreally as a temporaryblip. I think they appreciate theinnovation that were bringing, I think they appreciate theinsights, the GoldStore initiatives, and now its getting back to doing business theright way. Sothats really what gives us confidence and I think its bearing out inthe marketplace and wecan already see thathere in December.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: I hate to beat a deadhorse in terms of thetrading and merchandising operations, but there does seem to bethis disconnect between thecontinued very strong results that you arehaving, your statements that youre really not taking on significantly morerisk and yet your expectations for itto return to normalized levels of profitability over time. They just dont seem to logically add up that if you aretaking on more risk you would expect higher returns over time. Im just wondering whether there is anythingyou could give interms of additional disclosure as to capital employed inthat business on aquarter-to-quarter basis, some measure of risk, like value atrisk, I know it allcertainly has itsproblems associate with asimple VARcalculation.  But is there any additional disclosure that you could give us that wouldhelp us measure theadditional risk or thelevel of risk that you aretaking versus thereturns you aregenerating and thereturns implied inyour future guidance?
Gary Rodkin:  Eric, I dounderstand that this is abit of a differentkind of business. However, I would tellyou unequivocally that were taking on no more risk and I know thats hard toconceptualize, but really its much more about theupside with a verycontrolled downside.  We are not changingour VAR limits. Those arelooked at on avery, very granular basis every single day, every single hour basically andreally we started atzero each quarter and itall depends on theinflation and thevolatility. We expect that to level offover time and we expect thetrading profits to potentially level off over time, but I think themost important thing is as hard as itis to explain, is that we plan conservatively because we dont have acrystal ball. Sowe are just beingconservative inthat. When theupside comes well take it, but we arereally very, very comfortable with thelevel of controls that we have inthat business to limit thedownside.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Just a quickclarification, I want to make sure I understand thecommentary earlier on, I think from Andre, between thefixed and variable costopportunity. Was thepoint there that youve seen thetop line opportunities better than you had initially anticipated which impactsperhaps the number ortype of facilities that you maybe had originally thought you would close, butthere were different opportunities therefore on thevariable side?
Gary Rodkin:  Well, I think clearly one of thethings that was said inthat was also towards theend of my prepared statements, I mentioned that we have to evaluate first aswhat we talked about at CAGNY, how thetop line because of our strong innovation and some of thepricing and the costsavings will play out.  But, the itemsaround fixed and variable had alot to do with some ofthe work that actuallyGreg Smith had done previously inhis transportation and logistics role where we aregetting a lot ofvariable savings through freight and things like that and thats starting tolook a littledifferent and therefore we look atour footprint potentially different because of what weve been able to dothrough the freightside.  I think that was more inline with where I was going there.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: I am curious onsome of the new itemsand getting back to theconsumer side for aminute. How hasthe incrementalitybeen for a lot ofthese new items? Because we only geta certain look atthe data that we getmonthly and we could argue how good or not that really is, but alot of that hasnt looked great for theUS portfolio overall yet I think youve pointed to awhole bunch of areas within this that that had performed really well.  So, is there anincrementality issue here or hasit really been justspecific businesses like you mentioned earlier Gary, popcorn that wasnt whereyou wanted it to be,thats kind of holding back theoverall? In otherwords, priority brand volume obviously or sales obviously decelerated from lastquarter. I am tryingto get asense if everything is going really well with new items, what caused thedeceleration?
Dean Hollis:  First of all, we did growabout 3% volume and weve got anumber of our keypriority brands that aregrowing, brands like Healthy Choice and Marie Callenders and PAM, Egg Beaters,and so on. Soweve got a number ofbrands growing in theright direction. We dohave a significantamount of incrementality I would sayin Q2 we mightestimate somewhere in theneighborhood of $50 million and thats really suppressed abit by our allocation on Caf Steamers. That business is on fire, and againwell over forecast. We arebuilding the inventoryand about to be ableto go off of that allocation.  But I would tell you that we areholding ourselves to that incrementality standard -- both margins and volumes --and I am confident inthat pipeline. I think the thingto recognize in Q2that kept the adjustedvolumes at only 3%were two big pieces:one with the popcorn Italked about and we have theplans in place togradually build that back and theother was a veryseasonal business, Swiss Miss Cocoa. We had avery warm fall. I can tell you wevemade it allback and more already on that business inDecember.
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, one point I just want to make and I apologize, but just to beclear on my comments, lets not lose sight of thefact that this organization weve talked about closure of approximately ofabout 12 plants, we arestill going to close and have closed or have cited about tento be closed. Sowe are not leavingthat, we are notdeparting from that task as well, I just want to make sure people understandthat we have closed about tenplants.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Last quick thing is, I amjust curious -- this is more industrywide I think, I might just becompletely nave inhow this all works --but given we dont know where input costinflation is going to go and theindustry as a whole hasbeen playing catch up with respect to pricing because I dont think anybodythought we would bewhere we aretoday. Is there away you and theindustry can think about, why wouldnt folks price ahead of where they thoughtthings might be inthis environment which is very volatile?  If you have to bring some of that back through promotional spending and suchyou can do so, but atleast the industrywould be starting totry and get ahead of itrather than always planning catch up. I know youve commented itjust doesnt work that way, but I amjust curious on your thoughts there?
Gary Rodkin:  Andrew, I would not saythats a nave comment,its a very logicalquestion. I can tell you unequivocally I amnot happy with our lack of price realization inthe first half of thisyear. Solets make no bones about that. I have gottenvery directly involved with our consumer units inthe past few monthsand I can tell you clearly that our pricing execution will bemuch different and clearly evident to you starting inQ3 it will bemuch more aggressive, itwill be much moreforward-looking. Clearly ithas to bebased on input costs, otherwise we have avery difficult story to tell with our customers but we aregoing to do afar better job than we have inthe past, and nexttime we talk I think you will seethe numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Why are corporateexpenses up so much,year-on-year? Gary, when we talk about pricingand we look across theportfolio, just give us anidea in terms of whichtype of product types you arehaving a better timegetting pricing through? I mean what lines areyou not being able to increase pricing? Or is itreally just an issueacross the portfolio?
Gary Rodkin:  Let mestart on thepricing. Did you mention frozen, Pablo?
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Frozen is in yourportfolio, I was trying to understand where is that you aregetting pricing and where is that its lagging sowe can track, I mean we want to anticipate whats going to happen, right? So, what should we belooking at or is itreally just an issueacross the portfolio?
Andre J. Hawaux :  Ican tell you some categories off thetop of my head where we aregetting pricing; clearly infrozen. Now, frozen is made up of alot of different pieces but its clearly evident inHealthy Choice, its clearly evident inMarie Callenders, we got some issues on banquet and our bulk poultry business,but Kid Cuisine as well. So, across thefrozen portfolio, its very evident. InEgg Beaters, its very clear. InPAM, its very clear. So, right off thetop of my head, I can tell you for certain weve seen thepricing there. You will seeit across more of ourbrands and categories as we getinto Q3 and it will bemuch more evident as we getinto Q4. Let me answer theSG&A question that you had, Pablo. AsI said in my preparedremarks, we made three keyareas of investments inthis quarter. Quality and supply chain,and we strongly believe that those investments will improve our service levelswhich we talked about as being critical for us and driving our top line.  The other piece wassystem investments which arecritical to providing thedashboards that our operators need to drive this business, and thats around theSAP investment. Theother one was a timingissue around a foreignexchange derivativecharge we took and that will actually turnaround inQ3 and Q4.  The last piece Itold you which was around thetrading and merchandising incentives given thestrong quarter and thestrong half year that they had. So,those are thedrivers. As I said, we will seethat turn itself around inthe back half of thisyear, our growth inSG&A.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: It is great thatyou have a person incharge of trading and merchandising there and great that you areanswering questions on theFD disclosure, when you report on your access [indiscernible] moves up themarket is not ready for that and itstill goes up.  I mean, today, you arenot getting credit for that and perhaps with your disclosure, you willget. So, I guess my question is, justgive us a sense inthe EBIT this quarterhow much was it reallytrading, how much was itlogistical services, storage, just give us asense there. Within trading, how muchfertilizers, energy grains, whatever you can provide there would beuseful.  Gary, when I look atthe scanner data andwe know that it hasits limitations, ingeneral most companies will report sales growth 1 to 3 points above this kindof data. Inthe first quarter, youguys were about 7 points above and this last quarter you were above 5 pointsabove. So, I amwondering, is ConAgra doing something better than people atWal-Mart, C-stores and other channels or is itthat you are juststarting from a very lowbase?
Gary Rodkin:  Sure, Pablo. I will answer thesecond one and then I amgoing to turn it overto Greg on thetrading. I would tell you that we dohave a prettysignificant opportunity that we arecapitalizing on outside of themeasured channels. Those businesschannels are doingextremely well and we believe that will continue. Greg, do you wantto take the tradingissue?
Greg Heckman: Sure. With thewidespread inflation that youve seen across agriculture, energy and infertilizer which kind of links between thetwo for us, I mean we saw good performance really across our entireportfolio. If you think about theabsolute price changeand the pricevolatility and theacreage increases, I mean, we saw volume increases and we seeneeds for our customers on thesupply and theconsuming side to manage their risk and that was good for theportfolio overall.  We saw the biggestincrease of course inour physical businesses of grain and fertilizer and our feed ingredients. But, we also saw itin thebalance of theportfolio as well. Energy was theonly part of theportfolio that was not up year over year, but itstill had very strong results. So, itis very balanced performance across avery diversified portfolio.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Lane - TRI Asset Management.
Jim Lane - TRI Asset Management: First, its clear that management hasdone a much better jobthan predecessors atcreating stability in theearning stream. Theportfolio of earning stream hasbeen much more consistent than if we looked back three or four years.  But, I guess when we look atthe successes thisyear and the mix ofearnings, its ironic that earnings estimates arehigher than they were atthe beginning of theyear, but the stockprice is lower. I was wondering if youcould speak to maybe managements and theboards urgency with regard to making hard decisions? Does perhaps thecompany need to bemuch, much larger inorder to create shareholder value given how much things have admittedly changedin themarketplace? Or perhaps is there more value creation potential if trading and merchandisingare part of anotherentity or perhaps aseparate entity?
Gary Rodkin: Well, Jim, I wont comment on that last speculation. But, what I will tell you is that there areno big acquisitionsplanned and I think thats prudent for us atthis time clearly because you need to have avery, very solid foundation. We dontwant to do somethinguntil we clearly have our own blocking and tackling and house inorder. We have made lots of progress. Westill have a ways togo to be that reallyfinely tuned operating company. Thatsreally where we are attoday. So, we arestill in theearly stages. I would also tell you that its clear to us we dont want to walk away fromit. We know that weve got some work to dothat resides in theconsumer foods business. Those plans arein place now. We will start to seeimprovement in theback half of this year and clearly into next year. Idont want to disregard thecontributions that we aregetting from thetrading and merchandising group. Thatsclear. Maybe even more importantly, theone that we just dont talk about enough is this quarter our $1 billion worth of Food and Ingredientbusiness which hasperformed exceedingly well over thelast few years on aconsistent basis and inparticular our Lamb Weston business is just anabsolute rock solidoutstanding performing business, top line, bottom line, momentum, return oninvested capital. Any way you look atit -- innovation,customer service -- that is such aterrific business and that whole food ingredients portfolio hasperformed extremely well. That hasalso helped us to have that consistency of earnings. So, weve got two of thethree pieces working extremely well, we got theplans in place, theexecution is going to berock solid as we goforward on consumer, weve got alot of good things happening interms of building our foundation. Oursystems are gettingbetter with SAP, our store shelves arelooking better, we arecontinuing to make progress on allthose fronts. So, I think thats reallywhat the story is.
Jim Lane - TRI Asset Management: My question is in thecontext of thepositive and thenegative of the yearand more in light of thefact that that capital markets havent rewarded thecompany or the stockfor that increased stability.  A follow-onquestion to what other people have asked. On thequestions regarding pricing and costs, I was wondering if you could fill us ina little more on what haschanged internally atConAgra such that there is strong creditability to thecomments regarding amore accurate pricing initiatives with regards to inflation? Because while everyone seems to bea bit behind thecurve, I do think we area bit further behind thecurve with regards to our product portfolio. So, what granularly is being done atthe company differenttoday than say wasdone six months agosuch that we are notsurprised in another sixmonths? Thank you.
Gary Rodkin:  Jim, you aretalking specific to pricing?
Jim Lane - TRI Asset Management: Correct.
Gary Rodkin:  Specific to pricing, I can tell youthat one thing thats different is our wiring is far better. These aremuscles that weve had to build. Welearned a bit thehard way as theinflation just roared on us. We got abit of a late start,but I can tell you clearly that were inthe mode now where we aregoing to makeup for that year as we getin theback half.  Clearly, another piece is my direct involvement. Itis clearly on my radar screen as atop priority, and I mean, ata granular level. Ithink those two things, theawareness of theorganization, thewiring between thedifferent pieces, saybetween procurement, theoperating groups, and theselling organization, its just stamped on everybodys forehead now as atop priority and theproof will be inthe pudding. As Ivesaid, we will see someevidence of that inQ3, and we will seemuch more of that inQ4.
Operator:  Returning to Citi InvestmentResearch, David Driscoll.
David Driscoll - Citi InvestmentResearch: Two question for you guys. Thefirst one Gary is on Banquet. Given theproblem that you had on thepot pie business there, doyou think that those negative issues with consumers on therecall, did it carryover into other aspects of that brand just noting that is thesingle largest frozen brand you have? So,I think there should beprobably a great dealof sensitivity to how that brand performs under anegative scenario like asalmonella recall?
Gary Rodkin: Actually, no rub off whatsoever. Clearly, that pulled our numbers for Banquet down inthe quarter, and youcan see that inthe scanner data. But we have some excellent plans inplace on Banquet and thecore business, thecore components of thebusiness areperforming extremely well and weve got 100% of our distribution back on potpies already which says something about thecustomers thoughts about theBanquet portfolio. Everything basically is back on theshelf or will be invery short order.
David Driscoll - Citi InvestmentResearch: Thats helpful. Next question, Andre,is on commodity hedging. Can you talk tous about how youve hedged theconsumer foods business? I want to make aguess here that says that given how fastthis rate of inflationis moving that you really didnt have much inthe way of commodityhedges in place forthat business. Is that accurate and/orwhats the percentageyou have hedged for thebalance of the year?
Andre J. Hawaux :  David, well, Ill saywhat I said last quarter. We dontcomment publicly on our hedging strategy inour organization.
David Driscoll - Citi InvestmentResearch: Nothing, zero comments whatsoever?
Andre J. Hawaux :  Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from KenGoldman of Bear Stearns.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: Marketing and R&D, how doyou see that? Is itup significantly in theback half of the year? Tied to that, you mentioned that sharerepurchase is anoption right now. I amwondering really why, given that alot of investors and even yourself seem to want to increase R&D andmarketing over the longterm. Why would you not put that cashback toward those long-term investment drivers rather than give itback to shareholders right now?
Gary Rodkin:  Ken, I cant promise you that you will seeincreased spending on A&P. I thinkwe are atthe right levels. What I can tell you, is itis much more effective and efficient than its been inthe past. Weve taken alot of non-working dollars out. Clearly,thats a very goodthing. Thereturn on investment mentality that we have against our marketing efforts is avery different approach for us and you also have to take alook when I talk about thelevel of investment, last year inQ4 we made huge jumps inhow much we spent on A&P, and that was because we had theopportunity to do so,some of that afforded by thetrading business. We arenot planning on that. So, thenumbers I think aregoing to be what thenumbers are. We feel very very good about themarketing efforts and even better about our innovation. Again, its about theeffectiveness and I can tell you, clearly, I cant open the[inaudible] on all of theinnovations that we have got inthe pipeline. But, itis extremely robust, and itwill be up to us tointroduce them in ameasured enough way that we make sure that theexecution is perfect and flawless.
Andre J. Hawaux : Your question on share repurchase, theway Id answer that is I think we have to Garys point inour algorithm in theback half of the year,we have all of thethings that he hasmentioned on innovation, and effective marketing spending, our plans arealready there. So, we dobelieve that our shares where they arecurrently priced today offer us avery attractive return on investment if we were to go out and getsome. So, thats where we areat.
Gary Rodkin:  We will always balance against thelong-term opportunities we have internally and we arenever going to shortchangewhen we have got strong potential internally.
Operator:  Your next question comes from ChristineMcCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just a quick followup on your fertilizer and ag businesses. If you look at thefertilizer markets as anexample, they are juston fire rightnow. You mentioned that inyour comments. Whats to saythat they wont continue to outperform? I mean clearly, you have to balanceyour costs versus demand, but looking ahead atthis coming year and where commodity prices arespecifically, I mean you should have one of thebiggest crops  barring any unforeseen weather-related events -- that we seen ina longtime, particularly, probably thedemand for fertilizer given this type of commodity environment is going to bemassive. Why wouldnt you forecast ongoing, strong performance from that group?
Greg Heckman: I would just say weabsolutely take into account not only allof the externalfactors, but as well as theinternal factors when we put that forecast together. Ithink the way you wantto think about it, you look inthe portfolio, youvegot good diversification across ag, energy and fertilizer and we look atwhat we believe those base earnings can bewhile not counting on theopportunistic-type earnings that portfolio will allow us. SoI think thats really how you got to think about it.
Operator:  Moving back to Robert Moskow, CreditSuisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Andre, you said that inwave one, you arealmost complete closing down plants. Ialways thought that wave two would have another round of closures of plantsbecause you guys have said that your manufacturing footprint was too big. Areyou saying anything now about wave two, hasanything changedregarding your thoughts on wave two?
Andre J. Hawaux :  We havent said, we didnt saythat and we are notsaying anything now relative to wave two. I think one of thethings we are doing isreassessing that fixed versus variable element and I think Greg, having being inthe role inthe transportationside is now stepping into thebroader supply chainrole. We arereally reevaluating what we need to doand with innovation coming and different innovation on different platforms, Ithink its important for us to relook atour network and determine where we need to be. So we have notannounced anything inwave two and we dont plan to anytime shortly.
Gary Rodkin:  And its really allabout total delivery costs. Sowe are going take alook, Gregs charge is to look across thewhole footprint and deliver thesavings, but its across total delivered cost, total end cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from EricKatzman of Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking thefollow up. Gary,I guess at CAGNY lastyear you took thegrowth rates up on expectations longer term from 7to 9 to 8 to 10. If I amunderstanding itcorrectly, your message today is that thecompany, given theinflation environment, needs to look atdollar profits and dollar sales and dollar margin as opposed topercentages.  If the tradinggroup is lets sayat anormalized rate andyou get afew percentage points from share repo given your cash flowand balance sheet strength, does that imply that you need to geta 4% to 5% sales growth from everything else food-relatedand an equalpercentage of EBIT growth? Is that how we should think about it?
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I would tell you that we arestill committed to the8% to 10% so that is mostimportant and it islikely that we will probably take our top line number up; I dont want tocommit to an exactnumber on that. Right now we willrevisit at CAGNY, but weare on theright track.
Operator:  From UBS, Jeff Kanter.
JeffKanter - UBS: Greg, I would like to getyour thoughts on this. How does your team think about grain trading andmerchandizing in lightof this energy bill? Clearly investors seeit as amoney machine in adifferent world. I was wondering if youthink about this inkind of the same way,that we are ina different world andits not a bad worldto be infrom grain trading and merchandising?
Greg Heckman:  I guess I would agree with you thatthings have definitely changedwith the convergence of food and fueland its changed onthe breadth and amounts of inflation that is affecting us and hence thevolatility. Sowe do think that wewill see thiscommodity cycle for awhile.  We are also seeing aglobal growth which is also contributing to that. Soits a little bit of aperfect storm. I think thats why you dohear all theconsumer products companies as well talking about thedepth and breadth of inflation across allof the ag, energytransportation, packaging. Itis why they are talkingabout inflation or pricing, because ittruly is a differentday.
Jeff Kanter - UBS: So taking that, ifI could just build on that and ask Gary aquestion, how do youlook as everybody looks atyour consumer foods result inisolation, but your EBIT is and your cash flows arewhat your cash flows are; clearly you have flexibility to take these cash flowsfrom this new world that Greg is living into reinvest behind Consumer Food.  So when you say8% inflation, I mean, that excludes this natural hedge sodo you feel like youhave flexibility that alot of other packed foods companies dont have to reinvest behind thebusiness? How doyou kind of think about itjust from a top downperspective?
Gary Rodkin: I do think about itthat way Jeff. However, given thevolatility its hard to pin Greg down on exactly what heis going to deliver next quarter. Sowe really have to play itby ear. I think areally good example is last year inQ4 as I talked about alittle while ago wherewe saw theopportunity. Itwas very clear and we areable to act quickly and make some very good investments inour consumer business.  But we always have to remember that we aregoing to spend themoney on an ROI basis,not just because we have alot of money, we have to have good places to put that money, but clearly we dobelieve that with theoccasional upsize provided by trading that we dohave some opportunities to reinvest inthe other parts of ourbusiness.
Operator:  That concludes ourquestion-and-answer session. Mr.Klinefelter, Ill hand theconference back to you for final remarks or closing comments.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder,this conference is being recorded and will bearchived on the web asdetailed in our newsrelease. As always, we areavailable for discussion. We thank youvery much for your interest inour company and Happy Holidays.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rodkin  CEO  Andre Hawaux  CFO  Chris Klinefelter  IR  Deane Hollis - President, Consumer Operations  Greg Heckman  President, Commercial Operations 
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research  Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities  Todd Duvick - Banc of America  Pablo Zuanic  JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to today's ConAgra Foods first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Rodkin, Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods. Please go ahead, Mr. Rodkin. 
Gary Rodkin:  Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and I'm here with Andre Hawaux, our CFO and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations.  I'm going to start with a few words about the EPS we just posted. I'll also briefly discuss our outlook for fiscal '08. After that, Andre will discuss a few financial matters and then we'll take your questions. Deane Hollis, President of Consumer Operations, and Greg Heckman, President of Commercial Operations, will join us for that portion of the call.  Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
 Chris Klinefelter : Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include some cautionary language.  Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found on our web site at http://investor.ConAgraFoods.com under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing non-GAAP Reconciliations.  Now I'll turn it back over to Gary. 
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, Chris. We just released EPS of $0.36 for the quarter or $0.34 on a comparable basis. It is a strong start for the years EPS. There were several bright spots that put us ahead of what we originally expected. As you can tell from the top line trends in consumer foods, our new products are off to a great start. We're very pleased with that, but on the flip side, I'm not happy with the margin performance in Consumer Foods; more about that and our plans to address it in a minute.  We're also very pleased with the continued top and bottom line momentum in our Food and Ingredients business and in a repeat of recent quarters, our Trading and Merchandising segment had another very strong quarter. Results there were certainly strong than what we planned for or what we view as a normalized run rate. Now I'll say a little bit more about each of these.  Consumer Foods showed some very good sales trends. Sales were up 6% on a comparable basis which is excellent, and a really big improvement from what we've seen in recent years. Priority investment brands which represent more than 70% of the segment were up 7% on a comparable basis. That's the best organic top line brand performance anyone around here has seen for a long time.  For those of you who have been following our news and events related to our new product pipeline, you know we introduced several new exciting products during the last three months, items like Healthy Choice Cafe Steamers and Paninis, Chef Boy-r-Dee MacnCheese, Hunts Fire Roasted Tomatoes, Orville Redenbacher's Natural Popcorn, and PAM Professional, just to name a few. The new product pipeline is off to a strong start and certainly made a big difference for the quarter.  Just to be clear, some of the items in this first wave are still being rolled out, meaning they weren't on the shelves by quarter end but they soon will be. It's also worth mentioning that we continue to feel very good about our new product pipeline. We'll be updating you later in fiscal '08 about the next wave.  The top line growth in Consumer Foods wasn't all due to new items. The marketing and sales initiatives that we've discussed with you before like spending more behind the right brands, focusing on our gold store initiative, targeting new channels and phasing out unprofitable volume to make a healthier base are paying off. The number of brands that didn't have new products released during the quarter, like Egg Beaters, Hebrew National, Reddi-wip or Marie Callenders still posted meaningful sales growth, demonstrating that we have some great equities with potential when they're managed with the right focus and investment.  The last point I'll make about the top line is that although we did take price increases on a number of lines and products during the quarter, we should have moved more quickly across our portfolio and been more aggressive on managing our trade spend. Across the total Consumer Foods portfolio, price increases didn't play a big role in overall sales performance, but price increases among our priority investment brands accounted for about 2% growth for that group as a whole. We have planned to take more pricing across other parts of our portfolio to help combat input inflation and we plan for the second half to show more pricing growth due to actions currently being implemented. I'll come back to this in a few minutes.  Moving on to Consumer Foods operating profits, comparable profits were down, even with the strong sales growth. When I say comparable profits, I'm dealing with numbers that exclude the restructuring and recall items discussed in the release. To me, this decline is unacceptable and we're in the process of addressing it. The main issues are that inflation was more severe than we planned and our pricing actions, cost savings and efficiencies simply weren't strong enough. Importantly, as we move to some production across facilities, we suffered start-up inefficiencies from the related disruption. We tried to do too much too fast in our product supply infrastructure. At the same time, we were dealing with the distraction and diversion of resources caused by the revamping of our peanut butter business. We simply didn't execute everything we put on our plates.  As we aggressively pursue changes in our supply chain, we know there will be occasional choppiness and disruption in margins. And while we're disappointed with that aspect of the quarter's activities, we have a clear line of sight on the issues and are very focused on improving them.  While our execution has not been perfect, our productivity efforts are generating meaningful dollars to help fight inflation. I'm confident that our productivity runway remains long, but there's no getting around that the fact that 7% inflation is a very tough thing to overcome, which is why the pricing action and trade discipline I mentioned earlier are so important.  In the quarter, Consumer Foods G&A declined slightly, showing our commitment to reduce overhead, while at the same time we increased advertising and promotion investment. Advertising and promotion increased by about $5 million, so it wasn't a major factor in the operating profit change. More noteworthy is that we had a $15 million profit headwind because of peanut butter. As you know, we had a full recall last year and we reintroduced Peter Pan during the quarter. We're very pleased with the reception it's getting. Since we had lower peanut butter volumes along with reintroduction and start-up costs, we had lower peanut butter sales and profits. We weren't surprised by this and we expect these headwinds until the brand builds the healthy momentum it can achieve.  So given this quarter's profit decline at Consumer Foods, what does that mean for the future? I want to be very clear that we're confident that a combination of volume growth, pricing actions, and improving cost savings and efficiencies will show a good operating profit performance for Consumer Foods for the full fiscal year. We expect things to get stronger in the back half of the year. The key is that the expected price increases and operating leverage get their real traction in the back half of the fiscal year.  Moving on to the Food and Ingredient segment, the main story is really our Lamb Weston potato operations. They continue to grow through a combination of pricing and volume and a focus on efficiencies. Lamb Weston has a laser-like focus on customer service and efficiencies, and that's continued to pay off in the form of good margins and increased business with the right foodservice customers. Lamb Weston's momentum is truly remarkable and they were the force behind the segment's 15% profit growth this quarter. I would like to thank the team for their focus and consistency and their overall continued excellent performance.  Also relevant to the Food and Ingredients top line were the strong sales increase for our flour milling business. Our flour prices were higher, primarily because of wheat costs that were higher, and we passed the cost along to our customers. The milling profits were up slightly for the quarter and were not a major driver of the segment's profit growth.  Our Trading and Merchandising segment posted a very, very good quarter. Profits there were more than four times last quarter's first quarter amounts. This was another unusual quarter, when the right dynamics and volatility for energy trading and fertilizer demand gave us significant opportunities and paid off very well. We also had an easy comparison, given last year's modest first quarter results. I again congratulate our team on a job well done. I also need to say to our investors, that our expectations remain for this segment to have a much more modest rate of contribution for the balance of the fiscal year, particularly given the difficult comparisons we face in the second half of the fiscal year as well as the seasonality of the fertilizer business, which is usually concentrated in and around the planting season.  Our International Foods segment also showed sales traction, posting a 5% increase. The growth was broad-based and popcorn, in particular, did well. We increased our marketing investment for this segment last fiscal year, and we also walked away from some products and promotions that weren't giving us a healthy base. So we're now seeing the benefits of the increased investment last year. We expect to gradually make that business more significant going forward.  A few other things I want to mention before I turn it over to Andre. The first is that we bought Alexia Foods during the quarter and we also bought Lincoln Snacks shortly after the quarter had ended. Neither of these deals was very large, but they are strategic. Alexia Foods is an all-natural food company specializing in frozen potato, artisan breads, and appetizer products. It hits the sweet spot with important consumer trends and important growing channels. We also bought Lincoln Snacks, a flavored popcorn business with brands including Fiddle-Faddle and Poppycock. Both of these companies can benefit greatly from our marketing and operating resources, which should help them grow over time. Again, I would like to welcome them to the ConAgra Foods team.  Another item I would like to mention is that King Pouw, our Executive Vice President of Operations and Business Transformation, has recently expanded his duties to assume leadership of our Product Supply operations. As a reminder, Product Supply is our procurement, manufacturing and supply chain organization. King has been with us for about year-and-a-half, and before that, he was at Kellogg for many years, where some of our investors may have met him. King is a very capable leader with deep experience in manufacturing, logistics, engineering, procurement, R&D and information technology, and I believe that he will take our game to the next level.  The last point I'll make is about guidance. As we said in the release, our comments a quarter ago were that we were comfortable with diluted EPS, excluding items impacting comparability, in the range of $1.48 for fiscal 2008, and that's still the case. While some might wonder why we didn't take that number up given our strong first quarter, keep in mind there's a lot going on, particularly inflation, peanut butter headwinds we face as we gradually get back our volume, and the inevitable slowdown in trading profits. So to reemphasize, we're staying with our previous comments of earnings in the range of $1.48 and will update you throughout the year if we see that differently.  With that I'll conclude. Thanks for your interest in the company. And now I'll turn it over to Andre Hawaux. 
 Andre Hawaux:  Thanks very much, Gary. Good morning, everyone. I'll touch on a few financial matters before we turn it over to Q&A. To echo what Gary said, I am very pleased with our overall EPS of $0.34, excluding items impacting comparability. There were a lot of bright spots in the quarter: for example, a very strong priority investment brand performance, remarkable momentum in Lamb Weston, and a very sizable contribution from Trading and Merchandising. Our team accomplished a great deal and I congratulate them.  Consumer Foods' operating profit was not one of the quarter's bright spots, given its year-over-year decline. Building on Gary's earlier point, we have the plans in place to pull the levers that will allow us to see our top line progress flow through the to the bottom line. Those points are better net price realization, improving operating efficiencies, and continuing to focus on sticky innovation.  I do want to emphasize one thing. In past communications, we had indicated that we expected cost savings to roughly offset inflation for Consumer Foods in fiscal 2008. While it's too early to know for certain, if inflation stays at 7%, we won't be able to offset that with cost savings and efficiencies alone. It's too steep a hill to climb, which is why volume and pricing are so important.  As Gary mentioned, Consumer Foods' gross margin percentages should improve in the back half of the year and we expect the full year gross margin percentage to be directionally in-line with that of last year. Consumer Foods' gross margin dollars, on the other hand, should show year-over-year growth by the time we finish the fiscal year. That's due to a combination of pricing, volume growth, improving cost savings and efficiencies and it's the main reason we expect the segment to post good operating profit results for the full fiscal year.  To echo what Gary said earlier, our previous guidance of diluted EPS in the range of $1.48 for fiscal 2008, excluding items impacting comparability, is still our current view, for all the reasons Gary and I have talked about.  Now a few other details. Our interest expense was $59 million for the quarter, very close to last year's amounts. Our dividends were $89 million for the quarter, slightly below last year's amounts. Our tax rate projection for the year is between 34% and 35%. It was a little lighter this quarter and we cite the benefit of a lower rate as an item impacting comparability.  As you can see from the balance sheet, this quarter showed a large increase in working capital year-over-year. Some of that is due to our sales increase. It's also because of the value of some of the inventories is higher due to input cost inflation for items like wheat, tomatoes, and potatoes. It's also because our Trading and Merchandising operations use working capital to capitalize on marketplace opportunities. Our Trade Group utilizes the working capital when they believe the profit potential is worth the investment, which means a positive ROIC impact in due course.  As you've heard me say before, working capital at our company can be lumpy, given the seasonality of some inputs that we use in our inventories, and given the business dynamics of our Trading and Merchandising segment.  Capital expenditures were $152 million for the quarter, much higher than a year ago, driven by the upgrades to our manufacturing and logistics operations that are part of the initiatives we have been discussing with you for a while now. We plan for CapEx to be in roughly $425 million to $450 million per year during the fiscal years 2008 through 2010 timeframe, with this year being around $450 million.  On another note, we finished our share repurchase authorization during the quarter, buying another $88 million of shares. The weighted average number of shares outstanding at quarter end was 493 million. As we've said before, we view share repurchases as the benchmark for how we deploy our capital. Our board reviews our authorization periodically and we will let you know of any change in authorization.  We also bought two small businesses since we last talked to you. Gary mentioned them; Alexia Foods and Lincoln Snacks. These are perfect examples of tuck-in acquisitions. They make good strategic fits and we plan to utilize existing infrastructure to make those businesses more profitable. The combined purchase price for both of these businesses was in the range of $100 million. Keep in mind, one of these transactions was completed during the quarter and the other after the quarter had ended.  With that I'll conclude my remarks. I thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods. And now I'll turn it over to the Operator for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : I just wanted to touch base on Food and Ingredients because you talked about commodity cost inflation in Consumer Foods, but if I'm not mistaken, you probably saw pretty significant headwinds in Food and Ingredients too; yet it seems like you were able to see a lot better margins there.  I'm just wondering, is there a difference in how you passthrough price increases in your consumer products? It seems like in that area, you would be able to pass through pricing maybe a little bit easier than in Foodservice, for example. 
Gary Rodkin:  Christine, I would tell you that we do manage it quite a bit differently. The businesses are more commodity-oriented. I also would tell you that we're very much on top of our businesses, businesses like Lamb Weston, Gilroy Spice, the flour business. Every day it's grind it out and make sure that we are passing the appropriate costs along. For a little bit more color, let me pass that over to Greg. 
Greg Heckman :  Morning, Christine. I wouldn't say it's any easier to pass price increases in our part of the business at all, but what I would say is that is more the nature of that entire industry to have volatility on the major commodity inputs and that market would be probably much more nimble to those changes in the short run. So whether it's ourselves, the other suppliers, or the customers, it's more the nature of the B2B space. 
Gary Rodkin: I would tell you that we are extremely pleased with the way they've been able to manage this very difficult inflationary environment. They've done an excellent job. That's why the margins are as good as you see. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research :  If I'm not mistaken, a few years ago you had some issues with garlic and with the news this week on China restricting their exports of garlic to the U.S., are you a importer at this point of Chinese garlic and is that going to be a big issue for you? 
Greg Heckman : As the leading domestic garlic producer, we're keenly watching that market, as we have. We are an importer of some quality garlic, but long term which is how this will play out, we see that high-quality standards absolutely are the best thing for us as a quality provider and the best thing for our customers as they want to protect their brands. So anything that places the quality is a long term a positive for us. 
Gary Rodkin:  I would say that's probably an advantage for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : A couple questions. First, in terms of the very impressive top line growth that you had in Consumer Foods in the quarter, I know you said that not all of it was attributable to new products, but within the part that was attributable to new products, how much was attributable to pipeline fill or shipment in advance of demand? 
Gary Rodkin:  Eric, I would tell you that that we really have not built a big pipeline. We've seen the turns, the velocity, be very, very good. So it's really moving through. We don't have any issue. Our reorders have been excellent. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Then in terms of your full-year guidance, just doing a little bit of arithmetic, if I take the 33 or 34, depending on how it is calculated, the EPS that you reported for the first quarter and your $0.40 or roughly flat guidance for the second quarter, and your full year guidance of about $1.48, it implies that your second half EPS is about flat year over year.  Now, I realize you have to a tough comp in the fourth quarter in particular given the over-delivery on the trading, but that doesn't seem to be that consistent with the comment in the press release that you're expecting to show solid EPS progress in the second half. Could you explain what I'm missing there? 
Chris Klinefelter :  When you look at the second half of the year, remember when we gave our guidance about fiscal '08, we went through the exercise to get you to the proper base in fiscal '07 on which to base those fiscal '08 projections. In that we adjusted for both peanut butter recall costs and the over-delivery of the trading businesses. If you do those exercises in the second half of last year, we printed EPS of $0.75 last year before you adjust for either of those items. If you take the $0.75 and adjust for $0.08 of peanut butter recall costs, you're now at $0.83; and you back off $0.16 for trading over-delivery and now you're at a $0.68 comparison, so when we talk about solid EPS progress, we mean on that adjusted basis. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : That would be helpful to put in the press release next time off the adjusted base, just because it's a little bit confusing. It reads almost as if you're talking about off the reported numbers or the numbers ex-items in there.  Just as a final question. I know in the outlook section you reaffirmed your longer-term financial goal. Gary, if you're talking about Consumer Foods operating margin percentage being about flattish this year, which I believe I heard Andre say, that implies that you guys are looking for over 250 basis points of margin expansion in fiscal 2009 and 2010. Do you still think that's achievable and could you go into that a bit? 
Andre Hawaux : I think we believe in terms of the guidelines that we've talked about that we see ourselves continuing to push forth our operating profit margin in our consumer business to get closer and closer to our peers as we move out. That's very much consistent with what we plan on doing. 
Gary Rodkin:  Eric, I'd just say we remain very confident in our goal on operating margin improvement and the mix of variables might change a bit, but we're still going to drive the same algorithm. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research. 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : Gary, can you get back into the pricing discussion? You indicated, I think on your prepared comments, that promotion reduction would be a key ingredient here to what you said, but I think you were trying to say that reducing trade promotion would be the way that you would affect a price increase. Is that accurate, or should we be looking for list price increase announcements coming up? 
Gary Rodkin:  It's really both, David. We will be taking list prices up in a number of categories more and we will be taking trade spending down, much more from an effectiveness standpoint. We're in the process of implementing new systems that really will get more traction as we get toward the back half, but we still are very confident that from a net pricing standpoint, you will see significant improvement.  I guess the way I see it, David, I don't think we were as aggressive as we should have been but we did realize 2% net pricing on our priority brands and we do have more brands taking planned increases in Q2 and Q3 in important categories, some that we've already announced like frozen and tomato products and then getting the level of inflation and start-up inefficiencies that we're experiencing here in the first half. We're going to go broader and deeper across our portfolio and categories where inflation is hitting us the hardest. We'll see significantly better net price realization in the back half.  Then finally one last point on that, we made some investments with our customers on trade programs that will pay us dividends in the back half of the fiscal year as we manage to our annual numbers versus quarterly numbers. 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : If you could quantify that for me, would a 3% on-average price increase across the consumer foods portfolio in the back half of the year, is that a ballpark of a type of a realization that you're looking for? 
Gary Rodkin:  I probably don't want to get that specific, David, but I would tell you that we are taking significant pricing in a number of our categories and some of the categories we've already taken are north of that. 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research :  Then moving on but related here, on the commodity cost side, what's your new forecast for the year? I don't actually think you said it on the prepared comments. 
Gary Rodkin:  I think we talked about 7% inflation. Just to point out, that's probably a little bit higher than what you've heard from a few of our competitors, and that's the makeup of our portfolio. Probably the biggest piece of that is in oils. We've got big business in Weston oil and then in our margin spreads. That inflation input cost is through the roof. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers. 
 Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers :  Andre, is there a range or how should we think about operating cash flow that you're targeting for this year given some of the working capital changes that you talked about? I'm trying to get a sense if the free cash flow, how to think about free cash flow given the CapEx of roughly $4.50? 
Andre Hawaux :  I think we're talking about our free cash flow moving roughly in line, slightly lower than what we're expecting from an EPS growth perspective. 
 Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : In terms of Trading and Merchandising and the volatility, I know historically you've talked about that business, to some extent, being a natural hedge when we get into difficult environments from an input cost standpoint or on the consumer products piece. Is that still the case, and it's that input costs are off the charts in certain respects, so it's not quite making up for that? I am trying to get a sense if that's changed at all. 
Gary Rodkin:  I think the way we mean it is, when we've got a lot of volatility like this we tend to do quite well in our Trading and Merchandising business, which you've seen in the last few quarters and particularly you've seen it this quarter; that is what we really mean when we say a natural hedge. We expect a high likelihood of significant over-delivery and real volatile times, which could help offset some of the input cost inflation on our consumer brands. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Just one clarification and then a follow-up. The $1.48 excluding items, what are the items? In particular, are you excluding the $12 million peanut butter recall costs that you identified this quarter in that $1.48? 
Chris Klinefelter : We are excluding peanut butter recall costs and restructuring and things like that. So the items you see listed in the earnings release, those are the items we are calling out. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Should we expect more of those either restructuring or other ones that you can at least identify at this point going forward? 
Andre Hawaux :  Eric, we don't see a whole lot more restructuring going forward. I would say on peanut butter recall, I would say we probably have a little bit of a tail on that as we start to settle some of these claims but I would hope that that would be de minimus going forward. We've gotten the bulk of that behind us and we've booked all the things that we can appropriately book from a GAAP perspective. We don't see a whole lot more coming down the pike on that at all. We don't have any major restructuring dollars planned in the back half of the year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Just a question about the trade spending during this quarter. Your predecessor, Gary, had talked in the past about some of his frustration of being able to implement lower trade spending or net pricing. It gave you the sense that if there's a corporate directive that sometimes it doesn't get executed out in the field, I'm just wondering, how are the systems that you're putting into place, maybe you can give us a little bit more color on how that's going to improve your ability to influence what gets executed?  I imagine it's a visibility issue, but are you then giving that information to people in the field so they can make better decisions or giving the information directly to your customers so they can make better decisions? Can you give us a little bit more color on it? 
Gary Rodkin:  I would say first of all, it's really important to remember that the systems that we have historically been working with basically are not systems. We are coming from a real deep hole from that perspective. We are putting trade management programs in place as we speak as we implement our nucleus project, our SAP, and the mandate is very clear, it's ROI and really getting more out of with a we spend. Those systems have not yet been implemented. We've got a lot of discussion going on in terms of how we're going to implement those, but I think you're going to see in the back half that you will start to see some of the impact of that increased efficiency and effectiveness on trade spending.  Brands are really getting stronger through innovation and A&P spending and that's really what we're hoping to redeploy; savings from a trade standpoint into marketing. The real mandate is to build the base versus chase the case. That's what we're looking forward to as we get toward the second half of the year. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: You mentioned ROI as the key measurement. How long will it take you to get maybe historical data so that you can get better measurement as to what your ROI growth is or is that one of the obstacles here that you need some historical data so that you can show what works and what doesn't from a trade management perspective? 
Gary Rodkin:  I think that's part of what we're doing right now, we're populating the database so we can go forward. That's really the first real step in this and that's happening as we speak. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities. 
 Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities : It sounds like an encouraging start to some of the new products. Just wanted to ask you, Gary, I understand new products and innovation is important for the health of the pricing component to your top line, but in the short-term when you're rolling out a lot of new items like you did last quarter, is it helping or hurting your price on that short-term basis? 
Gary Rodkin:  I would tell you that it's helping. Clearly, you have to have some introductory costs, slotting, et cetera, but from a mix standpoint, it clearly is a positive and a great example of that would be in Healthy Choice where you're going to see some significant price realization across the year. In fact we're starting to see that already along with market share increases. PAM's another great example where we introduced a premium product, very high margin that will help the mix there as well. 
 Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities :  But having said that, there are also some concessions on the initial shipments that will naturally lead to better pricing, it sounds like, in the coming quarters; is that fair? 
Gary Rodkin:  I'm not sure I understand that question on new products. 
 Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities :  You said with respect to slotting and things like that. So even if it's a net positive in the past quarter, you still had some concessions that had to be made. 
Gary Rodkin: That's always the case and the margins will get better as the products get more seated. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank :  A bigger picture question in terms of the consumer area, the idea I think was you inherited some brands which hadn't received any support or minimal support. You had enough cost savings to basically fund a much more aggressive A&P budget, probably without really needing or expecting to take price. So I'm wondering, what are the risks now that inflation is eating into the cost savings that because you have to rely on pricing, it becomes a little bit tougher? Irene at Kraft isn't going to just simply allow Mac & Cheese to be hit or Nestle or Stouffer's without a bit of a fight which it seems to me would translate into either more promotional spending which would partially offset the pricing. So how should we think about that versus the initial plans? 
Gary Rodkin:  I think it's pretty clear across all of our peers, the whole industry, that this inflation is for real and most likely will continue for a while and therefore expect to see a little bit more rational behavior than we might have in the past as it pertains to pricing.  Again, even in Q1, our priority brands have 2% net price realization on a comparable basis. We expect to see that continue to go as we take smart, surgical advances where the inflation really requires it and as we start to implement our trade management program systems, we'll with much more effective with the trade spend, so we'll get a much better ROI than we have historically. All of that is to come in the back half. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Duvick - Banc of America. 
 Todd Duvick - Banc of America : I had a quick question from the a fixed income standpoint. First of all, I appreciate the guidance on operating cash flow this year. Thinking beyond this year, are there opportunities in working capital management to really improve that and maybe accelerate the operating cash flow such that it may grow faster than EPS in the future? 
Andre Hawaux :  The answer is, we can always get better at working capital, absolutely. We are putting in place programs where we can improve our cash conversion cycle. As I said on the call, we have a commodity element in our business like our mills business that actually is prone to commodity spikes in terms of costs and that, plus the fact that our Trading and Merchandising segment uses a working capital very effectively with very high ROICs, when they see opportunities, that's one of the things that we're always very cautious on. We can improve working capital, but we've got to be mindful of the way we run our business. 
 Todd Duvick - Banc of America : Going forward, would you say that the primary driver to operating cash flow growth is still just going to be net income growth primarily? 
Andre Hawaux :  I would say that that plus the spread between depreciation and CapEx and we're going to continue to try to squeeze a little bit out of working capital year on year. 
 Todd Duvick - Banc of America : Also, I think you indicated that you have used up your share repurchase program. Can we expect a new authorization in the near future? 
Andre Hawaux :  To the first part of your question, yes, we have finished the program that the board approved. We discuss with our board all the elements of our cap structure. When we do have something new, we will actually talk to you about it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research. 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research :  A follow-up on the commodity costs. Can you tell us what's changed from your commodity cost forecast? It's 7% now, I believe on the last call, Andre, you had indicated approximately 4%. Can you tell us what percent of your commodity costs are hedged for the balance of the year? 
Andre Hawaux :  Dave, I'm going to have to look at the last script, but I don't believe I was ever down around 4%. I believe last time we talked around 5% to 6%, if I'm not mistaken. So what's changed is I think one of the things that Gary articulated, the place where we have the highest amount of inflation right now in our portfolio is in fats and oils. It's a big piece of our portfolio and the inflation is very significant. So that's the first part of your question.  What was the second part, David, I apologize? 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : Percent hedged for the balance of the year on commodities? 
Andre Hawaux :  We would prefer not to discuss those publicly. 
 David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research : What were the shipments of peanut butter in the quarter? I think you had a press release out saying that you started shipping in August, but I'm a little bit confused on some of the comments on whether this on balance was a negative in the quarter or whether it was neutral in the quarter? 
Gary Rodkin:  We shipped only about $8 million, $9 million because it was just a couple of weeks' worth at the end of the quarter. So clearly peanut butter was a significant shortfall for us from a total profitability standpoint versus a year ago. 
Chris Klinefelter :  The $9 million of sales this quarter, if you see the tables in the release on page 10, we've excluded those sales in the comparable sales results. We're moving both this year and last year. They're not at the 6% sales growth to consumer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic  JP Morgan. 
 Pablo Zuanic  JP Morgan : The first question is more just on specific numbers. Your $1.48 guidance for the year assumes a run rate of $400 million in corporate expense and $200 million in Trading and Merchandising EBIT; is that correct? 
Chris Klinefelter : In terms of corporate, you're probably looking something around 350, 360; we budget around [$90] million a quarter, it doesn't always come out that way but that is how we think about it. In terms of Trading and Merchandising, it's very difficult to call something normal there. The historical range has been between 100 and 200. You could call it 200, it would be within the range, toward the high end. 
Andre Hawaux :  I think you answered it, Chris, that's spot on. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers. 
 Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Any opportunities to accelerate some of the productivity opportunities you have? I know you talked about phase 2. I don't remember getting details yet or when would we perhaps see what's coming down the pipe from the Phase 2? 
Chris Klinefelter :  We have not publicly talked about Phase 2, so we're still on Phase 1. I think one of the things you have to remember, Andrew, one of the things Gary articulated in his speech, we did too much too fast on the productivity. To answer your question, would we want to accelerate some things? I think one of the things we learned this quarter is that we had a lot on our people's pates in a lot on our plans and I think we probably feel that we know what we need to do there and accelerating it probably may not be the answer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : You mentioned some of these start-up inefficiencies and transferring production. It sounds like you did have a lot going on. Did that translate into out of stock issues at the retail level, or is it really just costs that were added that you'll cycle out of as the year progresses? 
Gary Rodkin: Very astute, Christine. Yes, we did have some blips in our service levels in some of these transformation projects, which should be correcting as the year goes on. So you're right, it has a lot of reverberations when you load your plate up too much. I think it's just real important to remember and this is a big mea culpa for me, we had so much the major diversion of resources from getting peanut butter back on track coupled with too many projects for our product supply folks and engineering to handle stretched the resources just too thin and that's a tough lesson learned, but we're course correcting as we speak. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : You mentioned some of it, though, I think maybe a shortfall in systems and I'm wondering, is that something that's going to take a while to fix, or is it that it was just stretching what you have too far? 
Gary Rodkin: Christine, I'm sorry, I didn't quite understand that. What was the question about systems? 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : You had mentioned in an answer to one of the earlier questions that systems kind of let you down, I'm just wondering is it that the systems are an impediment, is that going to take a while to fix? 
Gary Rodkin:  I don't remember that particular comment. It may be related to our trade management program. I think that's probably what the system that I mentioned, that we don't have the systems in place yet for our trade management and that is really coming, starting in the second half. That's I think the only system that we talked about. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Klinefelter, I'll hand the conference back to you for final remarks and closing comments. 
Chris Klinefelter : Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. As always, we're available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
