===== 2025 Q2  (2025-03-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Campbell's Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell's. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell's second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Campbell's Chief Investor Relations Officer. Joining me today are Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Executive Officer; and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, thecampbellscompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. Slide 2 outlines today's agenda. Mick will provide insights into our second quarter performance as well as our in-market performance by division. Please recall that effective first quarter fiscal '25, we are using Circana MULO+ for in-market data. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full fiscal year '25. As we noted in this morning's press release, the company's guidance does not reflect any impact from the imposition of import tariffs by the US and potential retaliatory actions taken by other countries, as the tariff and trade environments are rapidly evolving at this time. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. And now, it is my pleasure to turn it over Mick Beekhuizen, our new Chief Executive Officer. Mick?
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone. Before I review our Q2 results, I want to start by expressing how honored and energized I am to lead the Campbell's team as CEO and accelerate the strategy that has been fueling our performance. Having helped shape Campbell's strategy since joining the company in 2019, most recently as President in our Meals & Beverages division, I'm committed to building upon the strong foundation we have in place. That starts with our talented people who are engaged, accountable and committed to winning. We have the best portfolio in the industry with category-leading brands in both divisions. These brands are important to our customers and highly relevant to our consumers. I am confident that we are well prepared to deliver top-tier performance. Similar to the first quarter, our Q2 earnings performance was in line with our expectations despite the dynamic operating environment. Unfortunately, the anticipated recovery of some of our snacks categories did not materialize during the quarter and as a result, our topline was slightly below expectations. We continued to invest behind our brands resulting in good overall in-market results with an aggregate stable market share. Ten out of our 16 leadership brands grew or held share in the quarter, a testament of the overall strength of our leadership brand portfolio. Going into the second half of the year, we're focused on maintaining the momentum within our Meals & Beverages division, while in our Snacks division we are focused on successful innovation, select brand support and price-pack architecture to meet consumer needs. From an operational perspective, we continued to make substantial progress on the Sovos integration and advanced various cost savings initiatives throughout the organization. On the flip side, our Snacks margin fell short of our expectations, driven by unfavorable mix and some operational headwinds in our Fresh Bakery business during the important holiday period. We are actively addressing both areas and, combined with a normalization of our commercial support, we expect our Snacks margin to improve sequentially throughout the second half of the fiscal year. As reported in our press release this morning, we updated our full year guidance to reflect the slower than anticipated recovery of our snacking categories impacting the outlook for our second half. We are committed to investing in our brand portfolio while accelerating certain cost savings initiatives to manage through the current consumer environment. We expect organic net sales to be in the range of down 2% to flat, adjusted EBIT of minus 3% to minus 5%, and an adjusted EPS range of $2.95 to $3.05. Carrie will provide more details in a moment. This updated guidance does not reflect any impact on our business from tariffs or other regulatory changes. This is a fluid situation, and we are working through mitigation plans for a variety of scenarios. Overall, we have work to do, but I feel confident in our plans for the second half. We have a strong brand portfolio supported by great talent that's focused on delivering results by partnering with our customers and meeting consumer needs. Now, let's turn to key highlights from our second quarter results. Turning to Slide 6, we delivered 9% growth in net sales reflecting the contribution from Sovos. Organic net sales were down 2% driven by relatively consistent performance within Meals & Beverages and weaker than anticipated snacking categories amid a competitive environment. Importantly, volumes in the second quarter remained flat, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of flat or increasing volume for the total enterprise. Adjusted EBIT increased 2% versus prior year and adjusted EPS was $0.74. The Sovos acquisition was slightly accretive to adjusted EPS in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7, in Q2 we saw stable performance with total company Leadership Brands flat on consumption while the majority grew or held share. As a reminder, our Leadership Brands represent approximately 90% of our enterprise net sales. Our Meals & Beverages Leadership Brands continued to demonstrate their strength with dollar consumption up 1%. 7 of 8 leadership brands grew or held share in the second quarter, and although Swanson broth consumption continued to grow during the quarter, the modest share decline was driven by the anticipated private-label recovery. In Snacks, we made progress versus Q1 from a share perspective in a couple of key areas such as Pepperidge Farm cookies and although still down year-over-year, Snyder's of Hanover pretzels. Similar to the first quarter, total Snacks consumption for our Leadership Brands was down about 1%. We have a strong differentiated portfolio of brands within our Snacks division and while we need to continue to evolve with the consumer, they provide a strong foundation for long-term growth. As shown on the next page, consumers continued to turn to some of our key brands during the Holidays driven by strong in-market support, including our successful sides season cooking and holiday cookie campaigns. Although dollar consumption for our holiday-focused brands was flat during the period, dollar share increased by 30 basis points. Specifically, our Campbell’s condensed cooking products had a successful holiday season, growing both dollar and volume share as well as volume consumption. The broth category was a top three driver of food growth during the holiday period, and Swanson and Pacific broth grew consumption with share declines driven by the anticipated private label recovery. As planned, we made significant investments in our Snacks brands to drive loyalty and win this important period. While both the bakery and cookie categories were soft, Pepperidge Farm, one of our three billion-dollar brands, delivered strong holiday performance outperforming categories via innovation and best-in-class execution across both cookies and stuffing. Turning to our Meals & Beverages division on slide 9, organic net sales declined 1% for the quarter, with continued volume and mix growth of 1%, which was consistent with the first quarter. On a pro-forma basis, with the addition of Sovos Brands, Meals & Beverages organic net sales were flat, with in-market dollar consumption increasing 1%. During the second quarter, we experienced a supplier disruption related to SpaghettiOs which contributed a one point decline to organic net sales. Turning to slide 10, our soup portfolio continued to benefit from increased at-home cooking activity, leading to growth in both condensed cooking and broth. However, eating soup categories, both within Condensed Eating and Ready to Serve, were slightly weaker. That being said, we marked our fifth consecutive quarter of volume share growth in Campbell's total wet soup, including Rao's. Campbell's condensed segment maintained its positive trajectory, continuing to gain share driven by strong performance of our cooking portfolio used in meal prep, especially during the holiday season, and strong household penetration growth. We have a broad and strong RTS portfolio with Chunky, Pacific and Rao's, all of which performed well in the quarter, gaining or holding share. This was offset by pressure in our RTS convenience portfolio and about a point of share headwind related to the de-listing of our Well Yes brand. In Broth, we benefited from continued category growth, particularly as private label has not yet fully recovered. We expect private label to continue to recover throughout the remainder of the year resulting in slight share pressure in the second half. However, if category growth continues, and private label recovery remains slow, we are well-positioned to meet increasing consumer demand with the strength of our supply chain network. With the number one and number two category leaders, Campbell's total Italian sauce portfolio shown on slide 11 outpaced the category in Q2 with dollar consumption of minus 5%, and a share gain of 1.4 points. With Prego and Rao's, we have 2 of the best positioned brands in Italian sauce, both of which are performing well against their roles in our portfolio. Starting with Prego, we saw steady growth both in dollars and volume consumption, and we grew dollar share by 20 basis points in the second quarter. Prego grew household penetration in the second quarter year-over-year with growth across all generational cohorts. Our ultra-distinctive Rao's sauce continued to outpace the Italian sauce category, resulting in 1.3 points of share gain in the quarter. The first quarter of fiscal '25 benefited from a shift in promotional timing, specifically in the club channel. On a first half basis, consumption increased by 11% and share was up 1.5 share points. This strong performance reinforces the strategic rationale for the acquisition and is a proof point of the successful integration of Sovos. Turning to slide 12, Rao's sauce delivered high-single-digit net sales growth in the second quarter and low teens growth for the first half. We continue to expect proforma year-over-year growth in fiscal '25 to be slightly above 10%. Over the long-term, consistent with what we shared at Investor Day, we expect Rao's to grow in the mid-single to high-single-digit range. Rao's brand equity remains exceptionally strong in terms of key metrics. Awareness, household penetration, repeat, and loyalty. What's particularly exciting is the substantial runway for expansion. Despite leading the ultra-distinctive Italian sauce category in dollar share, Rao's currently reaches only half as many households as our Prego brand and maintains just 60% of Prego's product assortment. We're accelerating Rao's brand awareness initiatives and expanding our innovation pipeline, having launched 10 new sauce products in the last year. You may have seen the latest activation which brings consumers along the Rao's Homemade journey to experience what makes each jar of Rao's so special and is a major point of difference from our competitors in the ultra-distinctive space. Millennial household adoption continued to surge at more than twice the category pace, reinforcing our conviction in Rao's long-term growth. The compelling value proposition of Rao's compared to mainstream Italian takeout continues to fuel incremental growth, allowing the brand to source volume from a significantly larger addressable market across a broad range of consumer income levels. With our strategic growth initiatives firmly in place, we remain confident in Rao's becoming our next $1 billion brand. Now let's turn to our Snacks portfolio. As previously mentioned, we delivered some encouraging in-market progress in key brands particularly during the Holidays. However, the anticipated category recovery did not materialize, resulting in organic net sales decline of 3%. About half of that came from our planned reduction in partner and contract brands. A key driver for overall performance was the 1% decline in consumption of our leadership brands which was consistent with our performance in Q1. Although Carrie will go through the details in a moment, I would like to talk about our Snacks margin for a minute. The margin for our Snacks business was down 370 basis points year-over-year. About half was driven by a planned increase in commercial investment to support incremental promotional activity and marketing during the holiday season. The remainder was from short-term operational supply chain headwinds particularly in our fresh bakery network that resulted in increased manufacturing and logistics costs to maintain service levels during the holidays, and unfavorable mix. We are proactively addressing our Snacks margin and anticipate a recovery in Q3 with a gradual improvement throughout the second half of the fiscal year. In fact, we are starting to lap more normalized promotional and marketing activity, and we are already seeing improvements from a supply chain perspective. Our Pepperidge Farm bakery business continued its in-market momentum from previous quarters as we maintained our overall share position. Additionally, we made sequential share progress on our Pepperidge Farm cookies business, driven by the holiday activation. Within the deli aisle, Snack Factory held share despite category headwinds. We continue to be excited about Snack Factory expanding into the snack aisle with Pop'ums and Bites. Our unique munchable and big flavor innovations that will now sit alongside Snyder’s Hanover distinct platforms. In salty snacks, our brands hold leading positions in attractive segments that are growing much faster than the total chips categories. Although new entrants and stepped-up promotions are putting pressure on shares, we have plans in place to continue to strengthen our position. In crackers, Lance continued to expand share and grow consumption. Within Goldfish we experienced weaker category performance and increased competitive promotional activity. Going into the second half of this fiscal year, we have integrated plans in place to support our Goldfish brand, with a focus on innovation, marketing support and price pack architecture initiatives. Our snacking categories are attractive and resilient, and we are well-positioned with an advantaged portfolio of relevant leadership brands. We have confidence in the action plans we have in place to improve our in-market performance and build momentum in the second half of the year starting with a robust innovation pipeline to deliver against consumer macro trends, including Better-For-You choices with products like Kettle Brand chips made with Avocado Oil. We are driving innovation and differentiation with new Goldfish LTO's such as Harry Potter Butterbeer Grahams, and other differentiated flavors. We are also strategically expanding accessibility and enhanced value across our Snacks portfolio by introducing new pack sizes and price points that provide consumers more choices for their favorite snacks from Pepperidge Farm Chessmen and Mini-Nantucket cookies in single-serve multi-packs to Goldfish in small size packs offering an attractive opening price point. Overall, I am excited about the opportunities within our Snacks portfolio. Before I turn it over to Carrie, I want to highlight our core focus areas as we move into the second half of fiscal '25. We plan to continue to invest to support the long-term growth of our 16 Leadership Brands through highly relevant, compelling innovation and marketing to drive excitement, awareness and volume. In our Snacks division, we continue to stay focused on navigating consumer and competitive category dynamics. Specifically, in the second half, we are focused on select brand support, successful innovation launches and some price-pack-architecture to stabilize our topline by the fourth quarter while we sequentially improve our Snacks margin. In Meals & Beverages, we're focused on maintaining the at-home cooking momentum throughout our portfolio, which includes managing our broth business as we expect private label supply to continue to recover. Additionally, we are focused on sustaining Rao's growth by driving brand awareness and innovation while we complete the integration. Across the company, we are intensifying our efforts to improve efficiency and effectiveness to support topline growth and maintain a healthy margin profile. As mentioned, addressing margin performance in our Snacks division is a top priority. Finally, we remain steadfast in our disciplined capital allocation strategy, ensuring we balance growth investments with shareholder returns as we navigate the dynamic consumer environment. With that, let me turn it over to Carrie to go over the Q2 results and our updated guidance in more detail.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mick, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter adjusted EPS was in line with our expectations, despite the dynamic operating environment Mick discussed earlier. And while the anticipated recovery of Snacks categories did not materialize to the extent we expected, and this translated into a softer top line with some added pressure on adjusted gross margin, our adjusted EBIT was in line with our expectations as well. Reported net sales increased 9% driven by the strong sales contribution from Sovos. Organic net sales, excluding the impact of the Sovos acquisition, the Pop Secret divestiture and currency, decreased 2%. Adjusted EBIT increased 2% due to the contribution from the acquisition, while adjusted EPS declined 8% to $0.74 due to higher interest expense from higher debt levels. The impact of the acquisition was slightly accretive to adjusted EPS in the quarter, which continued to exceed our expectations. Turning to Slide 19: As mentioned early, organic net sales for the second quarter were down 2% due to planned net price investment of 2% in support of the holiday season, with flat volume and mix. Sovos contributed 13 percentage points to reported net sales growth. On slide 20, second quarter adjusted gross profit margin declined 100 basis points, with margin in the base business down 60 basis points and a 40 basis point impact related to the acquisition. Base business margins were impacted by cost inflation and other supply chain costs and unfavorable net prize realization, partially mitigated by productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. Through the second quarter, we have delivered approximately $65 million of total savings under the $250 million cost savings program announced at our Investor Day in September 2024. Turning to slide 21, the total combined dollar spend on adjusted marketing and selling expenses and admin expenses increased compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting the integration of Sovos. However, these combined expenses remained flat as a percentage of net sales to the prior year. Within adjusted marketing and selling expenses, advertising and consumer promotion expense increased 25%. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 2%, driven by the benefits from cost savings initiatives, partially offset by the impact of the acquisition. As shown on slide 22, second quarter adjusted EBIT increased 2%, primarily due to higher adjusted gross profit, partially offset by an increase in adjusted marketing and selling expenses. On slide 23, adjusted EPS decreased 8% to $0.74, as adjusted EBIT growth was more than offset by higher interest expense, primarily related to the acquisition. Turning to slide 24, Meals & Beverages reported a 21% increase in net sales growth, due to the contribution of the acquisition. Organic net sales declined 1% compared to prior year, with a planned 2% investment in net realized price to support incremental promotional activity during the important holiday period, soup season and innovation launches, and favorable volume and mix of 1%. Second quarter operating earnings in the division increased 18% primarily due to the benefits of the acquisition, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses in the base business. Q2 operating margin for Meals & Beverages decreased 60 basis points to 17.3% driven primarily by the impact of the acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, operating margin in the base business was essentially flat year-over-year as increased marketing investment was largely offset by higher adjusted gross profit margin and lower adjusted administrative and R&D expenses. Second quarter organic net sales in Snacks decreased 3%, driven primarily by declines in third-party partner and contract brands, Goldfish crackers, and Snyders of Hanover pretzels. Sales were impacted by lower net price realization of 1% and volume and mix declines of 2%. About half of the sales declines were the result of lower third-party partner and contract brands sales. Snacks operating earnings in the quarter declined 29% due to higher marketing and selling investments and lower gross profit as the impact of inflation and other supply chain costs, unfavorable volume and mix, and lower net price realization were only partially offset by supply chain productivity and benefits from cost savings initiatives. Q2 operating margin for Snacks decreased 370 basis points to 11.3%. Roughly half of the margin decline compared to the prior year was driven by planned increased promotional and marketing investments to support our brands during the critical holiday season. The other half resulted from increased supply chain costs, which Mick mentioned earlier, primarily in our fresh bakery network, as well as unfavorable mix. Although we continued to advance our cost savings and productivity initiatives, these were not sufficient to offset these headwinds. We do anticipate Snacks margins to improve sequentially throughout Q3 and Q4 as compared to Q2. Supply chain costs have already shown improvement since the beginning of the calendar year, marketing spend as a percentage of sales is expected to decrease post the holiday period and we will have easier net price comparisons and expect a more favorable mix, particularly in Q4. Additionally, we are focused on driving SG&A efficiencies to further support margin enhancement going forward. Turning to slide 26, we generated $737 million in operating cash flow in the second quarter year-to-date, an 8% increase from the prior year period. Capital expenditures were $211 million year-to-date, and reflect investments to support growth, asset sustainability, and initiatives to drive productivity, cost savings and enhanced business capabilities. We also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders, with $227 million of dividends paid and $56 million in anti-dilutive share repurchases year-to-date. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter was 3.7 times, reflecting the financing of the Sovos acquisition, which is similar to our ratio at the end of the first quarter. We remain committed to investment grade ratings and our goal is to return to our three times net leverage target in fiscal '27. At the end of the second quarter, the company had approximately $829 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.85 billion available under our revolving credit facility. Based on year-to-date performance and the slower than anticipated recovery in some snacking categories, we are updating our full year fiscal 2025 guidance. Our updated guidance also reflects the divestiture of noosa, which was completed on February 24th. As Mick mentioned earlier, our guidance does not incorporate any impact that may result from tariffs or other regulatory matters. We are now expecting full year reported net sales to increase approximately 6% to 8%, which includes a one point impact from the noosa divestiture. Full year organic net sales is expected in a range of down 2% to flat, excluding the 53rd week. The lower organic net sales expectation is a result of a more muted volume-mix contribution in the second half following the weaker than anticipated recovery in snacking categories in the second quarter. As a reminder, Sovos moves into organic growth in mid-Q3, and our base Meals & Beverages business will be cycling the broth net sales benefit in fiscal 2024 resulting from private label supply constraints. We expect adjusted EBIT growth of 3% to 5%, inclusive of the impact of the divestiture of noosa. While the slower recovery in snacking categories has translated into lower top line for the full year, we are driving additional momentum in our enterprise cost savings initiatives to help mitigate some of this pressure on earnings and margin. As a result of our strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our cost savings expectations for the full year from $90 million to $120 million. This includes savings from the integration of Sovos and several previously discussed network optimization projects across both divisions. Combined, our cost savings program and our planned 3% productivity initiatives are expected to more than offset inflation, which we anticipate to remain in the low-single-digit range. Additionally, we expect adjusted marketing and selling expense for the full-year and the second half to be at the lower end of our targeted range of 9% to 10% of net sales. Adjusted earnings per share is now expected be in a range of $2.95 to $3.05 inclusive of the one cent dilutive impact of the divestiture of noosa. Full year net interest expense is expected to be between $325 million to $330 million, reflecting the benefit of the after-tax proceeds from the noosa divestiture, which will be used to reduce debt. At the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect second half organic net sales growth to sequentially improve from Q2, turning positive in the fourth quarter, and we would expect second half adjusted EPS to be more equally distributed, excluding the 53rd week. Finally, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 4.7% of net sales, a slight change to reflect cash timing. To wrap up, we believe in the strength of our portfolio and our ability to continue to execute our strategic priorities. Looking ahead, we are focused on the elements within our control. We are committed to a balanced, disciplined approach to protect and expand our market-leading positions across both divisions while maintaining operational excellence and delivering continued cost savings. We have a flexible balance sheet, strong cash flow generation and financial discipline. We have proven our resiliency to navigate challenging environments, and I am confident in our team's ability to deliver our second half plans, while executing our roadmap for long-term, sustainable value creation. Before turning it over to the operator, I'll close by thanking the entire Campbell's team for their hard work and contributions, particularly as we maneuver through this dynamic environment. That concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, operator, let's begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Mick, as we think about the fiscal second half, I guess, I'm trying to get a better sense of sort of what actions are specifically driving the lower profit outlook really with an eye towards understanding if the revised guidance is sort of giving the company enough room to get Snacks back on track in the context of a slower sort of category rebound and more competitive environment? And maybe as a second piece to this, last quarter, Campbell expected net price to be less than 100 basis point headwind to organic sales and I'm just wondering if that's changed with the new guidance. Thanks so much.
Mick Beekhuizen: Great. Morning, Andrew. So let me take the first part and then, Carrie, if you can follow up on the second piece. And maybe what I'll do, Andrew, is let me step back for a minute and give you a little bit of context about the revised guidance and the different piece, which I think addresses what you're getting at. If you look at the Q1 call, we said that it's going to be important to see how the second quarter and the holiday season come together and that's going to be a good indicator for us for the outlook for the second half of the year. Of course, first of all, when I look at Meals & Beverages and across the board, the business is performing in line with our original expectations and if anything, I'm actually encouraged by some of the momentum that we have there in the business. Now with regard to our Snacks business, obviously a believer in our business. However, unfortunately, the broader snacking categories didn't improve as we had originally anticipated and particularly that pertains to key categories such as cookies and crackers. They were softer. So as a result, we revised our outlook for the full year to reflect that broader operating environment. Now, that being said, at the same time, while we're making progress on cost savings productivity initiatives, you did see that our Snacks margin for the quarter was lower than what we had anticipated. And although I believe we're going to continue to make sequential progress on the Snacks margin, I don't think we'll achieve the margin level that we previously communicated for the year, which gets a little bit back to your question. So if you then look at our midpoint of our EPS guidance range, excluding noosa, we're down about $0.16, which with a reduction in interest expense results in an EBIT reduction of about $80 million. I'll call $60 million of debt is driven by this next top line reduction of give or take $200 million and that translates in if you take a 30% gross margin and about $60 million of EBIT. At the midpoint, we are assuming that the top line growth within our overall business is going to sequentially improve from Q2 and then turn positive in the fourth quarter. Now the other $20 million of the $80 million of EBIT reduction is a net effect of a reduction in our Snacks margin outlook for the full year and incremental cost savings initiatives. And regarding our Snacks margin, although we're still expecting to make sequential progress, I now expect that margins will be more in that 13.5% range for the full year. So stepping back and you look at the range of our EPS, at the mid-level, I described that we would have that sequential recovery on the organic sales and if you look at the high end of the range, I basically expect that snacks would more quickly recover on the lower end of the range, expecting basically that we have no top line recovery on our Snacks business throughout the remainder of the year, while we continue to focus on cost saving initiatives to support our brands. So in that mid-range, if you look at particularly our Snacks business, we expect that stabilization on top line by the fourth quarter.
Carrie Anderson: And then regarding your question on price, I'd say, certainly in Q1, we had about 100 basis points of net price investment. In Q2, we talked about stepping that up to about 200 basis points. And so as I think about the second half, we're going to start to lap some of that increased promotion investment from the prior year. So we would expect promotion to be less of a headwind in the second half, but still a headwind and I think our guidance that Mick just walked through sufficiently provides room for the right amount of promotion investment to support the second half and our recovery. And look we'll be -- when and where we'll always be in a -- we'll maintain competitive pricing gaps and support our innovation launches and our guidance certainly would support that.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Salera from Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jim Salera: Guys, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Mick, I actually wanted to follow up on some of your commentary there. So could you maybe walk us through what you're assuming for the consumer recovery in the back half of the year? And if I think about the mix of where potential outperformance, underperformance could come from in Snacks? Would it be that the category improves and you guys kind of improve alongside the category or there's opportunity with some of the innovation that you have and maybe some of the promotional activity you have to gain share even if the category remains softer? And maybe as like a second piece to that, on Slide 7, Goldfish was one of the brands that I believe did not grow or hold share and you spoke to some of that in the prepared remarks. But just thinking about some of the innovation there and I know you guys had some flavor extensions on Crisps and you mentioned Harry Potter LTOs. Just how should we think about that particularly contributing to either share gains or holding or losing share in the context of the broader category recovery?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for the question. I think it's a good question. And let me try to take it in different pieces. So first of all with regard to our Snacks business, as I mentioned, we are expecting from a top line perspective that Q3 will continue to be an environment which I expect to look relatively similar to what we are seeing in Q2. Then if you go into Q4, we're assuming the stabilization from a top line perspective. Now if I take the overall second half and with what we are -- on the one end, we're obviously focused on what the categories are doing. But on the other hand, we're obviously also very focused on what we are doing, which comes back a little bit to what you're describing with a brand or a core brand for us like Goldfish and this does go across a broader portfolio, right? We have eight amazing leadership brands within our Snacks portfolio and we need to make sure that we work on every single one of them within these different categories. That being said, there are certain ones like as you pointed out like Goldfish where we are particularly focused in making sure that we're making progress. Goldfish and you see it in some of the Scanner data and you also heard me talk about it in the context here is not where we currently want it to be. We're focused on bringing growth back to Goldfish. Goldfish is highly relevant and I think the team has great plans in place for the broader portfolio of snacking brands, but then also Goldfish specifically. And when I look at Goldfish, it's really coming back to, on the one hand, making sure that we have that proper support in place that the team is currently working through, whether it's on the one hand in and around the promotional support in the marketplace. Carrie talked a little bit about that. The team is working through that. And then on the flip side, of course, making sure that we get the Goldfish message out there, which really resonates with the consumer and as a result that support is going to be very important. Now, at the same time, the team has, as you described, some great innovation that is currently coming into the marketplace and we're putting a lot of time and energy behind it to make sure that we are executing it to its fullest extent. Now then finally, when I think about value, which is a important component in the current consumer environment and we obviously see it across our broader Campbell's portfolio. But right now maybe even a little bit more pronounced on the snacking side because of its discretionary nature, we need to make sure that we have the right price points in the marketplace for the right occasion, for the right purchase occasion. That then also comes back to price back architecture. And that's one of the other areas that you see within our broader snacking portfolio, but it also then comes to fruition within Goldfish and making sure that we have this proper entry point into Goldfish as a brand or the cracker category.
Jim Salera: Great. I appreciate the detail. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. On snacking, just in light of some of the top line challenges as well as your comment that the margin will be down this year, how confident are you that you can still achieve your target of 17% in fiscal '27? And maybe more importantly, how confident are you that 17% regardless of the timeline is still a reasonable goal as we look ahead into future years? Thank you.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Thank you, Ken. When I look at this next margin and particularly where we're currently at, of course, so maybe just first of all stating what might seem obvious is the Q2 level is not where we should be, will be and are going to be going forward and I think we laid that out pretty in a lot of detail in the prepared remarks. But when I look forward and with where we're at, focus on that sequential improvement going into the second half of various reasons to believe, I know the team is all over that. Of course, we're working through some of these operational challenges, but at the same, the team is also identifying continued savings. Obviously, ending the year at a lower level than we had originally where we wanted to be. That being said, as I step back and I look at the different building blocks that we had identified in the past and we stay focused on whether it is our broader network that we've been working on, including the DSD as well as some of the mix improvements, I still believe that these different building blocks are there in order to improve our overall Snacks margin, while we also continue to support our brands. So that's not a key reason for us that we're continuing to stay very focused on it. So putting all these different pieces together, I'm still confident that we're going to see a positive trajectory towards that 17%. I think to your point in and around timing, I do agree that with where we're currently at, it feels a little bit like you're pushing that a little bit back and I think we're going to learn a lot about the overall environment that we're operating in from a Snacks perspective in the next six months and that is going to be really important and it's going to inform us also going into fiscal '26 to make sure that we support our brand portfolio for long-term value creation.
Carrie Anderson: Just to pick up on what Mick said, in terms of if you go back to some of our comments around Investor Day, we did outline a lot of those drivers in margin into mix point. Those building blocks are still there. A key one is around favorable mix that should lead to margin expansion around growth in the leadership brands and with a lower scale brand, so your partner contract brands will be coming down over the next few years relative to the growth in leadership brands, that will be a mixed driver along with what Mick talked about in terms of network optimization and our DSD optimization as it relates to both the warehousing logistics piece, but also as we talked about the route optimization pieces that we talked about last year. So all of those things are there. Obviously, we've got some short-term pressure that -- of top line pressure that's putting that pressure on the margin right now, but all of those levers are still there.
Ken Goldman: Can I ask a very quick follow up and thank you for that. Rao's.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes.
Ken Goldman: You kept your guidance. The data has been decelerating in both one and two year basis or on those basis. How comfortable are you with the rate of change in consumption? I mean, obviously, you seem to be pretty comfortable just given that you reiterated, but how should investors think about what we're seeing from some of the syndicated and alternative data out there for that brand?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Ken, thank you for asking the question because we are obviously also very focused on making sure that we continue to grow Rao's also because I'm a very big believer in the brand and you do see it in the broader results. However, to your point, a little bit of that deceleration looks like between in Q2 versus Q1. Now when you peel that on in a little bit further back, what you're going to find is that there's actually certain particular club activity that shifted between the two quarters and as a result, going into the second half, we feel pretty good where all the different pieces come together in order to expect that slightly above, call it, 10% is what we are working towards to for the full year.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning, Mick and Carrie.
Mick Beekhuizen: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Thank you for the question. I wanted to circle back on the EPS cadence for the back half of the year. I believe, Carrie, in your remarks, you mentioned that EPS delivery would be relatively even between 3Q and 4Q if we kind of ignore the 53rd week. And I just like very quickly going back through the history, that's just never been the case. 4Q has always been a much lower EPS delivery quarter relative to 3Q, maybe outside of one year over the past 20, but historically, it's been much, much lower seasonally. So just what gives you the confidence in delivering kind of on that even delivery in the back half of the year, given seasonality, given what we've seen historically, I think that's going to be just a big a big question from investors, but as they kind of contemplate the updated guidance?
Carrie Anderson: Yes. I think as you think about the third quarter, a couple of things to think in mind is that as Mick talked about for Snacks top line, we wouldn't expect to see that stabilization until the fourth quarter. So you're still going to see some pressure there in the third quarter on the snacking margin as we move through the year. So I think our -- my comment on that equal split, excluding that 53rd week is reflecting the fact that you'll still have some pressure there on the snacking side in the P&L. And you also have, I think, the fact that in the fourth quarter, I think you're right, Peter, in terms of acknowledging that that maybe not be the seasonal trend, but you've also got some -- the benefit of lapping some higher promotional investment from last year that will help obviously the top line, but it will also help the bottom line as well. So it's a piece -- it's those two pieces that I would say are a big piece of how we think about the phasing for the third and the fourth quarter.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks, Carrie, for that. That's helpful. And, Mick, just if I could, I think your tone is or that the company's tone has changed a bit in your prepared remarks as it relates to broth. It seemed like there was maybe a better delivery in the quarter, maybe even than you expected and potentially that there's been a slight change in how you're viewing the back half as you think about private label coming back online, not that that's not contemplated, but that at least maybe things are holding up a touch better. So just wanted to understand, anticipating the broth headwinds, kind of whether your expectations have changed at all in the back half from maybe more negative to maybe slightly less negative versus your initial expectations? Thanks very much.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Good observation and you're right. If I look back at about, call it, even last quarter around the overall broth trajectory, I think it's probably twofolds. I think, on the one end, I think the category is holding up really well and it comes back to what I described in my prepared remarks as well in and around Meals & Beverages. We're definitely seeing that trend of continued cooking at home supporting a variety of the categories and a variety of the brands within our Meals & Beverage portfolio and broth with both Swanson as well specific being one of those and then so categories doing well. We got two great brands that continue to do well in the marketplace and at the same time, private label is recovering, however, a little bit slower than anticipated. Now if I look at the back end specifically to your question, yes, I still expect that to be a little bit of a headwind, however, a little bit less than what was previously anticipated. If either the category performs better than what we expect or private label is recovering slower, we will obviously try to do whatever we can with our supply chain who has done a -- they've done a phenomenal job in order to make sure that we can provide supply. We will continue to work with our customers to make sure that our product is on the shelf.
Carrie Anderson: Yes. And I mentioned that in my prepared remarks that a reminder that Sovos moves into our organic growth mid Q3, but we will still have the broth year-over-year headwinds as we lap the benefit that we had last year in the second half. But to Mick's point, lower than what we initially expected. And again another shout out to our supply chain team that is really over-delivering as it relates to our -- satisfying that broth demand.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. You mentioned on the call that competitive intensity in crackers has heightened now and for the past three quarters or so, I think we've been dealing with a competitive intensity being higher in salty snacks. So, Mick, do you view both of these as similar phenomenons? I can see it in the data, there's been price investments in crackers. Do you need to make similar investments for Goldfish to keep up with that? And should we be thinking about kind of a bit of a reset for the Goldfish margin as a result?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. So thank you, Rob, for the question. So first of all, of course, with regard to salty, you're right, it is a competitive category. We have experienced that for a couple of quarters. That being said, we have a couple of highly differentiated brands that are leaning a little bit more towards the better-for-you proposition in that particular category and it's something that we are going to continue to build upon specifically with regards to some of the innovation and I mentioned that also in my prepared remarks. The categories that, call it, like subcategory within salty as a result that we are participating in is a category that has a little bit of tailwind. So I feel pretty good about it. Now that being said, back to what I said earlier around price pack architecture and making sure that we have proper -- attractive value proposition, that's probably the second thing that we think a lot about and making sure that we as a result provide the -- our product at the proper price points including entry price point for the consumer in salty. So salty, long story short, differentiated brands in combination with attractive innovation that plays right into some of those consumer needs and then we need to make sure that we focus on the price pack architecture aspects to provide that value to the consumer. If I then go to crackers, I think crackers is a little bit of a different dynamic. So first of all, we have actually two brands within crackers. We have obviously Lance. Lance is doing well and I think it is a brand that's obviously a little bit in the background, but it provides an attractive entry price point. It is great value for the consumer and on top of it, it provides that portable protein proposition that consumers are looking for. So when I look at Lance, I mean, we've grown consumption there. Share has been relatively flat, but I know the teams are working hard to continue to get more out there in and around Lance. Then from a Goldfish perspective, to your point around what are we doing on that, as I mentioned earlier, that is a key focus area for us because it is a core brand for us. It's really important to make sure that we get Goldfish back to growth. And I don't look at it as a -- or let's put it this way, I look at it much more like we need to really continue to reiterate our overall Goldfish proposition, which is very attractive. Goldfish is a brand that is generally well positioned, has grown with its core consumer. Yes, we are starting to lapse of some of that Crisps launch from last year, which obviously did really well. That's something that we've got to manage through. But the core Goldfish proposition is an attractive proposition that we need to continue to reiterate. Now at the same time, back to your point around competitive intensity, we do need to make sure that we have the proper level of promotional activity and that's what the team is currently working through and that also comes back to having a proper entry price points, which is that reference to the price pack architecture that I had earlier. So a lot of, call it, like moving pieces there, but I know the team is all over it and obviously, Goldfish is a core brand for us to make sure that we're successful there.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can I ask a quick follow up. Have you started doing any math on what the tariff environment might mean for your steel can costs? I know it was an issue several years ago and these tariffs can be even more substantial than that. So would it pass through in terms of like price surcharges from your supplier if it excludes that.
Mick Beekhuizen: Maybe, yes, Rob, of course, maybe I'll actually talk a little bit more broadly about tariffs because it sounds like you dealt with some of this with Campbell's in the past, but kind of if I look at this particular situation, it's obviously evolving and it's multifaceted. It's -- on the one end, we have the country tariffs with both Canada and Mexico specifically for us and then also some of the proposed steel and aluminum tariffs. When -- and then there might even be additional tariffs that we are obviously closely monitoring the situation and making sure we develop plans if they were to come to fruition. Now with regard to the mention of the fluid situation, as you might have heard yesterday, the Commerce Secretary actually hinted yesterday is that some of the country tariffs might actually be adjusted today. So again we'll see what it all means. We don't know all the specifics yet. But if it gets implemented as we currently -- as is currently announced, we are importing from Canada both thin plate steel, which is used in our cans as well as canola oil used for our chips. On the flip side, with some of the reference to the retaliatory tariffs, those mainly relate to Canadian exports. So we are producing our soup in the United States and we're importing it into Canada. And that would obviously have an impact on that business. Now, from a mitigation perspective, we're closely working with our suppliers to mitigate potential impact. At the same time, depending on how long these tariffs would be in place as well as the extent of the tariffs, we might need to take other actions and that could include, for instance, pricing for some of our products. Now that being said, I'm obviously going to be very focused to make sure that we provide a good value to our consumers.
Operator: We are out of time for questions today. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-12-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Campbell's Company Q1 Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell's. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy : Good morning, and welcome to The Campbell's Company first quarter fiscal ‘25 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Campbell’s Chief Investor Relations Officer. And joining me today are Mark Clouse, Chief Executive Officer, and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The prepared remarks, the slide deck and earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, thecampbellscompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. Slide 2 outlines today's agenda. Mark will provide insights into our first quarter performance as well as our in-market performance by division. Please note effective first quarter fiscal ‘25 and going forward, we are using Circana MULO+ for in-market data. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full fiscal year 25, which we reaffirmed last night. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. Before I turn it over to Mark one last time, I wanted to personally thank you Mark for your extraordinary leadership and unwavering commitment to excellence. And now with that, Mark.
Mark Clouse : Before we review our results, I want to take a moment to address last night’s announcements of my plans to retire from Campbell’s and transition with the incoming CEO over the next two months. I'd like to congratulate Mick Beekhuizen on becoming the 15th CEO in Campbell’s 155-year history. The Board and I have full confidence in his readiness to lead this great team and company. As I prepare to step back, Campbell’s could not be better positioned for the future. I believe that Campbell’s has the top leadership team in the business. They are experienced, engaged and fully committed to setting the standard for performance. Together, we built the best portfolio in all of food and transformed the company. This enables me to make this decision with the utmost confidence in the company’s trajectory going forward. With our strategy firmly rooted and our team highly engaged and aligned, I am certain that Campbell’s future is bright. Leaving Campbell’s was not an easy choice. Since I was a boy, sports have played a very important part of my life, and the idea of working in the world of sports -- and in particular, the NFL has been a lifelong goal. It is truly a once in a lifetime moment to become the Team President of the Washington Commanders. I am incredibly grateful to Josh Harris and the Washington Commanders ownership group for the opportunity to lead this iconic franchise into a new chapter of growth. I look forward to supporting ownership, and the entire Commanders team in doing everything in our power to build a championship-caliber organization. These last six years have been an incredible privilege and honor, as well as the most rewarding professional experience in my nearly 30 years of working in the food industry. Without question what made it so special is the entire Campbell’s team. Seeing their passion and commitment day-in and day-out was a great source of inspiration for me through what proved to be an incredible journey. I’d also like to thank the Campbell’s Board of Directors and investors for their trust and support over these last six years. Now, let’s turn to Campbell’s first-quarter results. We began fiscal ‘25 with a first quarter generally in-line with our expectations, with net sales up 10% reflecting the momentum that Sovos added to our top-line performance. Organic net sales were down 1% reflecting a continued dynamic consumer environment and some impact due to movements in retailer inventory levels influenced by the later timing of the Thanksgiving holiday this year. We delivered 6% year-over-year growth in adjusted EBIT and an adjusted EPS of $0.89. Excluding Sovos, in-market performance was flat – in-line with expectations, with the difference between our organic net sales and in-market consumption explained by the later Thanksgiving holiday that I mentioned earlier for Meals and Beverages, and lower partner brands net sales in Snacks. Importantly our 16 Leadership Brands showed growth in both dollar consumption and share in the quarter. Including Sovos on a pro forma basis, in-market dollar consumption was positive 2%. The team continues to do an excellent job navigating the complex environment, while delivering strong productivity, cost savings and remaining ahead of our plans on the integration of the Sovos business. We reaffirmed our fiscal ‘25 guidance which reflects our expectation of steady progress and incorporates an appropriate level of pragmatism. The upcoming second quarter, which includes the critical holiday season, will serve as an important milestone for progress in delivering our full-year commitments. We expect sequential top-line and market share momentum in Q2 with continuing progression into the second half of our fiscal year. Carrie will provide more details on guidance in a moment. On slide 6, I want to briefly expand upon the material benefit we are experiencing with the integration of Sovos. While our Q1 organic net sales declined 1% from the prior year with flat volume and mix, when including the pro forma contribution from Sovos, total company net sales would have been flat to the prior year with positive volume and mix. The growth of Sovos, and specifically the Rao’s brand, is exceeding our expectation, and adding important momentum to our Meals & Beverages division and the company. The overall food sector continues to reflect improvement, with favorable trends across multiple fronts starting with improving consumer confidence. We are seeing further stabilization in food volumes as prices continue to normalize, and we continue to anticipate on-going recovery throughout fiscal year 2025. Although not every category is recovering at the same pace, we continue to be encouraged by this overall progress, and with 75% of our portfolio in growing categories, we continue to be in an advantaged position as the consumer recovery continues. As we recently discussed at our Investor Day, we have transformed Campbell’s portfolio and have evolved the way we talk about our most important brands. We call these 16 brands our Leadership Brands with eight in Meals and Beverages and eight in Snacks. In the first quarter, these brands represented the majority of total enterprise net sales and segment operating earnings and held advantaged #1 or #2 positions in almost all of their respective categories. In Q1, Leadership Brands grew dollar consumption by nearly 2% with positive share growth. We continue to experience pockets of competitive pressure in certain Snack categories from new entrants and some continued trade-down to private label in salty snacks and cookies. However, we remain confident in the strength of our Leadership Brands and our plans throughout the balance of the year. Now let’s take a closer look at each respective division. Moving to our Meals & Beverages division on Slide 9, organic net sales were flat compared to the prior year with volume and mix growth of 1%. Net sales were impacted by movements in retailer inventory driven by the later timing of the Thanksgiving holiday this year. This is evident in the higher 2%-dollar in-market consumption growth, reflecting a 200-basis point difference to organic net sales growth. On a pro forma basis, with the addition of Sovos brands, Meals & Beverages net sales grew 2%, fueled by 3% volume and mix growth, with in-market dollar consumption increasing 5%. Turning to page 10, our Soup portfolio strengthened in Q1 as expected, with Campbell’s dollar consumption increasing modestly ahead of or in-line with the category average. This is the third consecutive quarter of dollar share growth, driven by broth and our condensed cooking segments, along with improving Ready-to-Serve trends as we head into soup season. In broth, Swanson continued to benefit from the combination of increased category usage and private label service challenges. Private label is recovering, and we expect modest share headwinds in the second quarter with that increasing in the second half of the fiscal year as private label fully recovers. As we have said previously, although we expect share to normalize over the next 12 months, the incremental growth and households we added to our brands during this period gives us an excellent opportunity to retain more of those consumers going forward. Our condensed soup segment grew share for the fourth consecutive quarter, led by our red and white cooking soups growing share and outpacing private label as consumers continue to cook at home with quality brands they trust. We expect condensed eating soup to improve with colder weather. And finally, as expected, we saw stabilization in our Ready-to-Serve portfolio. We gained share, led by strong performance in Chunky, Rao’s and Homestyle driven by our focus on innovation, marketing, and in-store execution across the entire Ready-to-Serve portfolio. This growth also includes the planned de-listment of Well Yes! representing just under a share point of headwind in the quarter. Looking at our Italian sauce portfolio on slide 11, the combination of Rao's and Prego continues to deliver exceptional momentum across this billion-dollar platform. The remarkable performance of Rao's stands out, with in-market consumption maintaining a robust 15% growth. This momentum pairs beautifully with Prego, which delivered a 5% increase in-market. By positioning these powerhouse brands to serve distinct consumer segments and price tiers, we've created an impressive platform to expand our market presence and fulfill diverse consumer preferences. Our sauce portfolio exemplifies our ability to capture growth across multiple segments, while maintaining strong brand equity in both the premium and mainstream spaces. Rao's continues to perform better than expected, and now we expect pro forma growth in fiscal ‘25 to be slightly above 10% versus the previous guided high-single-digits. Over the long-term, we continue to expect Rao’s growth to settle in at a mid-single-digit growth range. Additionally, integration is progressing exceptionally well, as the Distinctive Brands team drives both operational excellence and strategic advancement across the portfolio. What excites us most is the substantial headroom for expansion. While Rao's leads the Italian sauce category in dollar share, it achieves this despite reaching only half as many households as Prego and maintaining just 60% of the SKU assortment of Prego. Our research shows particularly strong momentum, with millennial household adoption surging at more than twice the category's pace. This remarkable traction with younger demographics strengthens our conviction about Rao's long-term potential. We are also excited about expanding into promising segments like Alfredo varieties and even more premium offerings such as white truffle marinara, which we believe will further accelerate household penetration. One area that continues to fuel incremental growth is the strong value and quality comparison between Rao’s and mainstream Italian take out. This position allows Rao’s to source volume from a far bigger addressable market and a broader range of consumer income levels. Turning to our Snacks business on slide 14, we delivered encouraging progress in several key areas despite facing a 2% decline in organic net sales. Worth noting is that organic net sales were impacted by approximately 1 percentage point from our planned reduction in Partner brands reflecting our strategic and deliberate portfolio reshaping efforts discussed at our recent Investor Day. This strategy allows us to concentrate resources on our differentiated Leadership Brands where we see the greatest potential for sustainable growth and margin enhancement. As shown on Slide 15, in Q1, we saw overall snacking categories beginning to recover as expected, we held or grew share in several areas, with solid performance in our crackers, fresh bakery and deli snack segments, while navigating a more competitive environment in the salty snacks segment, and cookies. Let me start with what is working well. Goldfish held its #1 position with teens in the first quarter during the important back-to-school season, and consumers continued enthusiastic response to platforms like Goldfish Crisps, validating the extendibility of this $1 billion brand. Pepperidge Farm bakery continued its momentum from the fourth quarter, growing both in volume and share as both innovation and in-market execution continue to fuel momentum. And in deli, Snack Factory, including our seasonal Pumpkin Spice pretzels, delivered in-market growth and share gains. We are incredibly excited about Snack Factory expanding into the pretzel aisle with Pop‘ums and Bites, unique munchable and big flavor additions that will now sit alongside our Snyder’s of Hanover unique platforms. In salty snacks, although new entrants and some stepped-up promotion are putting pressure on shares, the competitive environment has remained constructive. We have fully integrated plans in Q2 that include innovation, marketing, and some increases in appropriate promotion to remain competitive and defend in key core segments. In cookies and pretzels, we have experienced more pressure from private label. In these areas, we will remain disciplined on pricing, while ramping up advertising and innovation, especially as we head into the key holiday season. These past weeks, you would have seen our full line of Pepperidge Farm holiday cookies is on display with our first ever collectible holiday cookie jars; Fancy Santa returns to help support the launch of White Chocolate Milano’s, and get ready to build Snyder’s Pretzel log homes, and give the Gingerbread people a break this holiday season. In summary, consumer trends and category recovery continue to make progress. Although not every category is recovering at the same pace, we continue to expect an improving environment through the balance of our fiscal ‘25. Our first quarter results were generally aligned with our expectations, propelled by the Sovos Brands acquisition, strong Leadership Brand performance, and continued best-in-class execution. We are ensuring that we are well positioned in Q2 for the key holiday season and expect Q2 to demonstrate sequential improvement as we maintain our pace toward delivering our full-year fiscal ‘25 guidance. We made significant progress with the Sovos Brands integration, and behind the strength of the Rao’s brand we now expect the acquisition to be accretive to adjusted EPS in fiscal ‘25. Overall, with our continued confidence in the team, portfolio and execution we remain well-positioned to continue to navigate the environment as it continues to improve. With that, let me turn it over to Carrie.
Carrie Anderson : Thanks Mark, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results were generally in line with our expectations, with overperformance from Sovos Brands, and an earnings performance in line with expectations. Reported net sales were up 10% driven by the strong sales contribution from Sovos. Organic net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and currency, decreased 1%, reflecting a continued dynamic consumer environment and some impact due to the movements in retailer inventory levels influenced by the later timing of the Thanksgiving holiday this year. Adjusted EBIT grew 6% reflecting the strong contribution from the acquisition, while adjusted EPS decreased 2% to $0.89 due to higher interest expense stemming from higher levels of debt. The impact of the acquisition was approximately neutral to adjusted EPS in the quarter, which continued to exceed our expectations. Turning to slide 21, as mentioned earlier, organic net sales for the first quarter were down 1%. This was driven by flat volume and mix, offset by anticipated unfavorable net price of 1%. Sovos Brands added 12 percentage points to reported net sales growth. On slide 22, first quarter adjusted gross profit margin declined 70 basis points, primarily driven by a 60-basis point impact from the acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, our base business adjusted gross margin was down a modest 10 basis points with productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives largely offsetting inflation and other supply chain cost and planned unfavorable net price realization. For the full year, we expect our planned productivity and cost savings initiatives to be more than sufficient to offset the impact of low-single digit core inflation for the full year. In the first quarter, we delivered approximately $30 million of savings under the new $250 million cost savings program, of which approximately $9 million was Sovos integration savings. Turning to Slide 23, marketing and selling expenses and admin expenses increased in total dollar spend from the prior year, reflecting the integration of Sovos Brands. However, both expense areas remained flat as a percentage of net sales. Within marketing and selling expenses, advertising and consumer promotion expenses rose by 13%, primarily driven by the impact of the acquisition. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 9%, again driven by the impact of the acquisition, as well as higher general administrative cost and inflation, partially offset by the benefits from cost savings initiatives. As shown on slide 24, first quarter adjusted EBIT increased 6% primarily due to adjusted gross profit partially offset by an increase in adjusted marketing and selling expenses and adjusted administrative and R&D expenses. On slide 25, adjusted EPS moved modestly lower to $0.89, primarily as EBIT growth was more than offset by higher interest expense, related to the acquisition and the refinancing of $1.15 billion of our outstanding bonds. As was mentioned earlier, the acquisition was approximately neutral to adjusted EPS in the quarter. Turning to slide 26, Meals & Beverages’ first quarter reported net sales increased 22%, due to the contribution of the acquisition. Pro forma Q1 net sales growth for the division, as if we had owned Sovos for all of Q1 fiscal 2024, would have been approximately 2%, driven by the respective pro forma Q1 growth of Sovos of 14%. Organic net sales were flat to prior year, driven by gains in Prego pasta sauces, Canada and foodservice, offset by later Thanksgiving timing-driven inventory declines. Positive volume and mix of 1% was offset by unfavorable net price realization. U.S. soup in-market consumption was positive 1% compared to a decline in U.S. soup organic net sales, with the difference driven in part from the impact on retailer inventory of the later Thanksgiving holiday this year. Additionally, first quarter operating earnings in the division increased 17% primarily due to the benefit of the acquisition and lower marketing and selling expenses in the base business. Q1 operating margin for Meals & Beverages decreased 60 basis points to 19.8% driven by the impact of the acquisition, as expected. Excluding the acquisition, operating margin improved year-over-year. First quarter organic net sales in Snacks decreased 2%, driven by declines in partner and contract brands, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Goldfish crackers and Late July snacks. Sales were impacted by volume and mix declines of 1%, reflecting an approximate 100 basis point headwind from lower partner and contract brand sales, and lower net price realization of 1%. Snacks operating earnings in the quarter declined 12% due to lower gross profit, as the impact of inflation and other supply chain costs, and lower price realization were partially offset by supply chain productivity. Q1 operating margin for Snacks decreased 120 basis points to 13.3%. This was driven by lower gross profit margin and higher marketing and selling expenses as a percent of net sales. We expect stronger operating earnings growth and margin performance in the second half of the year reflecting improving volume trends, a more neutral second half net price impact compared to the prior year, favorable mix with stronger contribution from Leadership Brands, and a higher benefit of productivity and cost savings net of core inflation and other supply chain costs. Turning to slide 28, we generated $225 million in operating cash flow in the first quarter, a 29% increase from the prior year. We continue to prioritize reinvestment back into the business to drive incremental growth, productivity and enhanced business capabilities with Q1 capital expenditures of $110 million. We also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders, with $116 million of dividends paid and $54 million in anti-dilutive share repurchases in the quarter. We also announced a 5% increase in our regular quarterly dividend for dividends payable on January 27th, 2025, reflecting confidence in our earnings, cash flow and long-term growth potential. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter was 3.7 times, reflecting the financing of the Sovos acquisition, and in-line with our ratio at the end of fiscal 2024. We remain committed to investment grade ratings and our goal is to return to our 3 times net leverage target in fiscal 2027. At the end of the first quarter, the company had approximately $808 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.85 billion available under our revolving credit facility. On October 2nd, we completed the issuance of $1.15 billion in bonds to refinance existing debt. Based on our Q1 performance, we are reaffirming our fiscal ‘25 full year guidance provided on our fourth quarter earnings call. Accordingly, guidance ranges reflect a balance between expected sequential progress and pragmatism as the company continues to navigate the current environment. The upper end of the range anticipates a quicker normalization of the consumer landscape while the lower end of the range assumes a slower, more conservative pace of recovery. As Mark mentioned, and like other companies in the food industry, we continue to operate in a dynamic macroeconomic and consumer environment. To continue to meet this near-term challenge, we have planned for less than 100 basis points of net price investment for fiscal 2025, with a step-up in Q2 to support the crucial holiday period. To balance this need, we have a robust pipeline of savings and performance opportunities to support this investment. These opportunities include the following. First, an acceleration in full year fiscal ‘25 cost savings pursuant to our new three-year, $250 million program. Savings for fiscal ‘25 are now expected to be in the range of $90 million, up from our prior expectation of $70 million. Second full year adjusted net interest expense is now expected to be in a range of approximately $340 million to $345 million, a $10 million improvement from our prior guidance, primarily driven by the lower coupons on the debt issued to refinance $1.15 billion of debt that matures later this fiscal year. And third, as was mentioned earlier, Sovos Brands, specifically Rao’s, continues to perform better than anticipated. Accordingly, Sovos’ pro forma growth for fiscal ‘25 is now expected to be slightly above 10%, an increase from our earlier expectation of high single-digit growth. The acquisition is now expected to be accretive to adjusted EPS in the second half and for the full fiscal year. Collectively, these three areas provide confidence to maintain our guidance range while also creating the necessary room to continue to invest behind our brands and stay competitive while navigating this dynamic environment. The second quarter will be an important indicator of progress in meeting our expectations. Should the consumer recovery be prolonged beyond the second quarter, the lower end of the company’s sales and adjusted EPS guidance would become more likely. Specifically, for Q2, we expect to see sequential improvement from the first quarter, with organic net sales growth to be relatively flat versus the prior year with positive volume and mix. Adjusted EPS is expected to be in the low $0.70 range, reflecting a sequential step-up in investment levels in both marketing and selling expenses as a percent of net sales and net price to support holiday and innovation launches and to maintain competitiveness. Looking at the second half of fiscal ‘25, we expect organic growth to modestly improve from the first half reflecting the contribution of Sovos Brands moving into organic growth, as of March 12, 2025, and improving trends on the base business, partially offset by lower expected net sales of our broth portfolio, as we cycle outsized growth in the second half of fiscal 2024 related to a competitor supply issue. In addition, we continue to expect adjusted EPS progress in the second half of fiscal ‘25 reflecting a more neutral net price and marketing expense impact compared to the prior year, higher net benefit of productivity and cost savings, including savings from the integration of Sovos, a lower year-over-year headwind from interest expense, and a $0.07 benefit from the 53rd week in Q4. Recall on November 12th, we announced the planned divestiture of noosa. Our full-year fiscal ‘25 guidance does not yet reflect the impact of the pending divestiture which is expected to close in the first quarter of calendar year 2025. We’ll plan to update our guidance on our next regularly scheduled earnings call following the closing of the transaction. noosa’s trailing twelve-months of net sales through the end of October was $177 million, and the transaction is expected to be dilutive to earnings per share by approximately [$0.01] (ph) in fiscal ‘25. All other underlying guidance assumptions remain unchanged. To wrap up, we were pleased with our Q1 performance, which was generally in-line with expectations with strong results from Sovos Brands. We remain focused on delivering value to our consumers in partnership with our customers, making progress on our productivity and cost savings initiatives, while continuing our capital discipline and consistent cash generation to reward our shareholders. For the full year, we are reaffirming our guidance, and are taking a measured, balanced approach to a more competitive environment by building out a pipeline of additional savings that enables us to continue to position our brands for the long-term. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before turning the call over to the operator, I want to congratulate Mark on his new opportunity, and I look forward to working with Mick in his new capacity as Campbell’s future CEO. Operator, lets open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. And Mark, a hearty congratulations to you. It's incredibly exciting to hear about this. Doesn't happen every day where you see one of our CEOs going to the NFL. So it's unique, and I'm happy for you.
Mark Clouse: Thank you Ken, thank you.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask about the gross margin and marketing. They came in both a little bit below consensus expectations. You provided a helpful breakdown of the gross margin drivers as usual. But just versus your own expectations, I know the quarter broadly came in-line with what you were looking for, you said. But as we think about the gross margin and marketing kind of those building blocks of the EBIT margin, how did they perform versus what you anticipated coming into the quarter?
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's a good question, Ken. I'll try to give you a little bit of insight on a couple of differences. And then have Carrie add some color to it. But I think the primary building blocks. So if you think about what we expected pricing to do, what we expected productivity to do and cost savings to do, all of those were very much in-line with what we expected. So no surprises really across the board. I think perhaps the piece that was a little bit difference was the mix of the business. So we had a, as you would have seen a very, very strong performance out of Rao's and Sovos. A little bit softer organic business really reflective of the later timing of Thanksgiving and the inventory shift that occurred primarily in meals and beverages. If you think about what those categories are, those are generally very favorable to our mix. And we would have seen a little bit of more pressure coming in through that combination. I mean as Carrie mentioned, if you take the Sovos mix impact out, you essentially were neutral, down slightly but neutral. But that was probably the biggest driver of maybe a little bit of the disconnect between what was expected and what came in, although I would say from a materiality standpoint, not a major swing. Carrie, anything to add to that?
Carrie Anderson: Yes. I would just elaborate on that is that as you think about that mix of gross margin, you had higher Sovos and Rao's, which is at a lower margin profile. And then our legacy business, which has a higher margin profile, came in a little lower. So that created a mix issue there. In addition, in terms of the beat on the bottom-line, the other thing that interest expense came in a little bit better. And I think that's a good thing. I think we've been proactively managing interest expense. We accelerated a refinancing of our debt that's coming due later this year. So all of that was helpful as we continue to move Sovos to that accretive nature for the full year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And maybe if we -- just to finish that that bridge all the way to walk down. I know in seeing some of the conversation over the evening and into this morning, the marketing and selling phasing that we've got for the year, if you would have seen in this quarter, we were on the base business obviously, we are up because of the addition of Rao's, but essentially flat on the organic business. And as we had talked about, we do expect to step that up. I think you will see that much more significantly in Q2 because obviously, that's where the holidays are, but that's also where a lot of our innovation is. So although I think that may have been a little bit of a disconnect, we were obviously in a very solid position on investment for Q1. But I think you should expect to see as we laid out kind of expectations for Q2 a little bit more of a step-up in investment there.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks. And before my follow-up, I've already been messaged by two people saying I was overly effusive in my praise. So I guess I'll throw in a fly eagle fly to offset that. But the --.
Mark Clouse: [Base sale] (ph) is the right one, Ken. That's the new one that you need to learn.
Ken Goldman: I don't acknowledge that. So the bar for 2H remains, I guess, a bit higher, just to jump back to Campbell, than some investors might be comfortable with, I guess, is the right way to say it. Is there anything unusual in terms of timing benefits, tailwinds we should be considering as we model the back half of the year? Just things that may not be obvious to the observers of the company at first glance.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think there are. And so Carrie, why don't you walk through a little bit of the -- what we would describe as the pathway?
Carrie Anderson: Yes. As we think about the second half, we do expect organic growth to modestly improve from the second half -- for the first half sorry, reflecting Sovos moving into that organic growth in March. And then as you think about the underlying business, we do expect improving trends, partially offset by lower expected broth net sales, as we outsized that outsized growth from last year related to a competitor supply issue. So overall, again modest improvement, nothing that's significant in the second half as we think about organic growth trends. As we think about the P&L, this is where I think there is some items to call out. We would expect second half EPS progress and margin progress, reflecting a more neutral net price and marketing impact versus the prior year. We would have a higher net benefit of productivity and cost savings in the second half compared to the first half. And that includes savings from the integration of Sovos, as we talk about moving into accretive nature in the second half, lower headwind from interest expense. So we'll start to lap that from the acquisition that was mid-March last year. And so that will be a lower headwind than it was in the first half. And then the other thing to remember is that we have the 53rd week benefit in Q4. So that's a $0.07 benefit in Q4 that we'll be in other companies fourth quarter, right? That's unique to us in our fourth quarter in terms of the timing there. So I think -- as I think about those things, the areas that are doing better was around the interest expense coming in favorable cost savings being accelerated. So seeing some really strong out-of-the-gate performance on our cost savings and then overall Sovos. And the last thing I would leave with is the fact that, again, as we think about all of that, continue to have good confidence in our earnings and our cash flow. And I just want to also end on the fact that we did increase our dividend as well.
Mark Clouse: Yes, which is a good, I think, backstop of confidence in the business. I think just the only thing I would add is when you think about the -- what will end up being four months of contribution from a better than expected performing Rao's and the strength that we're seeing in the cost savings agenda, overall and a little bit of help from lower interest. And as Carrie said earlier, I do see that as a successful execution of managing our debt, which is an important variable in this year. That is giving us a little more confidence even in light of needing a bit more investment. Again, when we think -- when we talk about price, just to make sure I'm managing folks' expectations when we say we are adding a little bit more support in Q2, I think important to understand the drivers of Q2, but for the full year, we are still expecting something less than 100 basis points for the full year. And that I think, is not a material difference from really where we were when we started the year and gave guidance. So hopefully, that helps a little bit in bridging that back half expectation.
Ken Goldman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks good morning. Let me add my congratulations to you as well, Mark, and also congratulations to Mick.
Mark Clouse: Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Sure. Maybe just following on with the prior question for a minute around the back half. Organic sales came in sort of down 1% in the quarter versus expectations for kind of a flattish result. And you now expect flat organic sales in fiscal 2Q, where the Street was looking for a sort of a modest year-over-year increase. And I guess we've seen many calendar year reporters in the food space recently discussed sort of their expectations for another below-algorithm year next calendar year, which would kind of correlate to Campbell's back half of your fiscal '25 when you expect results to continue to sort of improve. So I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of I know you went through some of the drivers just now around the back half. But I mean how much are you taking into account some of those factors right, that many industry players are already kind of saying, hey, next year is kind of not a lot of cause, but like not going to be kind of where we want it to be. I'm trying to like square those two things, I guess.
Mark Clouse: Right, right. And I think one of the things that's important in kind of landing expectations is that it is not as if we're anticipating a comprehensive hockey stick, if you will. I think, the way I'm thinking about the back half when I look at both what we're cycling. And I do think if you go back and look at our back half a year ago, we were starting to experience a little bit of tougher headwinds already, as we started to see the consumers behaving differently. And I think that as a backstop different than the first half, gives you a little bit of confidence in a step-up and then I overlay on top of that, the fact that we are going to add some organic help from Rao's into our organic numbers. You've got a very robust level of investment that's in our baseline already along with a very strong innovation program and platform on top of it. So although I don't necessarily disagree with the perspective of how we feel, and we always have said we did not expect '25 -- fiscal '25 to be an on-algorithm year as it was more of a transitory period, which is inclusive of that back half as well, albeit a step up from where we were in the first half. Again, all very consistent with what we have expected. And I think -- again, I think we want to see Q2 as the first quarter. We've done a nice job, I think, navigating a variety of different variables to land where we did. I think we've got a very robust plan in Q2. And I think to be completely transparent, I want to see that impacting share and driving the expectations we have, which will give us greater confidence and what the back half looks like. And again, what you can always count on us to do is give you kind of a real-time view of how that's going. But for what we see today, and as we look at what we are cycling, we feel like we are in a good position to see that modest improvement as we get to the back half.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. That's really helpful. And then just with the modest increase, it seems like in full-year sort of marketing and promotional investment and such, most of that to fall in 2Q. Where would that sort of put you from a promotional perspective at the end of this year versus let's say, where you were a couple of years ago right, pre-pandemic and all of that. Would that still be relatively in line with where you were? Or does it take you beyond that? Just trying to get a sense of context there. Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's a good question. I mean I feel like we very much are in line with where we have been historically. But I would say, that I feel like from a promotional standpoint, given the competitive nature of the landscape and again, none of that's a big, I would say, surprise to anyone. I think we have cycled to a level that is consistent with where we've been before. I do not see nor do I believe we will need any type a disproportionate reduction in the price points, right? I think that's important, especially in categories like cookies and pretzels. We know that at the end of the day, we've got to win those fights through the balance of equity driven by marketing and innovation, appropriate levels of promotion, but we do not intend to lose sight of the fact that we need to remain disciplined on price. And so that's the plan that we have. And the good news is on both of those categories again, early into the next quarter. But if I look at the latest four weeks where we're starting to see the beginning of holiday and a lot of our programming, especially on cookies, I see shares beginning to stabilize. And that is a really good indicator for us, as we go into the Q2 time frame. I think in the other areas of salty, where we're also experiencing a fair amount of competitive pressure. In those particular cases, it's actually all coming from new entrants right, whether it's salty or whether it's kettle, pretzels or even [tortilla] (ph) chips, really what we are fighting there is some new entrants. These are subsegments that are doing very well relative to the broader salty universe. And so we've got a little more competition. So again there, I think -- the fight is not being waged on price, it's really about ensuring that we are bringing the appropriate news and innovation along with a competitive promotional calendar. So as I look at snacks, where we're experiencing more of the competitive pressure, I don't see anything that's pushing us into unsustainable or unreasonable levels of promotion.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hi guys good morning. Congrats to Mark and to Mick. And Mark, I guess, we'll look forward to [Jame Daniel's](ph) being in the Campbell's Chunky commercials next year.
Mark Clouse: Two separate universes, Peter. Two separate universes.
Peter Galbo: Mark, maybe just one kind of nuance question that we are getting this morning just around the inventory timing shift related to Thanksgiving. A, just maybe you can unpack that a bit more, given your kind of an October quarter end with Thanksgiving later? And if you can just quantify at all kind of how much you think it moved?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So the easiest way to think about it is if you look at the meals and beverage profile for the quarter, you'll see about a 2-point -- roughly a 2-point delta between the in-market consumption and the net sales. I’d tell you that from a Canada and foodservice, we did just find in those. And so really, the majority of that difference is coming through some of that pressure in inventory. Now I do think it's fair to say that retailers in general have been very focused on managing inventory levels down in general. But I do think the later week of -- or the week later of Thanksgiving certainly had an impact, and I would say more than half of that would have been related to that swing. And again, I think the good news is, as we pivot into the month of November. Still too early to give kind of a full picture of Thanksgiving. But certainly, we saw some of that inventory build earlier in the month of November, which would have been a little bit later and moved out of the first quarter into the second.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, thanks for that. And if I just go back to the slide you had on Rao's and some of the sourcing occasions that you mentioned, I'm just curious kind of what data you're looking at internally or what you're seeing that suggests that that's actually the case that you are seeing Rao's specifically kind of source share from some of the Italian concepts in the restaurant channel?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think one of the -- a couple of things that. First more broadly speaking, I’d say you're still seeing from a broader consumer dynamic, you are still seeing migration from away from home into home for meal occasions. We are up in the low 80s. 83%, which is still up versus a year ago. And so that migration continues. I think what we're seeing in Rao's so encouraging is a fair amount of this growth that we are experiencing is coming from middle and lower middle income households. And as we explore with consumers the appeal and remember, these are also consumers that are buying Prego as well. And so in trying to understand and segment how to focus on the Prego business as well as the Rao's business, we really want to try to understand occasion. And one of the areas that we've consistently uncovered and the team actually has been focused on this even before the acquisition is this idea of significant value versus what you may get from a takeout or online order DoorDash and so forth. And that tracks very well with that income level where we are seeing a lot of growth from the Rao's business coming. And I think we want to continue to focus on that. And you would have seen a new advertising campaign for Rao's that really focuses on our point of difference in quality kind of our Italian routes and really what makes Rao's different and so much worth that that price point. And again, when you put it in the right context, I think it becomes very compelling as you would have seen in that. And I think that's something you are going to continue to hear us talk more about is really the power of Rao's being able to compete in different occasions across multiple income levels.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for the question. And Mark, congratulations to you. Best wishes.
Mark Clouse: Thanks Rob.
Robert Moskow: One question on Snacks. The margins were around 13.5% in the quarter. That's quite a bit lower than what I had expected. And I think what Campbell expected too. And I just wanted to know, with this environment for pricing being under pressure and cost you seem to have some supply chain inflation that's a little bit higher than what I would have thought. Can you still hit your margin target for this year? I think there was like a 50 basis point expectation for margin expansion. And maybe just longer-term, I think we are all kind of concerned that the salty snacks category took prices too high during the pandemic and that there is a value correction -- value equation correction that needs to be established going forward. So how does that inform the 17% margin goal longer-term? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes, great question, Rob. So let me kind of flip the batting order if I could, and I'll talk a little bit about the longer-term objectives. I think the first thing I would say, is that the road map that we've put in place as it relates to cost savings and a variety of different areas from route-to-market, network optimization to improvement in mix, as we continue to work down the partner brands number, all remain very much intact. And if anything, I would say that the team under Chris' leadership, Chris Foley's leadership, has done a very nice job of continuing to not be satisfied and recognizing that we are in a competitive landscape, how do we continue to identify savings that can be utilized to ensure that we've got a bit of a buffer to manage the pressure that is in the marketplace today. I would tell you on that broader question, too, of hey, did snacks price too much or is it going to need to be a reset. I think perhaps the difference might, why it might feel a little bit that way is we were arguably able to walk back a lot of the promotional level during the COVID period and even in the period past that without a significant amount of elasticity. And I think that's a fact. I think as we've moved now and cycled several years past that, the reality is, and if you remember several years ago, I said this and it wasn't wonderfully received. But I think it's played out in a very similar fashion, which is this is a very competitive segment. And so having a level of promotion that drives display remains a very important component of the snacks category. I think the good news for Campbell's is where we primarily play, are in elevated or added value segments. And that's a place where we do not anticipate having significant recalibration and value. As I said before I do think we've got to be very mindful in watching our base pretzel and our base cookie business, as it relates to private label and some of the price pressure that is there. But at the end of the day, I don't feel like we need a material change or structural change backwards. But what I do think is we are going to continue to be appropriately plan to promote and to drive that impulse purchase so critical to snacking. As we get to the near-term, maybe, Carrie, you can cover that a little bit and talk about this year because I think there'll be a little bit of discussion as --.
Carrie Anderson: Yes, there are certainly reasons to believe in a second half margin improvement for snacks. And I think it is outlined with what I had answered earlier that, that's applied for the total enterprise, but it also is applicable to the Snacks division as well. In the second half, our expectation would be improving year-over-year volume trends are going to help the Snacks division versus the first half. You're going to have improving snacks mix with a higher leadership brand mix and a lower impact of that partner and contract brands and a lower impact of the Pop divestiture, as well the pop secret divestiture. You’re going to have more neutral year-over-year net price and marketing impact in the second half and that step-up in productivity and cost savings initiatives. Remember, in our Snacks business, we've got some announced restructuring in our Jefferson manufacturing plant, and we've got our ongoing DSD warehouse and route optimization. All of those things will continue to help us continue to get a pathway to 15%.
Mark Clouse: And I think we'll be -- I think Q2 is going to be a very helpful quarter to understand. I am encouraged by some of the more recent trends on share, as it relates to snacking over the latest four weeks. And I think I want to see that continue to play out through the holiday season. And just remember, as important as the margin agenda is for us on snacking and very much committed to seeing that come to fruition. It's also about ensuring that the growth trajectory on snacks can be sustained as well. And that balancing act is one that we're going to continue to be very thoughtful about as we navigate through in the short-term. Longer-term, again, I continue to feel very good about how we're positioned and where snacks will be and where the margin trajectory can continue to grow to.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank so much Mark. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Salera from Stephens. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jim Salera: Good morning guys. And Mark, just want to echo the congratulations. It's tough to find an industry that's more exciting than packaged food, but I think Pro Football categorized as one. I think I wanted to just maybe follow up on some of the comments on snacking. And correct me if I'm wrong here, but I believe that the level of volume sold on promo is still lower than pre-COVID. And given some of the industry category headwinds rather, is the industry just taking kind of, let's say, a more tactical approach on promo and just being less broad-based than in the past? And maybe if I can back on the second part to that question. If the consumer does normalize throughout the year, do some of these price gap distinctions just become less important, and that's kind of what the industry is looking to.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think there's a couple of things in there. I do -- again, I think the nature of promotion in snacking, I am not seeing anything that I feel is out of line or inconsistent with what we would expect. I'm not seeing deep discounting. I'm not seeing unreasonable or unprecedented levels of promotion either. I think your point on the level of volume. We've been watching that closely. And although I agree, I think it is moving up. And as I expect, through the year, we'll see some stabilization there. I think what's important to remember about the second half of our fiscal year is you're going to begin to cycle where we really started to see the step back on snacking or the normalization of snacking occurring. And so you're -- in Q3, our Q3, you are going to begin to compound the impact of what we saw as a more normalized level. And again, I think it is important to note, although we are not back to historical levels. We are back into positive territory, as it relates to category trends. I mean you see certainly a bifurcation between certain categories. And I think, again when I look at our business, and I get why people may say well, Campbell seems to see a little bit rosier outlook than some other businesses. But the reality of that is because we are in essence, playing in some different categories. Although we are in salty, we're really in natural organic tortilla, we're in Kettle chips, we're in the deli. We're in maybe a little bit more balanced and a little bit more mainstream in pretzel. But we're playing in some categories that I think inherently are advantaged and doing a bit better. And like I said, as we get to the back half, we're going to begin to cycle that. So I think -- again, I always hate to use comps is the reason why something may be going to get better. But I think in this particular case, as we get to Q3 and Q4, you are just going to simply have a lower base that you are beginning to cycle. Now whether that gets us all the way back to that 3% to 4%, we would love to all see in snacking is not necessarily what we are expecting or what we're modeling. But certainly, sequential improvement is part of what's underpinning our expectations as we go into the back half.
Jim Salera: Great. And then if I could maybe sneak in a higher level question. In your prepared remarks, you talked about really strong momentum with rails with among millennial households. And that doesn't quite fit with maybe some of the broader narrative on -- it's a very premium product and millennials tend to have a little bit less spending power than other groups. And so are there any learnings that you can take from Rao’s to apply to other parts of the portfolio where maybe you could have a premium or better-for-you clean label value proposition that would drive consumer groups that would typically not spend on premium products to engage with different brands?
Mark Clouse: Yes. And I don't want to sound flippant here with my response. But Rao's is incredibly differentiated product. And the quality of the product and the experience of the product, it is just flat out better. And so I think the fact that you've got broad-based acceleration across different households, including those that may be feeling a little bit more economic pressure. I think that conversation we had a little earlier on framing the occasions is really a great lesson. And I do think there is some application of that to other premium brands where we have a distinct benefit in quality. And so as we talk about things like holiday entertaining or moments where it is important to bring the best-quality or the highest-quality to the table or to the occasion. I think framing that in a way that allows those points of difference to be most recognizable for consumers and in essence, making it worth perhaps the premium price with the broader or mainstream segments is a great lesson. But I think it all begins and must have those true quality points of difference. And I'm not sure that's always the case in every premium priced product. But certainly, in Rao's, we feel that we have that point of difference. And I think consumers as they try it, reinforce that. And so I think there are some lessons learned. But I think the biggest lesson learned is you got to make the experience worth it.
Operator: And we're all out of time for questions today. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-08-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's fourth quarter fiscal 2024 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell's. And joining me today are Mark Clouse, Chief Executive Officer; and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. Slide 4 outlines today's agenda. Mark will provide insights into our fourth quarter and full year performance, as well as our in-market performance by division. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the fourth quarter and full year fiscal '24 in more detail and outline our guidance for the full fiscal year 2025, which we provided this morning. As a reminder, we completed the acquisition of Sovos Brands on March 12th, and as such, the full fiscal year 2024 financial results include a partial year contribution from Sovos Brands. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal '24 earnings call. In Q4, we continued to successfully navigate the evolving consumer landscape and delivered solid results, including sequential volume improvement across both divisions, a second consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year adjusted EBIT growth and adjusted EPS growth, underpinned by sequentially improving margins on both businesses. It also marks the end of a dynamic year, during which we drove significant progress against our strategic plan. In addition, we continued to see momentum on the Sovos Brands business and advanced the integration of the best growth story in food into our Meals & Beverages business. In-market performance was still mixed, but improved for both divisions, with substantial volume-driven progress on Meals & Beverages and sequential improvement on Snacks. While the Snacks category recovery is unfolding at a somewhat slower pace than we'd like, it continues progressing in the right direction. Finally, we also introduced fiscal '25 guidance today, which reflects our expectation of steady progress and incorporates an appropriate level of pragmatism as we continue to navigate the recovery of Snacks in the first half of the year. Carrie will provide more details in a moment. While we remain vigilant as we head into fiscal '25, we have also never been more confident in the strength and long-term trajectory of our business. We remain steadfast in our view that consumer behavior will continue to normalize, and that we are uniquely positioned to deliver sustained and dependable growth with one of the best portfolios in all of food. We look forward to sharing more of this story at our Investor Day on September 10 in New York. Turning to Slide 7, organic net sales in the fourth quarter declined 1% compared to the prior year. As we expected, volume improved sequentially and both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS increased by double digits. The Sovos Brands acquisition was approximately neutral to adjusted EPS, which again exceeded our expectations. In-market consumption was essentially flat compared to the prior year, and the 1 point of difference in organic net sales versus consumption was primarily driven by headwinds from partner brands and some trade phasing, both of which were in our Snacks business. On a full year basis, we were down slightly on topline, while growing adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. I'd note that adjusted EPS at $3.08 for the full year put us roughly at the midpoint of our most recent guidance. As I mentioned, the trend of sequential volume and mix improvement we've experienced over the past two quarters continued in Q4. We were encouraged to see growth in Meals & Beverages of 2% and Snacks remained stable in the quarter. This trend continues to reflect the improving consumer dynamics, including total food's move this quarter into positive territory for both dollars and units. Strong consumer metrics support this continued progress, including roughly 70% of edible categories growing household penetration similar to Q3, and for the first time in a while, the recovery is beginning to extend to lower and middle-income households. The one negative indicator was a modest reversal in consumer confidence in the fourth quarter, signaling the somewhat fragile state of the consumer, and why being prudent on expectations still makes sense. However, overall, as we've said before, we continue to see the recovery of the consumer environment, not as a question of if, but rather a question of when. On Slide 9, I want to briefly expand upon the material benefit we're experiencing with the integration of Sovos. While our Q4 net sales declined 1% from the prior year on an organic basis, including the pro forma contribution from Sovos, total company growth would have increased 150 basis points. There is also a 110 basis point benefit to volume and mix, resulting in an approximately 2% pro forma growth rate on volume and mix for the total company. This growth continues to pace ahead of our initial estimates and reflects the strength and the resilience of the Sovos business' growth, especially the Rao's brand. Moving to our Meals & Beverage division on Slide 10, we achieved growth of 1% in organic net sales in the quarter compared to the prior year. More importantly, that growth was fueled by a 2% volume growth, offset by 1 point of planned net pricing investment. On a pro forma combined basis with the addition of Sovos brands, Meals & Beverages' net sales grew 4%, also fueled by volume/mix growth and consistent with in-market consumption. This is the second quarter of strong performance across our legacy Meals & Beverage businesses and Sovos Brands, both fueled by volume growth, an important indicator that's building confidence in the improving potential of our Meals & Beverages division going forward. Moving to more good news on Page 11, our soup business also strengthened in Q4, and is building even more momentum in the latest four weeks, with dollar consumption up 2% and 6%, respectively, as we head into soup season. Campbell's wet soup dollar consumption increased 2 points during the fourth quarter, surpassing the category average by approximately 1 point. Notably, we did experience robust share gains in our Swanson broth business, as a major private label supplier was experiencing supply constraints. It is important to note that although our share was helped by this dynamic, the category trends were also very healthy, up double digits, creating a great opportunity for Swanson to add new households. Underlying category growth continues to benefit from the consumers pulling back on eating meals away from home, in favor of home cooking. The one remaining area of focus on soup is ready-to-serve, where we're experiencing category pressure and some trading down. We expect both dynamics to improve as the weather changes and the role of ready-to-serve at lunch becomes more relevant. We're already seeing some stabilization and are confident about our robust pipeline of innovation and marketing across our Chunky, Pacific, and Rao's brands. Overall, this quarter we also answered a very important question about soup, can soup grow volume/mix after COVID and inflation? And it did, up nearly 2%. Turning to Italian Sauces, Slide 12 highlights our two market leading brands at the forefront of our $1 billion sauces portfolio, Rao's and Prego. I could not be happier with the continued strong growth of Rao's with in-market consumption in the high-teens range. Rao's complements the steady performance of Prego, which was up 2% in-market. This combination of brands that address different occasions and price points gives us a fantastic ability to grow overall share by meeting multiple consumer needs. We'll provide more details on our expectations for Rao's at our Investor Day, but we remain very confident in our previously stated ongoing growth rate of mid-single digits, with a high-single digit growth expectation for fiscal '25. The team on Sovos has done an excellent job during the integration, not only maintaining the business, but advancing the growth and strategy across the portfolio. Slide 13 outlines a few reasons why we are confident in the continued growth of Rao's. Despite ranking as the number one Italian sauce brand in terms of dollar share, Rao's has about 50% of the household penetration and 60% of the SKU assortment of Prego. There is also a significant opportunity to continue to build brand awareness as the team readies new marketing and innovation for fiscal 2025. Additionally, the brand is growing share across all economic demographics and is thriving amongst millennial consumers. In fact, Rao's is growing with millennials at a rate 2.8 times faster than the category. We are thrilled to see younger consumers embrace this ultra-distinctive brand and believe this provides a strong foundation for us to build Rao's into a household staple in the future. Finally, on Slide 14, just to remind everyone that our Meals & Beverages division also includes brands like Pace, Pacific, and V8 Energy, all of which represent great opportunities for additional growth as leading brands in their respective, advantaged categories or segments. Turning to our Snacks business on Slide 15. Despite the 3% decline for the quarter, we saw many encouraging indicators. We were pleased to see continued improvement in vol/mix, as well as in-market results compared to Q3. We did see some competitive pressure in salty snacks that we're addressing with targeted plans in place in Q1. It's important to note, much of that share pressure is not a result of pricing or promotional activity, but rather new entrants into our elevated segments like Kettle potato chips, or organic/better-for-you tortilla chips. Although we continue to see some investment in promotion going forward, we expect levels to remain competitive and disciplined. It's important to remember that although managing price gaps is important, growing our elevated snacks brands will be more influenced by the impact of our innovation and marketing efforts. Those plans are particularly robust for fiscal 2025, giving us even more confidence. On Slide 16, I'd like to quickly provide some additional color on the bridge between the in-market 1% decline and our overall 3% decline in organic net sales. There were two key drivers. First, as we expected, there was approximately a 1% reduction, driven by partner and contract brands, which I'll explain a bit more about in a moment. Second, we cycled about 1 point of favorable trade phasing in Q4 of fiscal '23 that created some additional pressure on pricing in the quarter. This is a one-time dynamic that we do not expect to repeat in fiscal 2025. Let me go a bit deeper now on the partner and contract brands headwind. As you will likely recall, we've discussed the role of these partner and contract brands in the past. Partner brands are brands Campbell's does not own that we agree to sell through IDPs to improve the scale of their routes. Contract brands are products that Campbell's manufactures to support the scale of our manufacturing plants and are shipped to another company or customer. Although these businesses play an important role, on average, they have approximately 50% lower variable contribution margin than our power brands, and also, in many cases, support competitors' products. So, as we grow our power brands and optimize our DSD and manufacturing network, our reliance on these businesses has gone down. Although there is a topline headwind in the near term, it is clearly the right strategic decision to focus more on our own brands and improve the mix of our business. We expect this trend to continue in fiscal '25, but as you can see, we've been working this number down and reduced it by more than a half. We'll provide a bit more detail on our destination for these businesses during Investor Day. In addition to the right-sizing of partner and contract brands, and with a similar objective, we recently announced the sale of our Pop Secret business. Although a very strong brand in the microwave popcorn segment, we do not see the brand or the category as a core focus area for our snack business. While there will be a modest impact to net sales and EPS this year, we're confident that as we continue to refine our Snacks portfolio, the continued focus will be a further enabler to faster and more profitable growth. As I mentioned earlier, we did experience some competitive pressure on our power brands in Q4, resulting in dollar consumption that was flat compared to the prior year. On a two-year basis, our power brands did grow 9.5%. Moreover, we continued to see meaningful progress in the quarter on key brands like Goldfish, which continued to drive in-market growth. We believe strongly in the accelerated growth of these brands within our Snacks portfolio and are responding to the near-term pressure by delivering strong innovation, increasing our marketing efforts, and investing at sustainable and disciplined levels, as we continue to make strides towards our long-term goals for the category. Another important focus area for fiscal '24 was delivering Snacks margin improvement, and I'm pleased that despite the volatile environment, we were able to reach approximately 15% operating margin for the full year. This finish reflects 170 basis points of expansion over the last two years. We remain extremely confident in our savings and productivity roadmaps for Snacks, but we will always ensure that we are appropriately supporting our brands, given our priority of growth. As you will hear from Carrie in a moment, we're being measured in our fiscal '25 guidance for Snacks margin improvement until we fully cycle the consumer and category recoveries. To that end, although we do expect margin progress in fiscal '25 on Snacks, we're targeting approximately 50 basis points of year-over-year improvement. Again, all savings initiatives remain on track and this moderation from our originally planned 100 basis points increase simply reflects the acceleration of planned marketing investment into this year, reflecting the competitive environment and a near-term moderate margin headwind from the Pop Secret divestiture. We remain confident in our stated longer-term goal of 17% margins for Snacks, and we'll talk more about that path during Investor Day. In summary, our fourth quarter performance was a solid close to fiscal '24 with steady progress across the business and against our strategic plan. We saw stabilizing trends in growth and volumes, compelling earnings with margin improvement, and continued progress integrating Sovos Brands. I'd like to thank the entire Campbell's team for their hard work and commitment in finding ways to deliver in an ever-evolving consumer environment. I recognize that we're not fully through the consumer recovery yet, but I can clearly see the light at the end of the tunnel. This, paired with the tremendous progress we've made in transforming Campbell's business, is setting up what I believe will be a very exciting next chapter in our storied history. We look forward to laying out that chapter at our upcoming Investor Day on September 10th in New York. With that, let me turn it over to Carrie.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our fourth quarter, including continued strong performance from the Sovos Brands acquisition. Fourth quarter reported net sales were up 11%, driven by the contribution from Sovos. Organic net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and currency, decreased 1% compared to the prior year to $2 billion. Importantly, as Mark mentioned earlier, we continued to show sequential volume improvement, moving into positive territory. Similar to third quarter, both adjusted EBIT and adjusted earnings per share increased double digits in Q4, with expansion in both adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBIT margin. Adjusted EBIT increased 36%, primarily due to higher adjusted gross profit from the contribution of Sovos and base business performance. Adjusted EPS increased 26% to $0.63, with the impact of the acquisition approximately neutral in the quarter, which, as Mark mentioned, continued to exceed our expectations. Turning to Slide 23, on a full year basis, net sales were up 3%, including 4.5 months of sales contribution from the Sovos acquisition. Organic net sales decreased 1% compared to the prior year, with unfavorable volume and mix partially offset by the benefit of net price realization. Our organic full year net sales result was in line with the low end of our guidance range, and we have now delivered two consecutive quarters of stable or growing year-over-year volume and mix. Full year adjusted EBIT increased 6%, driven by higher adjusted gross profit from the contribution of the acquisition and base business performance. Adjusted EBIT margin improved 50 basis points, driven primarily by an increase in adjusted gross margin. Full year adjusted EPS increased 3% to $3.08, with the impact of the acquisition approximately neutral during the fiscal year. Moving to Slide 24, organic net sales declined slightly in the quarter, as sequential improvement in volume and mix was more than offset by unfavorable net pricing. We did see volumes turn positive in the quarter within our Meals & Beverages division and neutral volumes in Snacks, and both divisions saw volume improvement in the quarter compared to Q3. Looking ahead, we expect volume trends to continue to modestly improve as we move through fiscal '25. During the quarter, Sovos Brands added 12 percentage points to reported net sales growth, which exceeded our expectations. On Slide 25, fourth quarter adjusted gross profit margin expanded 80 basis points to 31.4%, consistent with Q3 margins and in line with our expectations. Drivers of margin expansion included supply chain productivity, lower other supply chain costs, and favorable mix. These contributors more than offset unfavorable net price realization, moderate cost inflation, and the impact of the Sovos Brands acquisition, which has a lower margin profile than the base business. Core inflation in the quarter remained in the low-single digit range, consistent with rates we experienced throughout the year and much lower than the 12% we reported for full year fiscal '23. We anticipate core inflation to remain in the low-single digit range for fiscal '25 and we remain focused in areas of the portfolio where we still see higher year-over-year input costs, including olive oil, cocoa, and packaging costs, and other areas of persistent inflation, such as labor costs and warehousing costs. In fiscal '24, we delivered $60 million of enterprise cost savings, reaching a cumulative $950 million of our $1 billion multi-year cost savings program. For the full year, our total productivity initiatives and cost savings programs more than offset the impact of inflation. Turning to Slide 26, Q4 other operating items included adjusted marketing and selling expenses, which decreased 4% to $187 million. The decrease was primarily driven by lower advertising and consumer expenses in the base business, as we lapped significant spending in the prior year. Reductions in advertising and customer expenses on the base business were partially offset by the impact of the Sovos Brands acquisition. Fourth quarter adjusted administrative expenses modestly increased 1%, to $165 million. The added adjusted administrative costs from the acquisition were partially mitigated by lower incentive compensation costs and approximately $7 million in cost synergy realization in the quarter from our Sovos integration plan. This brings our total Sovos integration synergy capture to $10 million for fiscal '24. As shown on Slide 27, fourth quarter adjusted EBIT increased 36% and adjusted EBIT margin increased 260 basis points to 14.3%. This was primarily due to higher adjusted gross profit from the contribution of the acquisition and base business performance. Lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses were offset by the modest increase in adjusted administrative and R&D costs and an increase in adjusted other expenses, which were driven by higher amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition and lower pension and post-retirement benefit income. On Slide 28, adjusted EPS increased double digits to $0.63, primarily reflecting higher adjusted EBITDA, partially offset by higher net interest expense related to higher levels of debt to fund the acquisition. As we mentioned earlier, the acquisition was approximately neutral to adjusted EPS in Q4 and to the full year. In Meals & Beverages, fourth quarter net sales increased 28%, driven by the contribution of the Sovos Brands acquisition. Pro forma Q4 net sales growth for the division, as if we had owned Sovos for all of Q4 fiscal '23, would have been approximately 4%, driven by the respective pro forma Q4 growth of Sovos of 14%. Organic net sales increased 1%, driven by gains in U.S. soup, foodservice, and Prego pasta sauces, partially offset by declines in beverages. It was great to see year-over-year volume trends turn positive in the quarter for Meals & Beverages, with favorable volume and mix of 2%, partially offset by lower net price realization of 1%. In U.S. soup, net sales increased 2%, primarily due to an increase in broth, partially offset by decreases in ready-to-serve and condensed soups. Additionally, fourth quarter operating earnings increased 60%, primarily driven by the contribution of the Sovos Brands acquisition and higher gross profit in the base business. We were pleased with the Q4 Meals & Beverages operating margin of 17.6%, which improved 350 basis points as compared to the prior year, more than absorbing the impact of the recent acquisition, which, as I mentioned earlier, has a lower margin profile than the base business. For the full year, Meals & Beverages operating margins improved 30 basis points to 18.5%. Fourth quarter organic net sales in Snacks decreased 3%. Volume and mix trends sequentially improved to flat in the quarter, with roughly 1% growth in power brands and 1% reduction in partner brands. In addition, we saw slightly more than a 2% unfavorable net price realization, of which approximately half was a planned increase in net pricing investment, and the balance reflecting the lapping of favorable trade phasing in Q4 of fiscal '23. Fourth quarter operating margin for Snacks increased 50 basis points to 14.5% and full year margin improved 40 basis points to end the year at 14.8%, generally aligned with our goal of reaching approximately 15% margins for the year as we navigated the ongoing consumer recovery. We remain on track with our network and route-to-market initiatives as part of our margin roadmap, though, as we think about fiscal '25, we will be a bit more conservative with a margin expectation modestly above 15% as volume trends continue to normalize and we absorb the near-term impact of the Pop Secret divestiture. This will give us some flexibility to remain competitive, while supporting our brands and innovation launches this coming year, while staying focused on our long-term margin goal of 17%. Turning to Slide 31, we generated strong cash flow from operations of nearly $1.2 billion in fiscal year '24. This result represented a 4% increase compared to the prior year, despite incurring one-time cash costs associated with the acquisition. Fiscal '24 capital expenditures were $517 million as we continue to prioritize key growth and capability building investments, including capital requirements related to Sovos Brands. We also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders, with $445 million of dividends paid and $67 million in anti-dilutive share repurchases during the fiscal year. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage at the end of the fourth quarter was 3.7 times, as expected. We remain committed to investment grade ratings and our goal to return to our 3 times net leverage target by the end of year three post close. At the end of the Q4, we had approximately $108 million in cash and cash equivalents and ample liquidity under our revolving credit facility. Turning to Slide 32. Our full year fiscal '25 guidance reflects a balance between sequential progress, while also reflecting a reasonable range as we continue to navigate the ongoing consumer recovery. As a reminder, we completed the sale of our Pop Secret business earlier this week. The divestiture is estimated to reduce net sales by approximately 1 percentage point and have a $0.04 earnings per share dilutive impact in fiscal '25, which is reflected in our full year guidance. Fiscal '25 comprises 53 weeks, one additional week compared to fiscal '24. The benefit of the 53rd week is included in our fiscal '25 guidance and it is estimated to be worth approximately 2 points of net sales and adjusted EBIT growth, and approximately $0.06 of adjusted EPS. Full year reported net sales are expected to increase approximately 9% to 11%, which reflects a full 12 months of net sales contribution from Sovos Brands and the loss of 11 months of net sales from the divestiture of Pop Secret. As a reminder, Sovos moves into our organic growth calculation, starting March 12th, 2025. We expect Sovos Brands' fiscal '25 pro forma net sales growth, as if we had owned Sovos for all of fiscal '24, to be in the high-single digit range, following a year of double-digit growth. Rao's will lap its more significant distribution gains, beginning in January. Moving forward, we still expect long-term Sovos Brands net sales growth to be in the mid-single digit range. Full year organic net sales growth is expected in a range of approximately flat to up 2%, reflecting the variability in the pace of consumer recovery. Our organic net sales growth expectations reflect modest positive volume and mix for the year. In terms of phasing, we expect Q1 organic net sales growth to be relatively flat, a modest improvement from Q4, and for the balance of the year, we expect sequential improvement in the consumer environment. Importantly, for the second half, although we expect healthier category trends, we will be cycling the broth net sales benefit in fiscal '24 that was the result of private label supply constraints. We expect adjusted EBIT growth of 9% to 11%, including the operating income contribution of Sovos Brands and the impact of the divestiture of Pop Secret. As a reminder, the adjusted EBIT contribution of Sovos in our guidance includes stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related depreciation and amortization expense, whereas, historically, when Sovos was a standalone company, these costs were not included in their adjusted results. Fiscal '25 transaction-related depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $18 million, in line with our original expectations. We expect full year core inflation in the low-single digit range, consistent with fiscal '24. We also expect productivity improvements of approximately 3% and enterprise cost savings of approximately $70 million, inclusive of $10 million in cost synergies related to the integration of Sovos. Of the $70 million, roughly one-third will benefit gross profit and two-thirds to be realized in the marketing, selling and general and administrative expense categories. Additionally, in line with our continued commitment to brand investments, we expect adjusted marketing and selling expense as a percent of net sales to return to our targeted range of 9% to 10%. For Q1, we expect an increase in marketing and selling spend as compared to Q1 fiscal '24 with the addition of Sovos Brands expenses, as well as other targeted brand investments in the base business. Total company adjusted EBIT margin is expected to be similar to fiscal '24, with a modest improvement in adjusted gross margin, offset with the impact of the acquisition as it moves into our base for a full 12 months, as well as the normalization of incentive compensation and higher levels of marketing and selling costs for the base business. As mentioned earlier, Snacks operating margin is expected to be modestly above fiscal '24. Meals & Beverages operating margin is expected to be modestly lower, reflecting the mix impact of Sovos, partially offset by a modest margin improvement in the base business. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to increase 1% to 4% and be in a range of $3.12 to $3.22, including the $0.04 impact of the divestiture of Pop Secret. We expect Sovos to be approximately neutral to adjusted EPS in fiscal '25. To provide a bit more clarity about the phasing of the year, in Q1, we would expect adjusted EPS to be in the mid-to-high $0.80 range, reflecting modest dilution impacts from the Sovos acquisition and Pop Secret divestiture, as well as brand investments within our targeted 9% to 10% range. Full year adjusted net interest expense is expected to be between $350 million and $355 million. Net interest expense is higher than fiscal '24, reflecting a full year of incremental debt related to the acquisition and higher expected interest expense associated with the refinancing of our March 2025 bond maturities, with expected debt issuance timing driven by market conditions. As I wrap up guidance, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 5% of net sales. Our priorities for fiscal 2025 include key networking optimization initiatives across both divisions; capital related to the integration of Sovos, including IT investments; and completing our growth capacity investments in our Snacks division for Goldfish and Kettle brand chips. We see great opportunity to reinvest into the business in support of growth and improved profitability. This remains very much aligned with our long-term algorithm and capital allocation priorities that we'll talk more about at our upcoming Investor Day. To wrap up, we were pleased with our fourth quarter results, delivering double-digit growth in both adjusted EBIT and EPS, and margin expansion. As we head into fiscal '25, we remain encouraged by the continued expectation for improving volume trends in the business and sustaining the momentum following our first full quarter with Sovos Brands in our results. With that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Mark, I'm sure there will be plenty of questions on Snacks. So maybe I'd like to focus a bit on Meals & Beverages to start.
Mark Clouse: Okay.
Andrew Lazar: Organic sales rose 1%, right? 2% gain in volume. So, momentum clearly improving here even without Sovos being in the base. So I was hoping you could talk just a bit more about sort of the key drivers here and, I guess, more importantly, the sustainability, right, of these improved results, especially in the context of the industry supply in broth coming back later this calendar year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think the first thing I just would say is that when you think about the consumer landscape that we're in right now, it's a good time to be in these categories. Meals & Beverages fit very well in a world where consumers are eating more in-home as we continue to see those numbers extremely high, the behavior of cooking and driving value and affordability along with convenience. We really couldn't have a better fitting set of brands for that. And I think that underpins a lot of the reasons why growth is continuing. I do think it's important, though, that for a lot of investors I -- that I've spoken to, I think one of the big questions was, are you going to be able to get volume in the right direction on soup without mortgaging, if you will, the margin? And I think this was a great quarter to demonstrate that. And even if you look into the latest four weeks as we go into Q1, the momentum on that business is really fairly broad-scaled, fairly universal across all of our segments, a little bit more work to do on ready-to-serve. I think that will -- we continue to see consumers kind of choosing based on what the priority of the season is, and so, I do expect ready-to-serve and Chunky to have a stronger first half of the year. But the reality is, those businesses are in strong footing. On share, there's no doubt that the broth dynamic with private label is helping, and we're seeing significant growth in broth and we have now for a couple of quarters. But I think what's interesting is, even if I account for the fact that we're a bit higher-priced than private label in the dollar growth of the category and the volume growth, the category still is very, very healthy. And all of that consumption is now happening with Swanson. So we feel really good about the trajectory of soup as we go into the season and into the holiday. I think as I pointed out, our sauce business has been good, right, was good, is good, and absolutely consistent belief that it will continue to do very well. It was great to see both Rao's and Prego growing, because I think they are very complementary in nature. You've got a mainstream Prego business that was doing well in the quarter. And then, of course, Rao's just continues to be the driver that it's been. The total brand in the fourth quarter for Rao's was up 25%. And as we've talked a lot, we haven't even really started the marketing and the next wave of innovation on that business. And so, our belief in that continuing to be a driver, albeit moderated as we cycle, you got to remember, this is almost $1 billion business now, growing at 25% is tough to imagine into perpetuity. But as we said in '25, we're expecting high-single-digit growth and longer term, that mid-single, which will continue to contribute and solidify Meals & Beverages as a steady grower. Even if you've got some normalization of Meals & Beverages as you get into the back-half of the year, there's still enough going on in that business that gives us a lot of confidence that it can be a positive contributor, and I think that's kind of a new page, if you will, for Meals & Beverage. But as much as I love the Rao's growth continuing, I'd have to say the soup recovery and it being volume-driven was probably a more meaningful statement of belief in the division for the future.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then maybe just super briefly, because I know we have a lot to get through, just you've been very steadfast for a long time now in the broader industry kind of recovering is a more of a when, not if. It's obviously been longer than most would have expected. I think a lot of investors are still maybe somewhat more skeptical in this recovery just because we haven't seen it really in a really perceptible way in the data, broadly speaking, not just Campbell-specific. Maybe just really briefly, just your -- the rationale behind your belief in that…
Mark Clouse: Yes. I know a lot of doom and gloom. I just don't -- I'm not seeing it in the numbers, right? If anything, I know we'll talk about Snacks, I'm sure, at a moment. But even where I had some pressure on Snacks, it was far more share-driven than category-driven. A lot of the categories we're participating in, 75% of them are back to growth. Now, is Snacks all the way back to the historical growth level that I'm anxious for it to be at? No, not overall. But you had Kettle potato chips in the quarter was up 7%, you had pretzels up 4%. Our organic and natural tortillas were up 5%, cookies a little bit less, but still positive. And total snacking, even total salty was up 1%. And I think the underlying metrics that I look at to determine what to expect coming forward continue to point to me to normalization. I mean, I always try to remind us that on the Campbell's business and Campbell Snacks right now, we're still cycling a near double-digit growth, I think 9% a year ago on total Snacks, 9.5% on the power brand. So yes, I think there's been a little bit longer runway for this than I would have liked, but I really don't see the -- any indication from the data other than a little bit of a walk back on consumer confidence, which again -- and I don't want to diminish how tough it is for a lot of consumers that are out there, but I feel like we've cycled enough of this that we're beginning to see the normalization. Again, you got soup up 6% in the latest four weeks, pasta sauce continues to grow, salsa is growing, really, most of the core businesses for us. So, as I said, Andrew, last quarter and continue to believe a lot of this matters about where you are, right? If you're in certain categories, I'm sure it still looks like recoveries are ways away, but I do think this is not going to be a linear journey, as we've said before. And I'm happy that many of our categories are probably a little bit on the upper edge of that curve and recovering. And even in a somewhat depressed recovery for snacking, our subsegments are doing quite well. Now, we've got some share and some new entrants into a couple of different categories we need to address, but I'd rather have that fight than a structural concern around the growth of the category.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about Snacks. Mark, I appreciate that it's not so much promo that's acting as a headwind as much as competition from new entrants.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Ken Goldman: But I'm curious, isn't this also a bit of a worry? And the reason I'm asking is, you're attacking the problem with innovation and marketing, it's great to see. But this is a problem across a number of food categories that we're seeing, which is that challenger brands are taking share and intensifying. And yes, but I would rather have competition via innovation than discounting, sure. But I guess, maybe you could walk us through your confidence...
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Ken Goldman: -- that your actions will be enough to offset this trend?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, it's a great question, Ken. I think the -- and I certainly wouldn't want to make this sound as if we're not extremely focused and really viewing this as an important area to focus on as we get into '25. But the way I look at this is, as I go across the places where we're experiencing the pressure -- and it's really in salty, right? So you have a new entrant in pretzels, you have a new entrant in Kettle and you have a new entrant in what I'd call better-for-you tortilla. All of those are a concern, as you say. But as we look at what we have relative to the brands in the portfolio, so I look at pretzels and I say, okay, that one's been there for a while. I've got three brands that live in pretzels, right? I have Snyder's of Hanover, I have Snack Factory, and I've actually got Goldfish that plays a surprising large role in Pretzel. I've got all three brands that I can bring to bear in the defense with innovation. And you're going to see when we get to Investor Day a -- by the way, for all three of these, we're going to really unpack for you the full kind of attack plan on how we see going after it, because it is important for us to do it. But that's an example of where I feel like the tools we've got. Now, if I'm completely honest, I do think we need to have more marketing support in the plan to support the innovation we're driving, and you see that in our outlook and our guidance as we go into next year. I think on Kettle, I would say it's a little bit more of a me-too product and I've got this great two brands, Kettle and Cape Cod that I need to use more as a portfolio to drive winning in that category. And then on tortilla, we've got a great story on late July. And so, I think you hear me confident, really, for three reasons. One, I think our brands are well-positioned to defend. Two, I think the innovation and the marketing has not been at its peak while these have come in, so we've got to react and respond to that very well. And we're resourced for that and we've got the pipeline as we go into next year. And again, I would say that I do not see these as an attack or a fight on price, but I do think it's quite important that our promotional frequency and then our price gaps remain reasonable. And so, you'll continue to see very modest -- under 100 basis points, with modest investment in some areas to ensure that we stay competitive. So that's -- again, I don't want to over-portray that we've got this thing completely solved, but I do think we're in a really good position to address it. And again, if I'm in a category that's growing 9%, as an example in Kettle, that's not a horrible place to be to fight this fight. So I'm happy that we're seeing the recovery in our elevated subsegments of snacking. And look, we know how to -- this is a level-playing field and opportunity for us to win in-market, I'll always take that challenge.
Ken Goldman: And if I can just -- thank you for that, ask a very quick follow-up, you mentioned that certain parts of your guidance or maybe guidance in general is prudent. I won't go into that, but I did want to ask a specific question, which is that does your guidance assume a reversal in broth share next year? In other words, are you assuming that...
Mark Clouse: It does.
Ken Goldman: -- your broth share goes down?
Mark Clouse: It does.
Ken Goldman: It does? Okay. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. In the second half of the year, we're anticipating kind of a normalization of share as -- now, having said that, we're going to fight like heck to keep all those households with Swanson. But I think from a prudent standpoint, we've seen a little bit of this normalization before, historically speaking, and so, we're using that as our kind of guideline for what the plan. And then I know the team's aggressively going after beating that.
Ken Goldman: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hi, guys, good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Mark, maybe if we can actually hone in a bit more on Snacks? I mean, your largest competitor has obviously talked about also just pressure that they're seeing, particularly in unseasoned or more plain potato chips, as well as tortilla chips. And just kind of the interaction you're seeing amongst late July kettle and Cape Cod? And then maybe as a part B to that question, those three brands in particular, at least when I think about them, tend to be a bigger presence maybe in club channels. And just, is there a store format difference that you're noticing between club and maybe...
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Peter Galbo: -- some of the smaller format stores, would be helpful.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So there's definitely a bit more of bifurcation between what I would call the more mainstream segments and then what I would call the more elevated segments. So, for example, in Q4, I think potato chips as an overall subsegment grew by about 3%, which is not horrible, but about 3% and, arguably, with a bit more trade-down pressure and a little bit more promotional focus. We do have [Jay Cod], which is our -- we call them our Allied brands. They're Jays potato chips. So we see a little bit of that in a very, very small part of our business. But in the main power brand area, all of those are operating in a more elevated space. And those seem to have been, one, recovering much faster as they do tend to index to a little bit more middle to upper-middle and higher-income households, which have been a fair degree more resilient. So I think where you are playing on that front, it does tend to be more driven by who's bringing the innovation, who's bringing the right marketing. Obviously, promotion plays a very important role and I'm not diminishing that. But at the end of the day, the fight is quite different at those elevated segments than it is in what I'd call the more lower and mainstream segments where we do see it a little bit more fight on price. We do see a little bit more traction in private label. Probably, the category where we have a little bit more of that analog is on pretzels, where our base pretzel is -- we see a little bit more pressure there. But even there, I think Snyder's plays at a somewhat elevated level to that, and that helps our business or our portfolio, I think, playing a little more constructive of a way.
Peter Galbo: Okay. No, that's helpful. And maybe just as a follow-up to Ken's question, just to clarify on the organic sales guidance for the year, the first quarter being flat, I'm assuming then we should kind of see a step-down potentially in org sales kind of through the middle parts of the year, and then again maybe that ramp-up just as you hit the 53rd week in 4Q, which I think you're including in the organic sales guidance. So, maybe if you could just clarify that? Thanks very much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, 53rd week is not in organic sales.
Carrie Anderson: Reported, but not in the organic.
Mark Clouse: Right. And maybe, Carrie, talk a little bit about the phasing of the year, but we do not see like a Q2 significant drop-off.
Carrie Anderson: No. And certainly as we think about second quarter, you got your benefit of your holiday season and a lot of our innovation starts to launch there. So, I would say that you need to take in that -- into consideration. And then as you move into the second half, I think the categories are still going to be healthy. So I still think you'll see that sequential improvement in category half, but what you are going to need to take into consideration, as Mark talked about on M&B, is the cycling of the broth, as our share normalizes in broth. So, you want to make sure that you're rep -- you're putting that into your model.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think one of the ways to think about this is at the time that you're cycling a little bit of a broth headwind, I'm also expecting the Snacks business to be returning a bit more to normality as far as categories. So, I would plot your course for the year as a little bit more of a gradual improvement as we get into the second quarter and beyond, and then perhaps a little bit of a swap of who's kind of leading...
Rebecca Gardy: Yes.
Mark Clouse: -- the drive, but in essence, kind of getting both businesses into what I would call a more normal trajectory.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning
Mark Clouse: Hi, Mike.
Michael Lavery: Just to come back to the consumer thinking a little bit and maybe just trying to understand how you've balanced some risks. I know on some of the macro teams across the street, there's a soft landing versus recession debate, and I'll leave all that to them. But it does seem like there's a bias towards some risk as opposed to improvement. And I know you said you're looking at the data, but to some extent, that can also be trailing more than leading. So, just curious maybe how you think about how you'd be positioned in a recession. And if -- or if one comes, and who even knows, of course, what that might look like exactly, but would you expect to benefit from switches to more food at home, or you've got a -- now, especially with Sovos, a bit of a premium and some attractive value options for consumers' balance in your portfolio. How do you expect that to net out? Maybe just think about how you've kind of covered those bases?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So the first thing I would say is, I think that although you hear a perhaps more bullish tone on the consumer landscape than maybe some others or even a bit contrarian to some of the points of view out there, more broadly speaking, I would tell you that we plan the year in a way where we're not expecting some radical, accelerated recovery. In fact, I would say that we're expecting a relatively slow bounce-back as it relates to snacking, a more kind of normalized Meals & Beverage and then a bit of a flip, as I said, in the back half, where you'll see some headwinds from broth and perhaps a bit more normalized Meals & Beverage category and a more modest recovery on Snacks. You see that in the 0% to 2% range. How do I feel if that environment gets a bit worse? I think there's two things that help me kind of calibrate the plan. The first is, it certainly would not suggest that what we're going to be cycling is the same kind of outsized growth and upside that we saw as we were cycling pricing in a variety of other positive, if you will, growth drivers, where your baseline is a relatively muted baseline. So let's imagine this hangs around a little longer than we would expect, I think, is not going to be perhaps as dramatic as the step-down that we saw after cycling two years or three years of just incredibly outsized growth. I think the second thing that I would point to is, I do think this is a good time to have a portfolio like ours, where you've got a variety of different -- not an endless, but a variety of different categories that really do match as we've seen over the last year -- even now, right, where soup and broth, as people are eating more at-home, continue to benefit from that. And certainly, pasta sauce has been fairly resilient in almost any economic environment. I think Snacks, again, is a -- historically speaking, notwithstanding a little bit of what we're normalizing through right now, but Snacks has proven over time to be a bit more resilient in economic downturns. And so, I think that the role that our brands play in the portfolio we have would set us up even in a tougher environment to be in a positive position. But I think that combination are both encouraging, but our plan does not assume that we're going to see this kind of more outsized recovery. That's kind of how -- that's why we said, look, I will say the consumer confidence to me is a very important metric and that went -- that was negative in Q4. And my description of the consumer would be a little bit more biased to positive, but still fragile. And so, I would not want to overestimate the certainty, if you will, of what the underlying dynamics may be pointing to.
Michael Lavery: That's great color. And then I'll just wrap up with a clarification, because I want to come back to the 53rd week. I had thought that I understood it and I think your answer just a second ago confused me. Because in the release, you say the benefit of the 53rd week is included in the fiscal '25 guidance below and is estimated to be worth approximately 2 points of growth to both reported and organic net sales and adjusted EBIT, along with $0.06 to EPS. In the EPS and organic growth numbers, how do we -- where is the 53rd week? And do we…
Carrie Anderson: Yes. Just to clarify, in the organic growth, the benefit of the 53rd week has been removed.
Mark Clouse: But in the EBIT and in the EPS…
Carrie Anderson: It is in there.
Mark Clouse: It is in there.
Carrie Anderson: Right. It's just in the organic net sales growth, Michael, that it's been -- that is…
Mark Clouse: Yes, we don't normally extract an organic EBITDA...
Carrie Anderson: That's correct.
Mark Clouse: -- or EPS.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Salera from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jim Salera: Hi, guys, good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Mark, I wanted to drill down on something you said earlier, talking about innovation in elevated segments and Snacks, which would speak to focus from your peers on middle to higher-income consumer. But then you also mentioned Rao's has seen growth across all income segments, and that's despite being a premium product. Do you think that's reflective of consumer trade-down from food away from home? So, no matter what they're spending money on, if it's a brand like Rao's, they're still saving money compared to restaurants, or are there particular categories that consumers are willing to pay more for if the quality delivers right and they'll cut back elsewhere in their shop?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, I would say, almost -- yes, you covered the what's in front of that. I absolutely see Rao's -- and I use this analogy a lot from prior life. I remember launching DiGiorno pizza many, many years ago. And the reality was -- is that although that, at the time, seemed like an incredibly expensive frozen pizza, as the frame of reference was expanded to include delivery, pizza had all of a sudden became a great value. I think that is very similar to the dynamic of Rao's, where you have this incredible quality that arguably at a much lower rate than a DoorDash order that is a mediocre Italian meal that you're paying $30, $40 for, paying $8 to $9 for a jar of Rao's and, hopefully, a couple more for a package of Rao's pasta, you're having a terrific Italian meal at-home. It's incredibly convenient and it is a better value. And I think that is why you are seeing Rao's experience growth across all of the economic sectors. And I think, to your point, maybe -- it's certainly true on Rao's, but I'd say also true on snacking is, you may be rationalizing some of your spend and the amount that you were buying on Snacks, but you also may decide that as I do that, I want to make sure that what I'm buying is something that I'm going to really enjoy. It might be a little bit more permissible, a little cleaner label. And so, what we've seen is this dynamic where some of the higher-end subsegments are more elevated, as we would describe them, to be more resilient. Now, it's not as prolific as Rao's extending into the lower income, but certainly, as we think about mid-income and high-income categories like Kettle potato chips and more natural organic tortilla chips have -- as a category have held up very well in both of those.
Jim Salera: That's great. And maybe if I could just sneak in one final question on that. How does that...
Mark Clouse: Sure.
Jim Salera: -- dynamic inform some of the marketing spend that you guys are going to be putting in in 2025, as we expect kind of a return to that 9% to 10% marketing and selling? Where is that incremental going to be put?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think as I said earlier, I do not want to diminish how tough it is out there for a lot of consumers. So I think you will continue to see value-centric communication and messaging in many categories. And even on our more premium, it may be a little bit more about value in a different way, right? I mean, again, I think higher price does not preclude one from creating tremendous value. So I think you will see that continue to be part of it. But I also think, as you think about where we're seeing pressure from new entrants or me-too products that are putting some share pressure on businesses, I think what you're going to see is what you should see from us, which is really leading the consumer thinking and bringing new to the world flavors, forms, products, while continuing to market against what makes our brands like Kettle and Cape Cod in late July so unique and differentiated. So I think maybe, whereas this year, we went a little bit more all-in on value. I think what you're going to see us as we move into '25 is balancing that a bit between value, but also really in building -- getting back to, I think, a more focused effort on driving the equity and the news and innovation behind the brands. Because in the long run, in those elevated segments, that's going to determine winning, right? I mean, yes, a new product coming into the category puts some near-term pressure on. But as we cycle that distribution, I think we'll get a better impression of how we've done on ensuring that we really drive the equity in the news.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-06-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell's third quarter fiscal ‘24 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Chief Executive Officer, and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. Slide 4 outlines today's agenda. Mark will provide insights into our third quarter performance as well as our in-market performance by division. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and outline our guidance for the full fiscal year 2024, which we updated this morning. As a reminder, we completed the acquisition of Sovos Brands on March 12th, and as such, third quarter and third quarter year-to-date financial results include a partial quarter of contribution of Sovos Brands. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal ‘24 earnings call. As we announced today, we had a solid third quarter with sequential volume improvement, stable organic net sales, double digit year-over-year adjusted EBIT and EPS growth while expanding margins. The integration of the Sovos Brands is off to a fantastic start and has already added significant incremental growth to our company in the third quarter. We feel great about the confirmation of our diligence during the acquisition process and are excited about Sovos' long runway for growth. We are also excited to be working with the many talented Sovos Brands team members who have joined Campbell's. We saw stabilizing in-market performance on our base Meals & Beverage business, but faced some moderate category pressure in the Snacks business. However, we've seen improvement in the latest weeks and remain very confident in the continued consumer demand for snacking and the strength of our portfolio of advantage brands. Additionally, we are pleased with our continued Snacks operating margin progress. We are updating our fiscal ‘24 outlook to reflect the addition of Sovos Brands and the ongoing pace of the consumer recovery. Carrie will provide further details on this guidance a bit later. Turning to Slide 7, organic net sales in the third quarter were comparable to the prior year period. As we expected, volume improved compared to the second quarter. Both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS increased by double digits, with the recent acquisition having no material impact to adjusted EPS. In-market consumption was down 2%, but up 6% versus two years ago, as we continue to normalize pricing and volumes. The 2 points of difference in organic net sales versus consumption was primarily driven by strength in unmeasured channels as foodservice and Canada both had strong quarters. It is exciting to see the positive impact on the business from adding Sovos Brands. In Q3, on a pro forma basis, we see a 200 basis point improvement in top line and volume and mix growth. Looking at the now combined Campbell's, we would rank among the fastest volume driven growth companies in the food sector over recent periods. As integration progresses, we expect to realize further top line and bottom line benefits. I look forward to providing more details at our Investor Day in September about how this acquisition when paired with the rest of our iconic portfolio will fuel the next chapter of long-term growth for the company. On Slide 9, I want to go into more detail about the current consumer environment. Unquestionably, as prices have begun to moderate, consumers are starting to recover. This is substantiated by the first improvements in consumer confidence in a long time. In addition, we are seeing significant growth in the percentage of the Top 50 edible categories that are maintaining or increasing household penetration compared to the same period last year. Most importantly, we are seeing food volume stabilize as pricing normalizes. Yet it is fair to say that the pace of this recovery has varied depending on the specific category and the consumer's income level. For example, our Snacks business, which has been the most resilient to date, is now facing some short-term pressure, especially among lower and middle income consumers. We are seeing some modest improvement in the snacking segment in the most recent weeks, with the expectation of more of a full recovery in the first half of fiscal 2025. Overall, we're staying focused on what we can control with an emphasis on execution, innovation and strong collaboration with our retail partners to remain relevant and win by meeting them both on quality and value. Growing and improving share trends along with stabilizing volumes are clearly a positive indication, and we expect that to continue going forward. Moving to our Meals & Beverages division on Slide 10, we achieved comparable organic net sales in the quarter. More importantly, we delivered volume improvement from the second quarter as planned. Organic net sales outpaced consumption, reflecting the strength in unmeasured channels. As mentioned earlier, this was primarily in food service in Canada. As we look at Meals & Beverages on a pro forma combined basis with the addition of Sovos Brands, Meals & Beverages net sales grew 5%. Similarly, combined dollar consumption grew 3% for the quarter. This supports the ongoing transformation of our Meals & Beverages business and demonstrates the ability for this key business to be a positive driver of Campbell's growth going forward. Now, let me briefly cover our soup portfolio on Slide 11. We had an improvement in share on soup during the quarter fueled by improving trends across most key segments. In particular, as consumers continue to focus on stretchable meals, the cooking side of the portfolio benefited in the quarter with notable dollar share gains in condensed cooking and broth. It's important to note that the industry has been experiencing some supply issues more broadly on broth. Given the strength of our supply chain, we've been able to step-up production to help meet that need which has accelerated growth in this normally stable category. Although we expect industry capacity to return over time, it's adding significant new households for Swanson, that we see as a positive indicator for the future. In our ready-to-serve business, although more pressured as a segment, we now have Rao's ready-to-serve soup business under our umbrella, which had strong dollar share gains in the quarter. Slide 12 illustrates that we have now surpassed one of our main strategic plan goals, which was to build a billion-dollar sauce business. With the addition of the ultra-distinctive Rao's Italian sauce, Campbell's has strengthened its leading share position in the total Italian sauce category in terms of both dollars and units, gaining 3.1 points of unit share and 3.1 points of dollar share in the third quarter. Even more encouraging is the household penetration momentum we are seeing for Prego and Rao’s with both increasing compared to the prior year. On Slide 13, we updated the slide we presented in August when we announced the Sovos transaction. As we had suggested at the time, there were many factors that support the potential for additional growth on Rao’s. I'm happy to say almost a year later, we have seen the validation of those assumptions as we continue to progress toward our next billion-dollar brand. I'm excited that Rao’s is exceeding our expectations regarding household penetration and that we're seeing faster growth among younger consumers. The path ahead will continue to be fueled by household penetration gains and strengthening distribution and assortment. With innovation in adjacent categories as additional growth drivers, the future is bright. Moving to frozen on Slide 14, although not a particularly big bet in our growth model, it was encouraging to see the progress in the quarter. Our total frozen meal business maintained positive momentum with strong velocity increases as the team has optimized assortments and distribution and with the continued strong performance from our expanding frozen pizza portfolio, we continue to see strong potential in this business. Overall, we continue to be encouraged by the success of Rao’s disciplined and thoughtful brand extensions and we'll provide a comprehensive update on our plans going forward during our upcoming Investor Day. I'll wrap up my remarks on the Meals & Beverages division by discussing noosa on Slide 15. The noosa business has been one of the more positive surprises in the Sovos Brands acquisition. It is an excellent product and brand that continues to perform very well. In fact, in the quarter, the noosa's spoonable business returned to dollar growth, driven by the success of its 8oz yogurt. Additionally, the 8oz yogurt has now experienced 14 quarters of consecutive dollar consumption growth. Even though we have decided to explore strategic alternatives for the business, as yogurt is not a strategic category for Campbell's, the business has truly exceeded our expectations. I am grateful to the noosa team for their tremendous focus and commitment. It is a well-run business with a dedicated team and great tasting unique products. Turning to our Snacks business on Slide 16, organic net sales declined by 1%, slightly better than dollar consumption. On a two-year compounded annual growth rate basis, organic net sales increased 6%, matching dollar consumption growth for the quarter. Our power brands increased net sales by 2%, following a 16% increase in the prior year, showing the continued resilience of brands like Goldfish and Late July, which increased net sales by 5% and 26%, respectively. On a two-year compounded annual growth rate basis, our power brands grew net sales and dollar consumption by 9%. Now that our power brands represent two-thirds of our Snacks business, this is a great foundation for sustained growth going forward. The strength of the power brands in the quarter was tempered by declines in lower margin partner brands, contract manufacturing, and fresh bakery. We look forward to our Investor Day where we can provide both a clear growth acceleration path for power brands and a clear path to further optimize the remaining parts of our current Snacks portfolio. On Slide 17, I want to provide some context on the slower trends in the snacking categories seen over these past couple of quarters and add some proof points as to why we remain very bullish on the snacking occasion. First, over the past three years, Snacks categories have been the most resilient across food, essentially reflecting very little, if any, price elasticity. Recently, we have experienced some slowdown as low and middle-income consumers have sustained economic pressure for so long it's finally impacting Snacks. However, even with this category moderation, we're still averaging 8% consumption growth over the last three years, which is well above total food and historical Snack growth averages. Second, the slowdown so far has been more modest compared to other edible categories, which is consistent with historical performance and learnings that Snacks meet a variety of consumer needs, including emotional support during difficult times, making it more resilient than many other categories. Finally, we're already seeing improvement as we enter the important summer holiday windows where Snacks are the star of the show for backyard barbecues and entertainment. So although I anticipate some continued pressure in the short term, we expect Snacks will recover over the next couple quarters and are confident in our overall expectation for outsized growth in snacking over the longer term. In fact, a couple of standouts in the third quarter were Late July and Pepperidge Farm cookies, fueled by innovation and great marketing. We spiced up our Late July portfolio with the addition of Scorchin' Sauce and Hawaiian Habanero, just in time for the summer snacking season. Late July net sales in the quarter increased 26% compared to prior year as the brand displays remarkable momentum supported by our great new product development, brand investment, and execution. On the sweeter side, we continue to drive strong levels of velocity in cookies with new innovations in our Pepperidge Farm Milano cookie portfolio, such as the launch of our London Fog limited time offering. Most importantly, our Pepperidge Farm cookies portfolio continues to grow buyers across all generations, a positive proof point that as consumers are more selective on how they spend their snacking dollars, our elevated brands are well positioned to win. Slide 19 illustrates the continued margin progress in our Snacks business. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis year-to-date, Snacks organic net sales grew 7% and operating earnings increased 14%. This growth came with approximately 190 basis points of margin expansion. Key drivers of this margin expansion are initiatives to optimize our network, better execution in our manufacturing facilities, and disciplined spending. We expect to reach our 15% operating margin goal for the full year and are on track to reach our longer-term target of 17%. Before I wrap up, I wanted to address the recent announcement about further optimization of our supply chain. We are making significant investments to continue the transformation of our manufacturing and distribution network to maintain our competitive advantage, while also selectively rationalizing less efficient or redundant areas to lower cost. We are investing approximately $230 million through fiscal 2026 in various facilities to modernize our supply chain, including added capacity and capabilities. These projects will create approximately 210 new roles, especially with new aseptic technology opportunities in Maxton, North Carolina. This is in addition to the previously announced $160 million investment in our Richmond, Utah site to expand Goldfish capacity. We are also closing our Tualatin plant as we shift soup and broth production to more advantaged sites, while also simplifying our Jeffersonville, Indiana plant to focus on Late July tortilla chip production and move potato chip production to more scaled locations. The impact of these changes will be the reduction of 415 roles and be executed over the next two years. We continue to evaluate additional optimization opportunities across the network to build our supply chain of the future. At our upcoming Investor Day we plan to provide full program details and savings to lay out the next source of fuel for growth and earnings. In summary, the third quarter was a solid quarter where we advanced in every aspect of the business. We saw stabilizing trends on growth and volumes, compelling earnings with margin improvement, and a great start to the integration of Sovos Brands. As we continue to control the controllables in a dynamic environment, I remain confident in our outlook and continue to see this moment as a tremendous time for the company to begin its next chapter of sustained growth. I'm looking forward to laying out that path fully for you at our upcoming Investor Day in September in New York City. With that, let me turn it over to Carrie.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by sharing some highlights from our third quarter. We have a lot of positives including the better-than-expected contribution of the Sovos Brands business to our performance. Reported net sales were up 6% driven by the partial quarter of sales contribution from Sovos Brands. Organic net sales excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and currency, were comparable to the prior year and continued to show sequential volume improvement. On a two-year compounded annual growth rate basis, organic net sales grew 2%. Both adjusted EBIT and adjusted earnings per share increased double digits in the quarter with expansion in both adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBIT margin. Adjusted EBIT increased 13%, primarily driven by the contribution of Sovos Brands, as well as higher adjusted earnings in the base business. Adjusted EPS increased 10% to $0.75, with the impact of the acquisition approximately neutral in the quarter, exceeding our initial expectations. Slide 24 shows that organic net sales were stable with nominal impacts from net price realization and volume and mix. We experienced sequential improvement in the third quarter and expect these volume trends to modestly improve in Q4. And during the quarter, Sovos Brands added 7 percentage points to reported net sales growth, which exceeded our expectations. On Slide 25, third quarter adjusted gross profit margin expanded 30 basis points compared to the prior year to 31.2%. The drivers of margin expansion included supply chain productivity, cost savings initiatives, and favorable volume and mix. These contributors more than offset cost inflation and other supply chain costs and the impact of the Sovos acquisition, which has a lower margin profile than the base business. Core inflation in the quarter remains in the low single-digit range, consistent with rates we experienced in the first half, and much lower than the 8% reported in the prior year. We anticipate core inflation to remain in this range for the balance of fiscal ‘24, and we will stay focused in areas of our portfolio with increased input cost, such as tomatoes, olive oil, cocoa, and other areas of persistent inflation, such as labor costs and warehousing costs. Through the end of the third quarter, we achieved $940 million of our $1 billion multiyear cost savings program. Similar to Q3, we expect our productivity initiatives and cost savings programs to offset the impact of inflation in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 26, other operating items include adjusted marketing and selling expenses, which increased 2% to $198 million. The increase was primarily due to the impact of the recent acquisition, partially offset by lower costs in the base business, including lower advertising and consumer promotion expense, lower incentive compensation expense, and lower selling expense. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $2 million, or 1%, to $156 million, due primarily to the addition of the recent acquisition. Adjusted administrative expenses benefited from approximately $3 million in cost synergy realization from our acquisition integration plan that I will touch on a bit more when covering our next slide. As shown on Slide 27, third quarter adjusted EBIT increased 13%, and adjusted EBIT margin increased 90 basis points, primarily due to higher adjusted gross profit from the contribution of the acquisition and the base business. This was partially offset by higher adjusted expenses, including marketing and selling, administrative, research and development, and other expenses, primarily due to the addition of Sovos Brands expense in these P&L categories. As mentioned earlier, these higher adjusted admin expenses were partially offset by approximately $3 million in cost synergies related to our Sovos Brands integration plan. We expect to realize a total of $50 million in annualized cost synergies by the end of the second year post-close, of which about two-thirds are expected in the administrative expense area and the balance in cost of products sold. As Mark indicated, we are pleased with the pace of the integration and look forward to sharing more about the next phase of our cost savings initiatives at our Investor Day in mid-September, which will encompass Sovos synergy savings as well as incremental supply chain network savings. On Slide 28, adjusted EPS increased double-digit to $0.75, primarily reflecting higher adjusted EBIT and a lower adjusted effective tax rate, partially offset by higher adjusted net interest expense related to higher levels of debt to fund the acquisition. As we mentioned earlier, the acquisition was approximately neutral to adjusted EPS. In Meals & Beverages, third quarter reported net sales increased 15% due to the partial quarter contribution of the Sovos Brands acquisition. Pro forma third quarter net sales growth for the division, as if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal ’23, was approximately 5%, driven by the respective pro forma Q3 growth of Sovos Brands of approximately 27%. This Q3 pro forma Sovos growth benefited from the timing of Rao’s sauce inventory builds and a shift in the timing of a promotion in non-measured channels. Organic net sales for Meals & Beverages, excluding the acquisition, were flat with the favorable impact of volume and mix offset by net price realization. In the quarter, gains in our foodservice business were offset by lower sales in US retail, where we saw declines in beverages, Campbell's pasta, and Swanson canned poultry, partially offset by gains in Prego pasta sauce and US soup. In US soup, sales increased 2%, an encouraging indicator in the business and supportive of the expected sequential improvement in the second half of fiscal ‘24. The 2% sales increase was primarily due to an increase in broth sales, partially offset by lower sales of ready-to-serve and condensed soups. In addition, we were pleased with the third quarter Meals & Beverages operating margin of 18%, which improved 160 basis points year-over-year, more than absorbing the impact of the recent acquisition, which as I mentioned earlier, has a lower margin profile than the base business. Third quarter organic net sales in Snacks were slightly lower by 1%, but we were encouraged by the continued sequential improvement of the year-over-year volume trends from the second quarter. The lower sales were primarily driven by declines in third-party partner brands, contract manufacturing, and bakery, partially offset by a 2% increase in our Snacks power brands. On a two-year compounded annual basis, Snacks organic net sales and power brands net sales increased 6% and 9% respectively. Net price realization was neutral in the quarter. Third quarter operating margin for Snacks was 15.2%. This was a lower margin compared to last year but came in as expected due to lapping a tougher comparison with last year's Q3 margin benefiting from the combination of pricing waves and the timing of fiscal ‘23 marketing and selling expenses. Year-to-date margins of 14.9% have improved 40 basis points from the prior year and are approaching our 15% goal for the full year fiscal 2024. We intend to share more details related to our longer-term roadmap for a Snacks margin of 17% during our Investor Day. Turning to Slide 31, we continued to generate strong cash flow from operations of nearly $900 million through the end of the third quarter. This result was slightly lower than prior year, primarily due to cost related to the acquisition. Year-to-date capital expenditures were $376 million, up from $257 million in the prior year, as we continue to prioritize key growth and capability building investments. We also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders with $334 million of dividends paid and $46 million in anti-dilutive share repurchases year to date. With the closing of the Sovos Brands acquisition in the quarter, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage at the end of the third quarter was 3.9 times as expected. We remain committed to investment grade ratings and our goal to return to our 3 times net leverage target by the end of year three, post-close. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $107 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.85 billion available under our revolving credit facility, which we renewed this quarter. We are updating our fiscal 2024 full-year guidance to reflect the expected performance of the base business and the impact of the recent acquisition. Full-year reported net sales are expected to increase approximately 3% to 4%, driven by the partial year of net sales contribution of Sovos Brands. Full-year organic net sales growth is currently pacing to the midpoint of our updated range of approximately flat to down 1%, reflecting the current pace of consumer recovery. At the midpoint, this represents about 0.5 point lower than what we indicated on our second quarter earnings call when we said we expected organic net sales to be at the low end of flat to 2%. As Mark mentioned, and like other companies in the food industry, we continue to be impacted by a dynamic macroeconomic environment and observing a discerning consumer that is particularly impacted at lower income levels. At the midpoint of our updated net sales guidance, implied fourth quarter organic net sales growth is expected to moderately increase sequentially from Q3, and we expect a low teens pro forma net sales contribution from Sovos Brands in Q4, reflecting the timing shifts from Q3 that I mentioned earlier. We feel really good about the performance of Sovos Brands, specifically Rao's, with sales growing faster than our expectations at the time of the deal announcement, thus enabling us to benefit from a higher level of adjusted EBIT contributions since closing. Moving forward, we still expect long-term Sovos Brands net sales growth to be in the mid-single-digit range. We'll provide more specifics on near-term fiscal ‘25 expectations on our fourth quarter earnings call. Full-year adjusted EBIT growth for the combined business is expected to be approximately 6.5% to 7%, reflecting the partial-year contribution of the acquisition, inclusive of integration savings, and base business performance, including lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses, and favorable net price realization, productivity, and cost savings more than offsetting inflation and other supply chain costs. This outlook implies fourth quarter double-digit adjusted EBIT growth driven by the contribution of the acquisition and the performance in the base business, including improving adjusted gross margin as well as lapping a 23% increase in A&C in the prior year. As a reminder, the adjusted EBIT contribution of Sovos in our results includes stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related depreciation and amortization expense. Whereas historically, when Sovos was a standalone company, these costs were not included in their adjusted results. Annual transaction-related depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million, in line with our original expectations. Full-year adjusted EPS for the combined business is expected to be up approximately 2% to 3% in a range of $3.07 to $3.10. This includes expected dilution from the Sovos acquisition between $0.01 to $0.02 per share for fiscal ‘24. This full year outlook also implies double-digit growth in Q4 adjusted EPS driven by expected higher adjusted EBIT, partially offset by higher net interest expense related to the acquisition. And then a few other guidance items that I'll update. Full-year cost savings towards our $1 billion enterprise-wide program are expected to be in the range of $55 million to $60 million. Full-year adjusted net interest expense is now expected to be approximately $245 million versus our prior forecast of $185 million to $190 million, reflecting incremental interest expense associated with the new acquisition-related debt. And full-year capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $500 million as we continue to invest in our business for the long run. All other underlying guidance assumptions remain unchanged. To wrap up, we were pleased with our third quarter results delivering double-digit growth in both adjusted EBIT and EPS and margin expansion, as well as better than expected acquisition performance. As we head into Q4, we remain encouraged by the continued expectation for improving volume trends in the business, another quarter of double-digit adjusted EBIT and earnings per share growth, and building on the great start to the integration of the Sovos Brands business. With that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you. Good morning, Mark and Carrie.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hey there. Mark, maybe to start off, I guess, what gives you the confidence in a full recovery in your fiscal first half of ‘25, while kind of simultaneously taking down your ‘24 organic sales forecast by about 50 basis points? And I guess when you say full recovery, how do you sort of define that? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, that's a good question. So I think one of the things, maybe just set a little bit of context, I think one of the things that has made this predicting consumer recovery a little more challenging than it probably seems that it should be is the non-linear kind of path that it's followed where depending on income level of consumer and category that you're referencing, the pace of impact has been somewhat staggered. And I gave the example this morning, which I think is a big reason for the moderation of inorganic outlook for the balance of the year, which is that the Snacks business in many ways and not inconsistent with history tends to be very resilient. And I think a combination of the role that snacking plays, a little bit of the emotional connection in tough times, all of those elements have kind of made Snacks a bit more resilient. But as we started the third quarter, we began to see what I would describe as kind of a catching up, if you will, of some consumer trade down, a little bit more buying on promotion, things that we had seen on the Meals & Beverage categories almost a year ago. And so as you look at Meals & Beverage, and especially as we watch these next four weeks or the last four weeks, you see kind of a full cycling of that consumer change in behavior on Meals & Beverage, and thus you're seeing Meals & Beverages to a certain degree recover. And when I say recover, it's not a hockey stick of change to positive, but more of a neutral base, then the categories kind of return, I would say, more to a historical run rate. And so in the last four weeks, as an example, if you were to accum all the Meals & Beverage categories, on a dollar basis we're up about 1% and on units we're about up the same. So you're seeing both units and dollars normalized positive, but fair to say Meals & Beverage kind of felt the impact a lot earlier. So why we say the first half, and again, that's a pretty broad six-month window. I think, I'm trying not to create a false sense of accuracy of pinpointing it, but I do think through the first half of the year, Snacks will have cycled a fair amount of what I would say their consumer adjustment or change in behavior is. Now, a little bit of the underlying element in all of this that's important is still how well are we executing, what does the promotional landscape look like, how are we doing with innovation, all the other variables. And I do feel really good about that outlook in 2025. And so I think the combination of those, albeit about six months later than we would have liked it to be, but I think then as you cycle through that kind of full swing, that puts you in a position where to see it in the first half of next year. Now, one thing that I will say is encouraging, and this was always a little bit of a question mark and a bit more real-time data, as we go into the summer, obviously the holiday weekends and kind of the summer, barbecue and entertainment is such a key moment for snacking. What is a little bit more encouraging is you're seeing the snacks categories in the latest four weeks, although not back to fully positive, are pretty close to neutral, down about 0.25 point, units are off about 0.5 point, but that's significantly better than what we were seeing in Q3. And even more interesting, I think, is some of the categories that index a little bit more to the upper end of middle income to higher income are actually performing really well in the latest four weeks. Things like Kettle potato chips, tortilla chips, some of our specialty like pretzel crisps, these categories are all growing in the latest four weeks kind of mid-single digits which again that the recovery path is not necessarily linear unfortunately for the middle and lower middle and lower income they feel it a little bit more and I think the durations wait a bit heavier. So that may be a little more than you bargained for Andrew on why we are pinpointing this but it is complicated and I think it trying to help people understand why it's not so simple to just put a pin in the ground on what it's going to turn by every category is probably important to understand.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah, I appreciate the context. Thanks very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jim Salera from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jim Salera: Hi guys, good morning. Thanks for taking our question.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Jim.
Jim Salera: Mark, I wanted to maybe size up the longer term opportunity for Rao's given the strength and the performance that the sauce is seeing. Can you just give us some thoughts around what you think the upside is on the sauce side and then maybe speak to some of the other growth avenues, like frozen pizza, frozen meals, ready-to-serve soup? And as we integrate Rao’s into our models, how we should think about that as a growth engine moving forward?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, obviously there's a lot of good detail in that question and I will say that I think, excuse me, part of the advantage of doing our Investor Day in September is it will give us a chance to really have that wired pretty tight and arguably be able to give you a little more depth on it. But here's what I'll say so far. I could not be more happy with how the Rao’s integration's going. And really, I have to say it's on almost every variable within how you would assess an acquisition for a company. And again, I'm not entirely surprised. We were very patient and I think a lot of great diligence. But almost to the point, we have validated all of our assumptions, if not identified upside to just about everything that we laid out for you at the time of the announcement. So whether you're looking at the deal economics, right, all of those are more positive today than they were a great job executing the deal, financials really across the board, the health of the business, if you remember, I mentioned this in my comments, but we laid out a list of reasons to believe why growth on Rao’s would continue and really to the item, we're pacing ahead of what we would have expected those to look like. And again, just another really incredible testament to the team, which is another point. I really, again, applaud the work that Todd and team had done in assembling an organization and a group of folks that really know this business and how to drive it. And I could not be more happy about the number of Sovos employees that have joined Campbell's, starting with Risa who is leading our efforts, including our Pacific business and doing just an amazing job. So, I mean, honestly, as I tick down the list, I just would say everything so far really feels good. Now, I do recognize it's early and there are some things in your question that I want to spend a little more time on understanding, like the role of frozen. We did not depend on that heavily in our growth model, but I will say when I look at the performance of frozen pizzas as an example, it is really encouraging. And if I think about other adjacencies like soup and dry pasta, both of which are doing very, very well. And, as I said on the call today, I think perhaps one of the most pleasant surprises to me is really the strength of the noosa business. And although we had a fairly clear understanding that yogurt was probably not a long-term strategic category for us, the strength of that business, the uniqueness, and even the performance of it, again, a testament to a really great team that's leading it and doing a terrific job of running it. So when I think about it, I don't think we're willing to change, and by the way also on synergy, I think really clear line of sight to the [$50 million] (ph), arguably the path to achieving that may be a little bit faster, which will certainly help in the accretion and dilution, although I do expect still to be some dilution as we look at ‘25. But I think the net of all of it is a really encouraging start, significant and comprehensive validation of our assumptions. And I think in September, we'll try to give you a little bit more detail in unpacking each of the pieces. So hopefully that helps get you started with a little bit more to come as we as we get together in September.
Jim Salera: Yeah, that's great. Appreciate the color. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Interesting to hear your comments about the low income consumer and the pullback in snacks. It kind of reminds me of what's happening in fast food. In both segments, I would imagine that key players are keen not to lose the upcoming key summer selling season. You talked about that. I just wonder, I guess the question is, what should we expect from price mix from that segment over the next one or two quarters as you probably face that type of environment? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think that we've talked about this a little bit before that from a historical perspective well before COVID, the Snacks categories in general tend to be a bit more promotable. I think it's a function, a bit of the impulse nature of the categories and the competitive nature of the categories. I do think what you should expect to see from us is continuing to remain competitive. Now, I do think given our categories and brands, we're not going to win this fight on the longer term by taking price down dramatically or going to promoted levels that are not sustainable. That's not going to be the right playbook for more elevated brands. I think a great example of that is right now in cookies, which is a tough category where we are seeing a fair amount of trading down into private label. The good news is our Pepperidge Farm business is really kind of holding its own, not by dealing the price points, but by continuing to bring added value. And so, kind of in the mindset of, if I'm being a little more thoughtful with my snack dollars, let's make it really count, has been more of the strategy on our more premium cookie business, which is proving to kind of be holding our own in that category, which has been probably one of the more difficult. I think as you get into salty, what we're going to want to do there is make sure that we've got reasonable price gaps, that we are in the key windows and on display at those key moments while continuing to bring a really robust level of innovation and news on our brands. And I think in particular, one of the places we're seeing a lot of competition is in kettle potato chips, which has been an extremely successful segment and continues to be, but we're also seeing a lot more competition there. And so we're going to want to make sure that we get the balance right. So what does that actually mean? I think in the fourth quarter, you'll see a little bit of balance between promo and investment and marketing. The net of it I think will be a pretty healthy investment. Nothing that that is out of the realm of history relative to promotion but certainly we want to stay nimble and make sure that we're as competitive as possible. And so, would you see 100 basis points or so of investment in promo as we think about Q4? I think that's probably a generally good proxy as we kind of navigate these next couple quarters.
David Palmer: No, that's helpful. Thank you. And on Meals & Beverages, just a quick one there. I just -- the pricing down a percent, we were a little surprised to see that. Why did that happen and what's your outlook for pricing in that segment going forward?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think, part of, interestingly enough, as I said earlier, this kind of staggered approach to consumer behavior, I think we're a lot further down the road as it relates to the Meals & Beverages categories, which arguably we're experiencing a little bit of a trade-down pressure and some of the competitive dynamics that we're seeing now in Snacks we were dealing with a year ago. And what we've been doing is really making sure that we've got the right framework in place relative to price gaps. I'll give you a great example of getting that balance right. When you think about our condensed suit business, that's one of the areas where we've tended to really see a lot of competitive pressure, and that's probably where private label has been a bit more relevant as we've looked at trade down and where we've experienced. So over the course of the last six months or so, we've really been fine tuning what that price gap needs to be while continuing to support some innovation and marketing on the business. And in the third quarter, we were able to kind of re-stabilize, if you will, the share position. But the category was still down about 4%. As you go into the latest four weeks and recognizing we are coming into the summer where the magnitude of the numbers are certainly smaller, but you're now seeing even an acceleration or step up, if you will, in the soup business and accelerating both top line, which is now positive on the condensed business, as well as share and units looking better, while private label has taken a bit of a step back in that category. So I think in many ways, that may have been a little bit more muted pricing that was recognized as probably not the right thing to do for the category. This is not a significant deal down. You know that because you're also seeing very material gross margin [Technical Difficulty] at the same time. I know that in the consensus, we're a little lower than what some people had modeled, but please remember that the mix impact of Sovos into that number is diluting that, about 30 basis points in the quarter. If you were to add that, you'd be a lot closer to, I think, where people's expectations were. So generally speaking, I feel very good about the profit trajectory for Meals & Beverage. But I also think we've got that playbook pretty well refined. And you see it in soup as the recovery really continues to build momentum and actually moving into positive territory, both on units and on dollars, which is really important.
David Palmer: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey Mark, Carrie, good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Hey, maybe if I could just pick up on the last point you had there on the trajectory of gross margin. I think kind of the revised guidance implies a meaningful kind of ramp into the fourth quarter both sequentially and year-over-year, relative certainly to where the quarter came in. So maybe you can just unpack kind of what's driving the acceleration or reacceleration on the gross margin line as we get into 4Q and then start starting to think about ’25?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, why don't I -- I'll give a little bit of broader context. I'll let Carrie do a little bit of the bridge or the do-to, but you're absolutely right. It is important to remember that fourth quarter a year ago, we're cycling a pretty tough quarter from a year ago where we were feeling a lot of the kind of cumulative impact in absorption in some of our facilities given the volume reduction that we'd experienced through that cycle of pricing. If you remember, we talked a lot about this other supply chain cost line, which was a combination of some inflation, but also what I would describe as some of the inefficiency that we were navigating on the business. And so when you take that away and you start to stack on top of it, the productivity that we have at the same time, as well as one of the linchpins to the quarter was the recovery or improvement in the soup trajectory, which gives us an underlying tailwind on mix, which also was depressed in the fourth quarter, along with the Snacks roadmap and all of the other variables that we have attributing, we are expecting a significant step-up in EBIT and in margin. Again, a very healthy gross margin expansion, but where I talked a little bit about the dilution associated with Sovos, you'll see that more to the tune of about 40 basis points on the company. It's about 80 bps or so. Again, not a problem, not inconsistent with what we expect, but generally will depress a little bit of the upside. Still a significant upside even with that, but at the end of the day, a little bit more modest than what might be in a few models, but the net of all of that is you're going to be looking at EBIT growth that is probably in the 30s for percent growth, very, very strong EPS growth, and margin expansion really across the board. So a very good quarter of sustained sequential recovery, which has really been albeit maybe a little bit behind the pace of recovery that we wanted in the total business. The march forward has been very consistent and methodical, and fourth quarter will continue that. I don't know, I may have covered all of it, Carrie. Did I cover it all? I'm sorry.
Carrie Anderson: You did. You covered it perfectly. It is a lot like Q3 in terms of the drivers of that expected expansion.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think with the notable exception that Snacks, as we noted in the Q2, had a very, very good Q3. That's why you see a little bit of pressure in Q3. I would expect to see them return to growth in the fourth quarter.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. And then, Mark, maybe just a quick one on Meals & Bevs, I think you called out in the press release, foodservice actually as a source of upside that you would seem to kind of buck the trend relative to what we're hearing from a lot of other folks. So maybe you can just touch on that a bit.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think the big enabler for us on the foodservice kind of divergence, if you will, from many of our peers has been the benefit of the supply chain progress we've had. As a reminder, our foodservice business, which sits in our Meals & Beverage division, is actually made up of both Meals & Beverage and Snacks businesses. And one of the things that we're seeing a lot of growth on right now is the expansion in capacity that we've been adding on snacking and enabling our foodservice teams to be able to sell with confidence against those brands. So that's gone very well. And then I also think, again, interesting when we think about the world of soup and we look for positive signs or positive indicators of stabilization of this category and the role it can play, one of the areas we're seeing an uptick in demand is our frozen soup business in foodservice. So more selling of soup as a menu item has been a pleasant surprise and that I think continues to be those two drivers, our soup business and our Snack business are really the two drivers for why I think you're seeing a little bit of a disconnect, if you will, in the growth of our foodservice business versus what you're seeing more macro trend-wise in that particular industry.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Nik.
Nik Modi: Just two quick ones for me. Hey, Mark. Just on Snack, it was obviously been something that's been called out as potential tailwind as we kind of rolled through the years. So just wanted to get any perspective from your side on if you're seeing any benefits of that. But the broader question, I guess, is just kind of pricing has been a key theme for this Q&A. Mark, do you worry about price thresholds right now? I mean it seems like just given the amount of inflation, consumers are just feeling the burden. And I just wonder if like we've kind of gone too far. And I know rollbacks are not part of the historical strategy here for the entire CPG industry. But we seem to be in a very anomalous situation right now. So I just would love your thoughts around that.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I know that is a significant topic of discussion right now, which is, were we seeing an overpricing on an absolute basis? When I look at the data today, I'm not yet seeing that as a significant concern other than as it relates to the context of where price gaps may be sitting. One data point that hopefully will make everyone feel a little bit better, if you look at the last four weeks through Memorial Day, salty as a broader category was essentially flat and that's not a good thing, right, given the historical growth that we've seen, but relative to what we had been seeing in the third quarter as a more material slowdown in that segment was a little bit better. Now, arguably, that's a fairly promoted period around Memorial Day. And so I think you'll see that drumbeat of promotion fairly consistent. But I'm not yet concluding that any of our, I can't speak to the industry broadly. But from our standpoint, I can't -- I wouldn't yet say that there's a place where we price too far. I do think there are some places where we have to mine the price gap perhaps a little bit better, a little bit tighter, maybe a little bit more frequency, but not necessarily a more dramatic step down in depth. So I think we need to watch that, and this is why I think these next few months through the summer and into the fall will be quite important for us to kind of do a little bit of what we've done on Meals & Beverage, which is settle in where we think the right price architecture looks like, the right promotion strategy, and make sure that we've got that balance right. But I'm not yet seeing a compelling call to action to necessarily lower pricing. But as I said, I do think you'll see a pretty good drumbeat of promotion, not wild price points, but a fairly good drumbeat of promotion in the fourth quarter.
Nik Modi: Right. And then just on the Snack perspective?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, look, I think Snacks, again, I am not -- as we dug into this information more, I look at this and I go, you got a three-year CAGR of 8% if you take the third quarter on a three-year basis. Which, third quarter was our toughest underlying trend. I mean, the latest four weeks looked better, actually. As I said before, when you think about it in that context, a lot of discussion around is there are structural changes in the demand or the role of snacking. I just don't see it. Do I see some normalization and some catching up a little bit of wearing down economically of consumers? I do agree and I think that is the primary driver, but I don't think in my mind I see anything that indicates to me that we don't still have a great runway ahead. Now, what I will say is I do think our portfolio is a bit better position because if you look at where the fight is really happening in snacking with private label and there's no question that private label has made some headway into snacking, but a lot of that is happening in the main -- as you would expect, in the mainstream segments. And so the fact that our portfolio indexes much more to elevated categories, I actually like the setup for the future. Even in a world where private label may play a bit more of a role in Snacks, we tend to be in that elevated level above. And even as I mentioned in the latest four weeks, those segments, you're actually seeing a little bit more recovery. It's early, and I don't want to overcast the Memorial Day performance as a trend line, but I do think it's all encouraging and supports what we have believed, which is that the future of snacking and where the growth is really going to come from is more of these added value segments. And that bodes very well for how our portfolio is set up versus some of our competitors.
Nik Modi: Great, thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-03-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company's Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, [Technical Difficulty] to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell's second quarter fiscal 2024 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Chief Executive Officer, and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Invest Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. Slide 4 outlines today's agenda. Mark will provide insights into our second quarter performance as well as in-market performance by division. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and outline our guidance for the full fiscal year 2024, which we reaffirmed this morning. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal ‘24 earnings call. As you saw in our press release this morning, we once again delivered on our commitments with sequential improvement in volume trends and year-over-year operating margin expansion in both divisions. While it is true that category trends have slowed over the last year, I'm encouraged by a variety of stabilizing consumer indicators, like consumer sentiment, household penetration, and average categories purchased. However, we are also continuing to see economic pressure impacting select categories and certain consumer demographics. While we expect these trends to improve over time, we're certainly not there yet. In the meantime, I continue to be very happy with our team's ability to control the controllables, including managing our supply chain and in-market execution. Looking ahead, we are affirming our full-year outlook as we anticipate continued sequential improvement in top line earnings and margin progress while sustaining our best-in-class navigation of this volatile environment. Carrie will elaborate on that a bit later. With that strong foundation in place on the base business, we are eagerly anticipating the closing of the Sovos Brands acquisition in the coming week, adding the best volume-driven growth story in food to our portfolio. At an upcoming Investor Day in late June, we look forward to sharing the vision for Campbell's next chapter, driven by what will be one of the most focused and advantaged portfolios in the industry. Turning to Slide 7, as expected, organic net sales in the second quarter decreased 1% to $2.5 billion, in line with consumption, with many of our brands exceeding their respective category growth rates and growing share. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis, top [Technical Difficulty] grew 6%, adjusted EBIT increased 1%, and adjusted EPS was comparable to the prior year, following double-digit increases in both key measures a year ago. On Slide 8, we've highlighted the success of both businesses during the holiday season, including in strategic categories such as condensed cooking in our Meals & Beverages division and cookies in our Snacks division. Our holiday-focused brands delivered a 4% increase in total volume compared to the prior year, driven by our strong brand support programs, terrific in-store execution and robust consumer demand. Specifically, we had healthy volume and dollar share gains across key seasonal categories such as condensed cooking soup, broth, Pepperidge Farm cookies and Pepperidge Farm Stuffing. During the quarter, condensed cooking holiday volume share reached a five-year high, with volume share gains in each of the nine weeks during the holiday period. In addition, we saw momentum in our Snacks portfolio with brands like Lance, Snack Factory and Late July all reaching five-year highs in volume share. Importantly, we delivered these results while addressing an important question about our ability to achieve this while also balancing profitability. I believe we demonstrated this, evidenced by the operating margin expansion in both divisions. Turning to Slide 9, I wanted to take a moment to discuss the top line expectations for the second half of the fiscal year, as this is both an important driver and a somewhat difficult area to forecast. As we have consistently shared since providing initial guidance, our net sales expectations reflect a range of timelines for the category stabilization and consumer recovery. Our results through Q2 have been aligned with our outlook. As we look at far easier comparisons ahead, we remain confident in modest sequential improvement throughout the remainder of fiscal 2024. More specifically, we expect flat to low single digit organic net sales growth in Q3, with continued sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. Although this trajectory suggests the lower end of our net sales guidance range, we have half the year remaining and a variety of compelling drivers to help accelerate the recovery. With our supply chain in full force, effective marketing and accelerating innovation, and strong but disciplined promotional activity, we look forward to monitoring the pace of consumer recovery closely, with in-market results serving as a clear indicator of that progress. Turning to our Meals & Beverages business, we experienced a low single-digit organic net sales decline in the second quarter, which, as expected, tracked closely to consumption. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis, top line grew 4%, while consumption grew 2%. For the balance of the year, we remain confident in the growth and margin trajectory of this business as consumers continue to seek out our brands for value and quality in a dynamic environment and year-ago comparisons moderate significantly. Turning to Slide 11, consumers continue to prioritize value as shown by their preference for home cooked meals, purchasing food that help them prepare stretchable meals, and smaller and less frequent shopping trips. Our soup portfolio is especially well suited to meet these needs. Our condensed cooking portfolio saw both dollar and volume share increase in the quarter, marking the sixth consecutive quarter we've held or grew both metrics. We also saw similar strength in our broth portfolio, with Swanson Broth and stock growing above the category rate and dollar consumption up 13%. In addition, while growing consumption, this portion of our portfolio also had dollar and volume share gains in the quarter. While the eating soup landscape remains more challenging, we did see sequential improvement in the second quarter as it relates to dollar share on Chunky and our condensed eating portfolio. The longer term outlook for ready-to-serve soup remains quite strong, supported by a combination of continued Chunky innovation and marketing, expansion of the successful launch of Pacific ready-to-eat soup, and we're also excited about the impact of including the strength of the super-premium Rao’s soup line, adding approximately a full point of share growth to the portfolio. On Slide 12, let's look more broadly at what the potential next chapter of this great division could be as we prepare to welcome the talented Sovos team to Campbell's. As we announced last month, both companies have certified substantial compliance with the Federal Trade Commission's second request and we're excited to be one step closer to completing the acquisition. Just last week, with their fourth quarter and full-year fiscal '23 earnings results, Sovos announced that they had surpassed $1 billion in annual net sales, a 16% increase versus prior year, led by Rao's, which continues to showcase its premium brand equity with consumers with dollar consumption up nearly 32% in pasta sauce and 53% in the combined frozen meals and pizza segment, jarred soup and dry pasta categories. When paired with our Meals and Beverages’ iconic category-leading brands and our distinctive fast-growing Pacific Foods brand, the Sovos Brands portfolio will strengthen the division for years to come. In fact, although not an apples to apples comparison, if we were to simply overlay Sovos results in the last quarter with our Meals and Beverage results, we would have gained approximately four points of organic top line growth. Imagine for a moment now the value of combining this with our differentiated Snacks portfolio, and you can appreciate our confidence in the strength of this portfolio headed into the future. So now let's turn to our differentiated Snacks business on Slide 13. We delivered a second quarter organic net sales increase of 1%, a point ahead of consumption in measured channels. Our power brands net sales grew 4%, following a 20% increase in the prior year for 12% growth on a two-year compound annual rate basis. We were pleased with the net sales performance on brands such as Goldfish, Lance, Kettle Brand and Cape Cod, adding to the remarkable track record of our power brands portfolio even as consumers continue to navigate a tough economic environment. During the quarter, we experienced anticipated pockets of pressure in some of our lower-margin businesses, specifically partner brands and fresh bakery. We continue to balance short-term competitiveness and sustainable margins while taking steps to optimize this portfolio for the future. Partner brands were a one point growth headwind to the portfolio. Although we expect this to continue going forward, it further strengthens the focus of our portfolio on our advantaged power brands. On the next slide, we highlight the sustained resilience of our power brands. As dollar consumption has grown 24% versus two years ago, we're encouraged by the continued appetite for our core portfolio, which now represents two-thirds of total Snacks net sales. More importantly, we see continued progress on dollar share as power brands have held or gained share for seven straight quarters. Turning to Slide 15, I want to highlight our Goldfish business, which has now held or grown dollar share for six consecutive quarters. Our exciting innovations, proven limited time-only strategy, and strong marketing execution have fueled continued momentum for our portfolio. And our latest innovation, Goldfish Crisps are off to an amazing start. Launched in January, we realized strong velocities greater than other recent category launches and it has exceeded our initial expectations as we begin to move Goldfish into adjacent occasions. The news on Goldfish gets even more exciting. Goldfish has now officially crossed $1 billion in net sales, making it the second billion-dollar brand in our portfolio, alongside Campbell's iconic red and white soup. Our strategy over the past few years and our continued innovation momentum has propelled Goldfish to its next phase of growth. We remain excited about this brand's momentum and see an incredible road for growth ahead as we strive to make Goldfish a North American mega brand. On Slide 17, I am also excited to share the continued progress we've made on our Snacks margin roadmap. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis, we grew organic net sales by 8% and operating earnings by 15% with approximately 200 basis points of margin expansion. We've made great progress this year and remain on track to finish fiscal '24 at an operating margin of approximately 15%. And as we continue to solidify our margin roadmap, we are confident in our ability to add about 100 basis points per year for the next couple of years, thus reaching our target of 17% operating margin for the division by the end of fiscal '26. Even more exciting is the fact that as we further refine our route to market and direct store delivery, or DSD model, we are identifying even more potential efficiencies and savings to fund further investment in the brands or to further expand operating margins beyond 17% in the future. Turning to our DSD transformation initiative on Slide 18, I wanted to provide an update on our route strategy, which adds another important element for our plans to create essentially a single Snacks network. As we discussed during our first quarter earnings call, we're already executing the integration of our warehouse and depot network as well as upgrading technology across our network and the independent distributor network with the goal of improving efficiency and effectiveness. This leaves independent distributor DSD routes as our next optimization area. Today, the majority of our routes are already operating efficiently where the scale of the business supports separate routes for Pepperidge Farm snacks and Snyder's Lance. We expect no change in these routes. However, for some of our routes, we do not have enough scale to help maximize the economics or efficiency of these routes if they remain separated. To solve this, we've been testing the combination of the entire Snacks portfolio on one truck. In these limited, underscaled markets, we purchase certain Pepperidge Farm snacks and Snyder's Lance routes, combine them and sell the combined routes back to independent distributors. We're seeing that beyond the efficiency of this, independent distributors have an opportunity to provide better execution and improved service for our customers. When we pair this improved route with our already existing plans to combine the warehouse system into a single location, the net impact should create better scale and help unlock growth for our business, while also helping to benefit both the area independent distributors and our customers with more compelling economics. It's still early days, but the results we've seen thus far give us confidence to expand our pilots and execute a pay-as-you-go model in creating these combo routes. We expect to convert about a fifth of the Snacks routes nationwide into combo routes over a multi-year roadmap. This plan will not require significant upfront financial outlay, and as I mentioned earlier, we plan to manage it as a pay-as-you-go model. Let me share a little more detail behind this strategy. First, these routes will vary in location, including urban, rural and suburban areas. Second, there are no plans to combine the Pepperidge Farm bakery routes as the focus is on gaining scale and capturing growth across our Snacks portfolio. Third, in markets where we've executed this strategy, the time between purchase and resale has been swift. And finally, given the financial attractiveness of these routes, we're seeing a meaningful increase in multi-route ownership by experienced independent distributors that are existing snacks and bakery IDPs. So wrapping up, the second quarter was another solid and consistent quarter while keeping us on track for the year. Looking ahead, there is so much to be excited about as we continue the transformation of Campbell's, and again, we look forward to providing these details this summer in a full Investor Day. Next up, Carrie will take you through the second quarter and the second half outlook in a bit more detail.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by providing an overview of our second quarter results with a top line that came in as expected, operating margin expansion in both the Meals and Beverages, and Snacks divisions, and adjusted EPS ahead of our expectations. Second quarter organic net sales decreased 1%, lapping a 13% increase in the prior year for a two-year compounded annual growth rate of 6%. Adjusted EBIT increased 1% to $364 million, reflecting higher adjusted gross profit, partially offset by higher adjusted expenses including other expenses, R&D expenses and administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS of $0.80 in the quarter was in line with prior year and lapped double-digit growth last year. Slide 22 provides the drivers of our second quarter net sales performance. Excluding the impact of the divestiture of the Emerald nut business, organic net sales were lower by 1%. During the quarter, we generated 1 percentage point of growth from net price realizations, offset by volume and mix, which was unfavorable by 2 percentage points, in line with the sequential improvement from Q1 that we expected. As shown on Slide 23, second quarter adjusted gross profit margin was 31.4%. We were pleased with the 70 basis point margin expansion, which was driven by supply chain productivity improvements, net price realization, cost savings initiatives, and the favorable impact of volume and mix, which more than offset cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Core inflation in Q2 was low single digits, consistent with Q1, and significantly lower than the 14% in the prior year, driven by attenuation in inputs such as flour and oil. We continue to expect core inflation to stay within this low single-digit range for the remainder of fiscal '24, down from the double-digit range last year. Net pricing averaged 1% for the quarter, reflecting the remaining contribution from our Wave 4 pricing, our smallest and most focused pricing round. As a reminder, our Wave 4 pricing is now fully lapped. During the second half of the fiscal year, we do not expect net pricing to be a material driver of net sales growth, reflecting our continued balanced and disciplined promotional activity. We continue to deploy a range of other levers to mitigate remaining inflation, including supply chain productivity improvements and broader margin-enhancing initiatives. We expect these other levers to contribute to margin performance in the second half of the year as inflation remains moderate and volume trends continue to sequentially improve. Through the first half, we have achieved $915 million of total savings under our multi-year cost savings program, inclusive of Snyder's Lance synergies. We remain on track to deliver savings of $1 billion by the end of fiscal 2025. Moving on to other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses were comparable to the prior year. Marketing and selling also remained approximately 9% of net sales, consistent with our targeted level. Adjusted administrative expenses increased by $2 million, primarily due to higher general and administrative costs, and inflation, mostly offset by the benefits of cost savings initiatives. As shown on Slide 25, adjusted EBIT for the second quarter increased 1%, primarily due to higher adjusted gross profit, partially offset by higher adjusted expenses, including other expenses, R&D expenses, and administrative expenses. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin increased 20 basis points to 14.8% in the quarter, primarily driven by a higher adjusted gross profit margin. Turning to Slide 26, adjusted EPS of $0.80 was comparable to the prior year and was driven by a slight increase in adjusted EBIT and the benefit of lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding, partially offset by a higher adjusted effective tax rate. Turning to Meals and Beverages, second quarter organic net sales decreased 2%, driven by unfavorable volume and mix. Lapping an 11% increase in organic net sales in the prior-year quarter, Meals and Beverages organic net sales grew 4% on a two-year compounded annual growth rate. During the quarter, modest declines in US retail were partially offset by increases in Canada and food service. Sales of US soup decreased 3%, following a 7% increase in the prior year, primarily due to lower sales of ready-to-serve and condensed soups, partially offset by an increase in broth. We were encouraged by the sequential volume improvement trends we achieved in the quarter with Meals and Beverages volume only down 2% year-over-year compared to a 6% decline in Q1. On a first half basis, organic net sales decreased 3%, lapping a 13% increase in the prior year. We were also pleased with the progress we've made on Meals and Beverages operating margins. While segment operating earnings in the quarter for Meals and Beverages were down just slightly, operating margin increased 20 basis points to 17.9%. This was better than expected and we anticipate continued sequential improvement into the second half. Meals and Beverages operating margin for the first half was 19.2%. In Snacks, second quarter organic net sales increased 1%. On a two-year compounded annual basis, organic net sales increased 8%. For Q2, the increase reflects a net price realization of 3%, partially offset by unfavorable volume and mix of 2%. Similar to the comments I made when discussing Meals and Beverages results, we were also pleased with the sequential improvement in volume trends in our Snacks business, with Snacks volumes only down 2% year-over-year in the second quarter compared to a 4% decline in the first quarter. Sales of our eight power brands increased 4% in Q2 with volumes relatively flat, and for the first half, organic net sales increased 1%, lapping a 15% increase in the prior year. We delivered solid operating earnings and margin performance in Snacks with a 7% increase in segment operating earnings and a 110 basis point improvement in operating margins in the quarter. The higher operating earnings were driven by higher gross profit, partially offset by planned higher marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin increased due to the impact of net price realization, supply chain productivity improvements, the benefit from cost savings initiatives, and favorable volume and mix more than offsetting higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Snacks operating margin reached 15% in Q2, and for the first half, operating margin was 14.7%. As a reminder, the Snacks margin in the third quarter of fiscal '23 was 16%, up 330 basis points. This was driven by the benefit of last year's Wave 4 pricing net of inflation and the timing of marketing spend. So although we do expect negative pressure on Q3 margins given the lap from the prior year comp, we remain on track to approximately 15% margin for the year. As Mark mentioned earlier, we further expect Snacks margins to increase approximately 100 basis points per year over the next two years, reaching our stated goal of 17% by the end of fiscal '26. I'll now turn to cash flow on Slide 29. We generated $684 million in operating cash flow in the first half and deployed that cash consistent with our capital allocation priorities to maximize long-term shareholder value. Year-to-date capital expenditures were $263 million, $108 million higher than in the prior year, reflecting our commitment to invest for growth, particularly in capacity for our Snacks division as well as investments to drive productivity and enhance business capabilities. We also continued our commitment to return cash to our shareholders with $224 million of dividends paid and $29 million of anti-dilutive share repurchases in the first half. Our balance sheet continues to be stable with net debt of $4.4 billion and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.6 times. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $169 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.85 billion available under our revolving credit facility. All in, with the $2 billion delayed single draw term loan credit agreement, we are well positioned to close the pending Sovos Brands acquisition. As you'll see on Slide 30, given the consistent and improving performance in Q2, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance provided on August 31st. In the second half of fiscal '24, we continue to expect earnings growth and margin progress, particularly in Q4, benefiting from improving volume and mix trends, moderate inflation levels, and the flow-through of ongoing productivity improvements, as well as second half marketing and selling expenses at our stated targets, which will provide some year-over-year margin benefit in the second half. To provide a bit more clarity about the phasing of the second half, in Q3, we would expect adjusted EPS to be in the lower $0.70 range. As Mark mentioned earlier, top line guidance reflects a range of outcomes based on the speed of in-market category stabilization. We are encouraged by the sequential improvement in year-over-year sales with first half volumes coming in largely as anticipated, and we remain highly confident in the continued stabilization and ultimately returning to growth in the second half. We are currently pacing to the lower end of the net sales guidance range for the full year. However, we still have half of the year remaining with excellent plans and innovation to help accelerate the rate of sequential improvement moving forward. We will continue to invest in our brands with marketing and selling expenses as a percent of net sales expected at the low end of our targeted 9% to 10% range. From a phasing perspective, we expect to spend more in the third quarter relative to the fourth quarter. All other guidance assumptions remain unchanged. Additionally, the pending acquisition of Sovos Brands is currently expected to close the week of March 11th, 2024 and is not included in our current fiscal '24 outlook. After the transaction closes, we expect to update guidance for the combined business during our third quarter call. To wrap up, our second quarter tracked closely to our expectations, driven largely by the actions we undertook to position our business for second half momentum. We are confident in our plans for the rest of the fiscal year and our team remains focused on executing our strategy. Within both segments of our business, we expect to deliver margin momentum in the second half, paired with improvements in the trajectory of volume and mix. In addition, we are excited to be one step closer to completing the Sovos Brands acquisition and look forward to welcoming their team to Campbell's. With that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: How are you doing? Mark, maybe to start off, you talked about sales tracking towards the lower end for the full year. I don't think that comes as a big surprise, just given the broader sort of industry challenges that a lot of the food companies are facing at the moment. But obviously, even at that lower end, it does require a pivot, right? The positive growth in the second half. And with no benefit expected from pricing, obviously volumes got to drive that. Maybe you can go through just a couple of the key points. You mentioned a few, but just what really drives your visibility and confidence to that outcome? And then as Carrie talked about, EPS a little more fourth quarter weighted, given the cadence of spending and some other things. But maybe you can also comment a little bit on that, what drives that specifically, so we have a better handle on that?
Mark Clouse: Sure. Yeah, and maybe Carrie and I can kind of tag team together. So yeah, let's first talk about the top line. The first thing that I would just say is -- the good news is through the second quarter, we're essentially right where we expected to be on top line. And I think that sequential improvement that we saw from Q1 to Q2 is very important because that's -- that kind of supports, if you will, a little bit of the trajectory that we anticipated and planned for the back half. I think you hear a little bit more cautious tone relative to the ranges. And from the beginning, we've kind of said the guidance range kind of is predicated on a little bit of the sensitivity of the speed at which we see some of these categories responding, and I think what you're getting from us is just a little bit more probably not so much of a specific factor, but more of just a bit of caution and ensuring that we see the variables that we expect and whether that indicates low or high end of the range. So we're certainly not suggesting that we are for sure on the low end of the range. But from what we can see in variables today, I thought it was prudent to kind of position it that way. Now why do we see sequential improvement in the back half? Well, the first thing I just would point out, this is not some massive hockey stick, right? So we kind of down 2% in Q1, down 1%, as we said, kind of flat to 1% in Q3, sequentially better in Q4. So it's a pretty steady drumbeat of more modest improvement as we go through the back half of the year. And I think as we've said all along, one of the biggest variables that gives us confidence, and this is one of those areas that I think, in looking at kind of pacing or benchmarking with other companies in this moment of transition, part of it is what you're lapping and when you're lapping it, that sets up a little bit of the speed of recovery. But we're -- as you know, we are lapping in the first half of the year, growth rates that were closer to 13%, 14%. And in the back half, we're going to be lapping 5%. On volume, just to give you a little bit of that delta, in the first half of '23, we were cycling about 1.5% of vol mix decline. We move into the back half, we're going to be lapping about a 6% vol mix decline. So both on the net sales and the vol mix, the comps are going to get significantly easier. So in theory, if you didn't expect any improvement in consumer dynamics, you would essentially see some sequential improvement that kind of supports the glide path we're on. Now what we're hoping for is that the combination of what we're doing, which I think our execution to date has been a point of pride for the company, especially as you look at our performance through the holidays. And we've got a lot of ammunition. We probably have one of the strongest back half innovation funnels we have on paper, about 1% of growth contributed from our innovation, very strong marketing. You won't see the incremental step-up in the back half that you've been seeing as we've kind of settled in at that 9% of net sales for marketing and selling as we go into the back half. But I would say very, very focused, highly relevant. We've -- continue to learn a lot about what's working in this environment, and we'll continue to drive it. And then finally, it is not as if we're not seeing some green shoots. I always feel like I'm cheating a little bit. Reporting after CAGNY, I get to hear everybody's point of view on the consumer. The good news is I think much of the dialogue would be quite consistent with what we're seeing. Consumer sentiments improving, household penetration in many of the categories have kind of turned the corner. We're seeing improvement, albeit still fewer trips to the supermarket, we're seeing a little bit of a step back up in the number of categories purchased, the number of servings purchased. All of those, to me, provide pretty compelling evidence that we will see the turn. And just as a reminder, our two-year comps, right, are continuing to look very strong, plus 6% in the second quarter as an example. And even with the numbers that I was giving you relative to outlook for the back half, you'd be in a similar two-year comp range. And so it's not as if on a two-year basis, you're seeing some catastrophic structural change. But there is no doubt that the speed of recovery is what we're all trying to pay. So those are all good signs for us and give us the potential of seeing improvement faster than what we may be projecting today. But that gives you a little bit of probably pretty broad real estate of exactly why we feel very good about the back half, although we may be a little bit more pragmatic with our outlook right now, I'm still hopeful that there's a lot of variables in the last six months that we could see that accelerate.
Andrew Lazar: Right. I’ll leave it there. Thank you so much.
Mark Clouse: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Just to dig in a bit deeper on the wording of the back half, I guess, in really implied back half guidance. Mark, you said you're currently on pace for the lower end of annual guidance, and that's really in the name of pragmatism or prudence. But you also, I think, said that the first half’s top line came in broadly as expected. So I'm just curious if I can get a little more precise on -- are 3Q shipments maybe starting off a little more slowly than you might have anticipated? And within that, you mentioned that Chunky share trends are improving, but it's still a bit challenging. So I'm just trying to, I guess, get a little more focused on which parts of the business are the main reasons for the added prudence, kind of the right way to think about it. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. No, I think, Ken, what I would tell you, from a Campbell standpoint, our performance relative to the categories is very consistent in the sequence of improvement and the strength in different areas. Again, from what we've seen in the beginning of the year, through, I mean, continued strength on broth and all of our cooking businesses, as that stays highly relevant for consumers very, very strong, a little bit more softness on ready-to-eat soups but not different than what we would have expected. I think the -- let's call it a little bit of the hesitation has probably been more anchored in the speed at which the categories are recovering. And I would say, from a Meals and Beverage standpoint, pretty much in line with the trajectory, I mean, I think everybody is aware that January was obviously a very strong month and arguably a little bit better due to the weather. Although what I would tell you is, as we think about it and look at it, the good news is, that weather is more normal than what we've had the last couple of years. So always difficult to talk about weather. But I think January generally pretty strong, but the trend -- the underlying trend in the categories, pretty much where we expected. I would say Snacks is a little bit slower. If there's one where in the category dynamics, we're seeing a little bit more moderation. But I do continue to be reminded that when I look at these businesses and look at these categories on a two-year basis, you continue to see really strong results. I mean, in fact, our power brands which are two-thirds of our business on a two-year basis are up 12%. So there probably was a little bit maybe of overshooting relative to expectation on the speed of recovery in the Snacks ones. But I think relative to what we expected or what's giving us a little bit of, I would say, pragmatism, because again, I want to be really clear, we've got a lot of months left in the year to see us continue to shape the curve based on our own execution. But I would say those are the areas that are giving us a little bit more of this outlook that's moving a bit down. And remember, we guided in pretty tight ranges, too. So the difference between one and zero, not insignificant, but certainly, I think in a world where it's pretty variable right now, I think a little bit of pragmatism is probably appropriate.
Ken Goldman: And then can I ask a very quick follow-up to that, and thank you for the color. When I speak with investors about, I guess, the bull and bear cases on your stock and other companies, one of the bearish cases I hear is that the salty snacks category in general is a little weaker than what people expected, and that maybe that will continue if some of the larger players get a little bit more nervous about their share, maybe invest a little more in price. Are you seeing any of these dynamics take place, whereby there's an irrational amount of maybe price investments? Just trying to get a little bit better sense of what you're seeing in salty snacks that's maybe not going quite as well, because it's been such a great category for so many years and decades.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, no, I think what you're seeing is generally a pretty consistent with history. As funny as I -- a lot of the devil is in the detail of unpacking these categories. And it's interesting, as I talked about that two-year CAGR on power brands for us, as you pull back and look a little deeper at the salty categories, they are the strongest two-year growth rates that we have within the business. So arguably, salty is lapping the most challenging comps of -- given the strength of where it was a year ago. I do think, as I've said all along, this is salty snacks, right? So this is not a category where you're not going to have promotion, where you're not going to have competitiveness as you think about the players that are in this space. But I'm not seeing anything that indicates to me that people are becoming irrational or that they're trying to chase the cycling down. Again, I would say, whether it's -- we under-anticipated the strength that we were lapping or whether the category is a little more challenged than we expected in the near term, I am really not worried about this being structural. And even when I look at some of those early lead consumer indicators, like I mentioned before, you're seeing positive movement. I truly believe this is not a matter of if these categories respond, it's just a matter of when, and trying the time it, engage it, is what makes the current moment we're in a little bit more challenging. But structurally speaking, I'm not seeing anything that gives me any real pause, relative to what I think is going to be a very, very healthy longer-term trajectory for us, both in the salty side but also in the cookie and cracker side.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Carrie, maybe just to start, can you just help us out, like the contribution from both foodservice in Canada to Meals and Beverages, I think you said was a positive offset in the quarter. Maybe just what that was and what's embedded kind of throughout the second half on those two pieces of Meals and Bev?
Mark Clouse: So maybe I'll jump in first on the top line. So Canada and foodservice continue to be performing extremely well. Now as you might remember, Peter, we had the nice recovery of a year ago in foodservice, but it was still positive, low single digits. Canada had an especially strong quarter. It contributed about 1 point of growth. And so if you're doing the math between net sales and end-market consumption, one might ask the question of, all right, if you got a point of contribution from NAFS and Canada and Meals and Beverage, why were you a little bit lower? And that was a function of actually seeing a bit more depletion of inventory in the second quarter. And again, I think I wouldn't call that a big indicator of an upsized recovery in Q3, but I think a little bit of just normalizing as we ran through the holiday season, which is always a little bit of a guessing game relative to inventory. So I think we're finishing in a very good spot, but we got a little bit of help from NAFS and Canada that we're able to balance a bit, a little bit of inventory pressure on the base business, but you're talking in totality within about 1 point of movement on the meals and beverage side.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, Mark. That's helpful. And then maybe, Mark, just to switch over, you did spend some time talking about the combo strategy on the DSD routes. I know it's pretty early days, but maybe you can just give us a sense of that 20%? Are you less than 1% kind of converted at this point? And what have you kind of learned, I guess, both positive and maybe any challenges you brought into thus far? Thanks very much.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So needless to say, this is may be more exciting to us than the outside world, but this is a really important step in the journey because really, since I've been on the business, when you look at our business and you see the complexity of multiple DSD routes on snacking and you see the disparity geographically in scale, it does really beg the question of is there no way to put these businesses together? And I think what we did, which was smart was to kind of tread lightly and move in a very methodical and pragmatic way. But you now hear us kind of through what has been a couple of years of really working on what's possible and feeling really good about what we're learning on the combo routes. And so as you can imagine, one of the questions we had to answer is, okay, you have an independent distributor that's now going to two aisles in the store. And so what you -- what inherently you're going to have to have is enough scale that represents or that is still economically beneficial for that independent distributor to spend more time in a single store. So the math in this to get it to really work well to make it the win-win that we want it to be is this opportunity of maximizing in-store execution, while the economics of the drop size is being substantial enough that it really encourages or make these routes attractive, while also dealing with the fact that when you're underscaled on these routes, and this may not be as obvious to everybody, is, as you might imagine, if the economics are not good on routes for an independent distributor, it's a real challenge for them and the ability to invest in their business, the ability for them to dedicate the time and effort is a real challenge. And so the better we make the economics, the better it is for the IDP and the better the service and support is for our business and for the customer. And so I think what you hear us saying today is that we actually feel really good about it. And I just would say the other big question that we had was, okay, if we're buying back routes, how complicated or difficult, how long will we have to hold the routes before we get a buyer? And I would say what's been really exciting, although, again, I think you hear a level of, again, pragmatism in the rollout as we continue to validate this as we go, but the early signs is it's a fairly expedited process, right? We kind of line up the right buyers, we get them ready, we acquired the routes and then in many cases, these are people that are in our network already. They may be an owner of existing Pepperidge Farm route or a Snyder's-Lance route. And so the speed at which to convert on that has been very good. And so now this gives us kind of the final piece of the puzzle to being able to plot forward, to really a single snacks network, even though in much of the country, you'll still see a dedicated Pepperidge Farm and a dedicated Snyder's-Lance truck, it's all running through the same singular network. And in places where we didn't have the scale, you'll see these combo routes that are going to give us a great expansion of what I would call the same level of support we're getting in those scaled markets, we'll now be able to deliver in a much larger percent of the country, which is why we're so excited about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. I just wanted to start following up a little bit more on that DSD color. And I would love to get a sense -- I know it sounds like it's a fifth or so of the total, so a smaller piece. But can you quantify what the savings might look like from this and how to think about the economics of how this progresses?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So obviously -- so as we said, it's about 20 -- to do the -- all of the markets that we've sorted into kind of, let's call it, underscaled with the potential of combo, it's about a fifth or about 20% of the routes we have. As you may remember, we've talked about this part of the journey really being a component of several different elements that come together to really address route to market. So the combination of the warehouses, the combination of the depots, added technology and capability both for the IDPs as well within our warehouse network, and now this ability to convert into combo routes in a fifth of the country. The economics of this, relative to how we've managed the investment, is both an efficiency and an effectiveness play. So the good news is you're getting margin and efficiency, arguably a bit more through the warehouse consolidation and the depot consolidation, although I would say combo routes are going to give you some intrinsic savings as well. But then as you move to the idea of where the effectiveness comes from, I think the technology upgrades as well as the combo routes are going to give us a very healthy boost in some markets where arguably, we've been underperforming as we've been just lighter on scale and support. And so the economics of this are really the combination of both what we perceive to be the improvement in top line, which, of course, is still at the heart of what we want Snacks doing, but also contributing to the business. So what -- and we'll talk a little bit more about this in Investor Day, but what you're seeing, not inconsistent with what we talked about in the past is, it's probably 50 basis points of margin that I would say is more directly related to distribution. I think the -- and that's really through a time frame of '26. I do think as you look beyond it and the timeline for completing this will give us a little bit of dry powder, even beyond the 17% that will give us some optionality, either to spend back and invest in the business or potentially drive margin even further beyond the 17% that we talked a little bit about today in fiscal '26. But in the near term, probably relative speaking, about 50 bps of margin benefit from it is a good kind of approximation.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. And just a quick follow-up on some of the comments on the portfolio. You've touched on the attractive balance and the Investor Day slide, looks like you'll highlight how you're thinking about that. We've had questions in the past about would a split ever makes sense. It sounds like that's not on your radar. Is that how you're thinking about how you go forward and just how the two pieces of the business fit together?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, look, I think -- yeah, no, good -- very good question. I think the short answer to that is we're going to let shareholder value kind of drive a little bit of that dialogue. I will say that I've been very consistent, I think, from the beginning, that even if for whatever the economic case is for a split of the company, I would want to do that from a position of strength. And so the moves that you see us making and what we've been doing to kind of transform, I would say, the portfolio and the business over the last several years, is going to set up what I think is going to be a best-in-class grocery business with Meals and Beverage and a best-in-class snacking business, that on the Meals and Beverage side, you're now adding these very compelling growth stories in what we're calling more of the distinctive or premium brands, while having a very solid foundation of mainstream brands and a more differentiated Snacks business that now has a simplified both route to market and manufacturing platform that really gives us now, I would say, both halves of the business in its strongest position. And so now with that, as we kind of live into that over the next year or so, I think we'll have a great understanding of what is the value potential and how should we judge it versus other options. But know that we'll always look and evaluate. But right now, I feel like all roads through -- lead through executing and delivering on this vision that we have for both of the divisions. And I think if we do that, we're going to have a very compelling story within food.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Salera from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jim Salera: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking our question.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Jim.
Jim Salera: Mark, I wanted to circle back to some of the commentary around the back half cadence for the top line. If I look at Goldfish in particular, I believe they gained dollar share in the second quarter, which is up from flat in the first quarter. Just any color around what's driving the success there, if that's something that can be kind of replicated across some of the other snacking brands? And if we think about a reacceleration or an acceleration in the back half, what components of the snacking portfolio, would you expect that to come from?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, it's a great question. Goldfish is, as we said, kind of foundational in many ways, has been this great example for us of how do we drive these iconic differentiated snack brands. And the magic in Goldfish has really been this combination, I would say, of good base business support while expanding into adjacent consumer targets initially, and now with Crisps really into adjacent occasions, so that we're now able to begin to source from other snacking categories that fit better, like think of chips or more of a munching occasion that Goldfish is now competing with and off to an extraordinary start. You pair that with the success of our limited time offerings and much of our innovation in the past has been successful as well. You might have heard a little bit too of kind of a subtle nod to geographic opportunity, as I mentioned, as a more North American mega brand, and there is significant runway on Goldfish as we think about Canada and even Latin America. As we continue to dig deeper there, we're seeing real opportunity for white space in those areas. And so when I think about Goldfish, and I think about what we've done now to prove the expandability of the brand, I think it is a great blueprint. Now I would argue that we've done a very good job in other brands like Late July or Kettle Brand, where we've been able to add different occasions like air fried on Kettle, flavor variety that really brings excitement, the limited time offering model. You see us expanding that to other parts of the business, even more recently to cookies. If you haven't tried the London Fog, Milano, excellent product. And so there's a lot of -- I think, a lot of great learning that's going to travel to brands that are highly relevant in doing that. And I think you put those elements together, not only do you feel good about the continued runway or Goldfish, but even more along the way. And look, I don't think it's exclusive to snacking. I think the ability for us to bring the Goldfish playbook to Meals and Beverage is equally relevant. And I would argue that although, yes, we're cycling through a little tougher time on ready-to-eat soup, if you look over the last several years, I mean, Chunky has just had a great, great run, again, driven by a very similar approach of great foundational based marketing and just some super innovation that we've been bringing to the table, including some limited time offerings that have been quite effective as well. So I think the company in general, has distilled down a pretty good playbook now that, yes, was probably born of Goldfish and Chunky, but that you see us applying now more broadly across the portfolio. And I'll just conclude by saying, I think we're going to inherit another great playbook in the Sovos team and what they've been doing on building the Rao's brand. So I'm excited to kind of get that on the table as well and continue to use that as kind of evidence or support for why I think these businesses in the future are going to really be best-in-class in contributing steady, predictable, sustainable growth.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-12-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Chief Executive Officer; and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. Slide 4 outlines today's agenda. Mark will provide insights into our first quarter performance as well as in-market performance by division. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and outline our guidance for the full fiscal year 2024, which we reaffirmed this morning. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. From Campbell's management team, we hope you enjoyed a happy Thanksgiving with family, friends, and, of course, some Green Bean Casserole and Pepperidge Farm Stuffing. As you saw in our press release this morning, we reported first quarter results with top-line coming in consistent with our expectations, and adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS coming in slightly ahead as we lapped one of our strongest quarters with 15% growth across all three key metrics in the prior year. I am pleased with these results as we continue to navigate an evolving and challenging consumer environment. We also made material progress advancing the key initiatives of our focused strategic plan and continue to build confidence in the next stage of Campbell's growth. I am encouraged by the consistency of our outstanding execution, including strong sustained performance across our supply chain, numerous successful innovations and marketing programs and, more recently, improving share trends. We achieved all this while maintaining our margin and earnings expectations. Going forward, we anticipate these areas of focus to fuel sequential improvement over the course of the year, generating momentum in terms of revenue, volumes, market share and profit margins, particularly as we head into the second half of fiscal '24. As a result, we remain confident and are affirming our full-year guidance. We believe this building momentum paired with the pending acquisition of Sovos Brands will set the stage for accelerated growth and solidify Campbell's position as one of the most dependable names in food. Turning to Slide 7. As expected, organic net sales decreased by 1% to $2.5 billion, following a 15% increase in the prior year, resulting in growth of approximately 7% on a two-year compound annual growth rate basis. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS declined 9% and 11%, respectively, following a 15% increase in both key measures the prior year. Our dollar consumption was down 2% but grew 8% versus two years ago. In-line with expectations we communicated during our fourth quarter earnings call, the consumer landscape remains challenging. However, we have many opportunities within our portfolio to meet these shifting macro consumer trends and have optimized our strategies and plans concentrating on three key areas. First, we're dedicated to ensuring the affordability of our products and maintaining competitive price gaps within our margin goals. This is particularly important, especially as consumers seek to maximize the value of their spending, stretching their budgets to cover the cost of family meals every day and during the important holiday season. Second, we are committed to sustaining our marketing and innovation plans. This is critical not only to reinforce the value and differentiation of our products, but also to continue to build the long-term equity of our brands, on which we've made significant progress in recent years. Finally, our approach to spending remains disciplined and balanced, focused on high ROI and impactful programs. We are driving productivity and making appropriate trade-offs to fuel this investment, while we protect our margin and earnings objectives. Where support has been added, we believe it's both sustainable and profitable. We intend to maintain this focused approach throughout fiscal 2024, and we are confident that we will build momentum as the year progresses and continue to deliver our financial commitments. We remain confident in this forecasted improvement in trends throughout the year for a number of reasons. It's important to recall that our growth rates in the first half of fiscal '23 averaged in the mid-teens and subsequently tapered down to mid-single-digit growth in the second half. This approximate 10-point decline in part reflected a slowing in incremental pricing. These more modest comparables post Q2 support our expectations for improving top-line and volumes. In addition, we have a robust pipeline of innovation and marketing programs informed by the current consumer trends to also fuel the improving outlook. So, although the consumer landscape remains dynamic, we are well-positioned for improvement and will continue to plan contingencies and remain nimble as we navigate the balance of the year. Turning to our Meals & Beverages division. As planned, we experienced a low- to mid-single-digit decline in top-line and consumption in the first quarter. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis, organic net sales were up 6% and dollar consumption was up 1%. The difference in net sales and consumption growth rates reflect the strength in our foodservice business and unmeasured channels, as well as a year-ago supply and inventory recovery. Within these results, we find many reasons to remain confident in the trajectory of the business as consumers depend more and more on affordable, stretchable meal solutions, which is at the core of our Meals & Beverages division. Turning to our soup portfolio on Slide 11. As anticipated, throughout the summer, we experienced decreases in dollar consumption overall. However, within these results, there are pockets of strength. For example, as consumers sought to stretch their food budgets, they turn to the strong value and convenience of the cooking portions of our portfolio. In fact, in our condensed cooking portfolio, we gained dollar share for the fifth consecutive quarter, increasing 1.5 share points in the quarter. Even among younger households, we continue to see long-term potential, as household penetration of total condensed cooking soups gained 0.4 points versus the prior year. In our broth business, we continue to drive relevance among consumers in this dynamic environment as total broth was up 4% behind the strength of our Pacific broth portfolio, which saw dollar consumption grow 16%, well above the category rate. The ready-to-serve and condensed eating businesses experienced more pressure in the quarter as a result of more consumers shifting to more stretchable meals versus single serve options. Turning to Page 12. As we have begun ramping up planned support in anticipation of the important holiday season, trends have been improving, especially as it relates to share. In fact, over the latest four weeks, including Thanksgiving, we've seen improvement in all segments driving overall dollar and unit share gains, including a 0.2 improvement in dollar share as well as a 0.9 improvement in unit share for our very important total soup business. Importantly, we are doing this with modest incremental investment as we are seeing more retailers actively returning to Campbell's brands from private label a year ago. This is providing an outsized benefit while we continue to balance the critical interplay between growing share, volumes and margins in-line with our expectations. Although the category remains somewhat under pressure on dollars, it's very encouraging to see improvement in both share and units as we head deeper into our key season. Turning to our Snacks business, we delivered first quarter organic net sales growth of 1%, consistent with the increase in dollar consumption. Our power brands grew net sales by a solid 5%, following a 21% increase in the prior year for a 13% growth on a two-year compound annual rate basis. Even with some emerging broader category pressure due to the consumer dynamics that we discussed earlier, our eight power brands have shown remarkable resilience, with brands like Goldfish and Lance posting net sales growth of 5% and 15%, respectively. The strength of our power brands was tempered in the quarter by lower-margin partner brands and fresh bakery, as those businesses are somewhat more vulnerable to private label and consumer trade down. On the following slide, we highlighted the continued strength of each of our power brands. Dollar consumption grew 3% versus the prior year and 19% versus two years ago, while five of eight power brands held or gained share in the quarter. Our eight power brands, which now represent approximately two-thirds of division net sales, remain a powerful and consistent growth engine even in the current consumer environment. Turning to Slide 15, a prime example of our Snacks power brand growth engine is Goldfish. For the fifth consecutive time, Goldfish has been named teens' most preferred snack brand according to Piper Sandler's Taking Stock With Teens, most recently in the fall 2023 survey. This recognition is the result of the remarkable work of our cross functional teams in expanding the brand to a broader audience and adding manufacturing capacity to meet the incredible demand for this product. We continue to see share strength in the overall portfolio as Goldfish marked its fifth consecutive quarter of holding or gaining dollar share. One of the keys to our Goldfish success has been a steady drumbeat of innovation. On this front, we're excited to bring to consumers our latest limited time offer for the holiday season, Goldfish Elf Maple Syrup Flavored Grahams in partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery, celebrating the 20th anniversary of its iconic movie, Elf. Is there anything better than maple syrup Goldfish to spread holiday cheer, and it's perfect for stocking stuffers or snacking all season long. And there's even more exciting innovation in Goldfish in store this year. Adding to the incredible success of innovations like Goldfish Mega Bites and our run of limited time offers, we are reinventing the category again in a way only Goldfish can with the introduction of Goldfish Crisps, crisps with the way that Goldfish does chips, the best of Goldfish with the best of chips combined into an irresistible, light, airy, crispy, fish-shaped baked snack. Launching in three craveable flavors, Goldfish Crisps will be available at retailers nationwide in January. On Slide 17, I want to highlight the margin momentum that the Snacks division has demonstrated. On a two-year compound annual growth rate basis, we grew Snacks organic net sales by 8% and operating earnings by 12% with approximately 130 basis points of margin expansion. Consistent with our long-term margin roadmap of achieving 17%, we remain confident in fiscal '24 expectations to finish above 15%. And now, we're adding even more fuel to our Snacks growth and margin journey with our DSD transformation initiative. This includes three key elements you see on Slide 18, two of which were already progressing. First, creating one snacking DSD logistics and warehouse network. This multiyear program will streamline our logistics and warehouse network, eliminate redundancy, simplify our network and improve our technology and capabilities within our warehouses and depots. Second, modernizing and harmonizing tools and technology used by our critical independent distribution partners. This will enable new capabilities and help enhance effectiveness and focus. In addition, this will also allow better retailer linkage and alignment to orders, while improving in-store insights. And third, we'll focus on DSD routes. The good news is the vast majority of geographies already have scaled routes. And in combination with the upgrades from the first two elements of our DSD transformation, these will be fully optimized going forward. To help improve geographies where routes are not operating at full scale, we're piloting a variety of potential solutions with encouraging early results. I'll share more about this third and very important element in our Q2 earnings call. We're excited to have made so much progress on such a unique and critical part of our business. And in the end, this will result in a strong and differentiated DSD platform to fuel both the growth and margins of the Snacks business. Before I conclude, let me provide a brief update on the status of our pending acquisition of Sovos Brands. As we announced in October, we received a second request for information from the Federal Trade Commission as part of the agency's review of Campbell's proposed acquisition. We are working hard to complete those requests and are advancing our integration planning. I continue to be impressed with the strong results the Sovos team is delivering and could not be more excited about completing the acquisition and fueling our next chapter of growth. We expect to complete the deal in the next calendar year and will continue to engage with the FTC on their review with the objective of closing the transaction in mid-2024. In closing, the first quarter unfolded much as we anticipated, continuing our consistent track record of meeting our commitments. Looking ahead, I'm confident and optimistic about the balance of the year. We will remain vigilant and agile to meet the evolving demands of consumers, while continuing to progress our strategic plans. With that, I'd like to wish all of you and my colleagues across the company a happy holiday season and thank the entire team at Campbell's for their ongoing incredible and impactful work. And now, I'll pass it to Carrie.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our first quarter results. As Mark indicated, our top-line finished as we anticipated, and adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS came in slightly better, primarily due to the timing of adjusted marketing, selling, and administrative expenses. Our organic net sales decline of 1% reflects mid-single-digit expected volume declines, a lower contribution from pricing and disciplined levels of promotion activity. Lapping a 15% increase in organic net sales in the prior year, organic net sales grew approximately 7% on a two-year compounded annual growth rate. Adjusted EBIT decreased 9% to $407 million, reflecting lower adjusted gross profit, a commitment to continued marketing and selling investments, and lower benefits from pension and postretirement income, partially offset by lower adjusted administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS decreased 11% to $0.91, driven primarily by lower adjusted EBIT and slightly higher interest expense, partially offset by a reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Slide 22 summarizes the drivers of our first quarter net sales performance. Excluding the impact of the Emerald nut business divestiture, organic net sales declined 1%. We generated 3 percentage points of growth from net price realization and volume and mix declined 5 percentage points in-line with expectations. As shown on Slide 23, our first quarter adjusted gross profit margin of 32.1% decreased a modest 10 basis points, with the year-over-year change in margin driven primarily by unfavorable volume and mix. As shown on the bridge, the combination of net price realization, productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives offset higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Turning to Slide 24. We continue to successfully mitigate inflationary headwinds with core inflation moderating to 2% in the first quarter, driven by attenuation in key inputs such as flour and oil. We expect core inflation to stay within this low-single-digit range for the full year, down from the 12% we saw in fiscal '23. Net pricing averaged 3% for the quarter, reflecting the contribution from our wave four pricing, our smallest and most focused pricing round. As a reminder, our wave four pricing will be fully lapped at the end of Q2 fiscal '24. In addition to pricing, we continue to deploy a range of other levers to mitigate inflation, including supply chain productivity improvements and broader margin enhancing initiatives, including a focus on discretionary spending across the organization. These other levers will start to have a greater contribution to margin performance as inflation continues to moderate and volume normalizes, especially as we move into the second half of the fiscal year. We are pleased with the progress we have made on our cost savings initiatives. Through the first quarter, we have achieved $895 million of total savings under our multi-year cost savings program, inclusive of Snyder's-Lance synergies. We remain on track to deliver savings of $1 billion by the end of fiscal 2025. Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 9%, driven by higher selling expenses, higher advertising and consumer promotion expense, or A&C, which increased 6% compared to the prior year, and higher other marketing expenses. On both the reported and adjusted basis, marketing and selling expenses represented approximately 9% of net sales for the quarter. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased by $5 million due to lower general administrative costs, partially offset by inflation. We saw some timing favorability in adjusted marketing, selling and other administrative expenses in the quarter, but expect this to be rephased into Q2 to keep the first half in-line with expectations. As shown on Slide 26, adjusted EBIT for the first quarter decreased 9%, primarily due to lower adjusted gross profit, higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses, and lower benefits from pension and postretirement income, partially offset by lower adjusted administrative expenses. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 16.2% in the quarter, primarily driven by higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses and changes in pension and postretirement benefit income. Turning to Slide 27, adjusted EPS of $0.91 was down 11% or $0.11 per share compared to the prior year. This was primarily driven by the decrease in adjusted EBIT and slightly higher interest expense, partially offset by reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Changes in pension and postretirement benefit income drove an approximate $0.01 impact to adjusted EPS in the quarter. Turning to the segments. In Meals & Beverage, first quarter organic net sales decreased 3%, driven by an approximate 6% volume and mix decline, partially offset by 2% net price realization. Lapping a 15% increase in organic net sales in the prior year, Meals & Beverage organic net sales grew approximately 6% on a two-year compounded annual growth rate. During the quarter, declines in U.S. retail products were partially offset by an increase in foodservice. Sales of U.S. soup decreased 5% following an 11% increase in the prior year, primarily due to declines in condensed and ready-to-serve soups, partially offset by an increase in broth. Segment operating earnings in the quarter for Meals & Beverages decreased 13% to $287 million, largely due to lower gross profit. As expected, first quarter operating margin declined 230 basis points to 20.4%, driven by the lower gross profit margin, which was largely driven by higher cost inflation and other supply chain cost, as well as the unfavorable volume and mix between retail and foodservice, partially offset by supply chain productivity improvements and net price realization. In Snacks, first quarter organic net sales increased 1%, and on a two-year compound annual basis, increased 8%. The organic net sales increase reflects net price realization of 5% and unfavorable volume and mix of 4%. Sales of our eight power brands increased 5% in the quarter. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 5% to $161 million, primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin increased due to the impact of net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, more than offsetting higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Overall, within our Snacks division, first quarter operating margins increased year-over-year by 80 basis points to 14.5%. I'll now turn to cash flow on Slide 30. We generated $174 million in operating cash flow in the first quarter and deployed that cash consistent with our capital allocation priorities to maximize long-term shareholder value. We see some great opportunities to reinvest back into the business to drive incremental growth, productivity and enhanced business capabilities. And as such, we stepped up our capital spend in fiscal '23 and this will now continue into fiscal '24 after a few years of lower spend levels through 2022. In Q1, capital expenditures were $143 million, $66 million higher than in the prior year, reflecting our commitment to invest for growth, particularly in capacity for our Snacks division. We also continued our commitment to return cash to our shareholders with $114 million of dividends paid and $28 million of anti-dilutive share repurchases in the quarter. Our balance sheet continues to be in a strong position with net debt of $4.6 billion, and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.8 times, below our target of 3 times. At the end of first quarter, the company had approximately $91 million in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $1.85 billion available under its revolving credit facility. In addition, on October 10th, we entered into a $2 billion delayed single draw term loan credit agreement. The proceeds of the loans under this credit agreement can only be used in connection with the acquisition of Sovos Brands. This $2 billion credit facility, along with our current revolving credit facility, will provide ample liquidity and flexibility as we plan for the pending Sovos Brands acquisition. As you'll see on Slide 31, we are reaffirming our full-year fiscal 2024 guidance provided on August 31. Organic net sales outlook for the full year remains in an expected range of 0% to 2% and reflects volume declines in the first half of fiscal 2024 with positive volume trends in the second half. Specifically for Q2, we expect net sales to again follow in-market trends with likely modest sequential volume improvement from Q1. However, we still expect volume and mix to be negative compared to the prior year. Additionally, our net sales performance will reflect lower contribution from pricing as we move through the year and continue our disciplined levels of promotion. Our full-year guidance range for net sales is largely reflective of what we see as the potential variability and the speed of volume recovery for the balance of the year. Full-year adjusted EPS guidance remains in the range of $3.09 to $3.15, with an expectation of modest earnings growth and margin progress in fiscal 2024 weighted to the second half, benefiting from a moderating inflationary environment and ongoing productivity improvement benefits. As I mentioned earlier, the expense timing favorability we saw in our Q1 results will be rephased into Q2. As a reminder, the sale of our Emerald nuts business, which we divested in May of fiscal '23 is estimated to reduced net sales by approximately 0.5% and have a $0.01 per share dilutive impact in fiscal '24. Additionally, the acquisition of Sovos Brands is expected to close in calendar year '24, and therefore, is not included in our current fiscal '24 outlook. We will continue to commit to investing in our brands, with marketing and selling expense as a percent of net sales expected at the low-end of the targeted 9% to 10% range, with the second quarter having higher sequential spend than Q1. We are increasing our capital expenditure guidance to approximately 5% of net sales, as we make additional investments in the business and strategically increase capacity to fuel organic growth. With the timing shift of the Sovos Brands transaction, we are accelerating certain key growth and infrastructure projects from fiscal '25 into fiscal '24. All other guidance assumptions remain unchanged. Turning to Slide 32. We thought it would be helpful to provide some additional insight behind the adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBIT drivers we expect to come to fruition in the second half of fiscal '24. As shown on the slide and referenced in our guidance, our core inflation outlook for fiscal '24 is materially improved from the low double-digit levels we averaged in the prior year. With cost inflation expected to remain in the low single-digit range for the balance of the year, we expect to see a greater net contribution from productivity and cost savings to our bottom-line. Other factors that we expect will contribute to improving margin trends in the second half will be more favorable mix as volume stabilize, especially on profitable businesses like soup, normalizing year-over-year changes in marketing and selling cost, as well as lower pension and postretirement income headwinds. In closing, first quarter results were largely as expected, and our fundamentals are strong as we head into this important winter season. Our Snacks business continues to progress its margin journey while we continue to invest in the equity of our brands. Our Meals & Beverage business continues to attract consumers seeking stretchable meals, which is especially important for winning the holiday season given the current consumer environment. With a clearly defined strategy and a best-in-class supply chain, Campbell is well-positioned to deliver the rest of its fiscal year. From the management team at Campbell's, we want to thank all of our teams for their hard work and wish everyone a wonderful holiday season. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. Mark, you mentioned an encouraging start to the holiday season and, of course, we don't want to make too much of any given four-week period, but for Campbell, obviously, the recent data is pretty critical. I guess I was hoping you could dig in a bit more on this data, particularly how you see sort of category dollars progressing to help inform how fiscal 2Q is unfolding, and more important, how you see the rest of the year given the expectation that '24 is going to be a somewhat back-end loaded year?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, yeah, great question, Andrew. And yeah, I think it's always important to see trends over longer periods of time. But of course, for us, Thanksgiving, I think from a barometer as far as the consumer -- kind of macro consumer trends, but also for the business, is quite important. And I guess, the headline I'd give you is that, the holidays, as we had hoped, or especially Thanksgiving, was very resilient. I think consumers for the most part is, as we had anticipated, were very present, and especially in those categories that are most relevant to Thanksgiving. And as you may be aware, we're -- outside of the protein, we're in the three biggest, with pretty strong positions in all three, which is broth, condensed soup, and stuffing. Those are your top three household penetration categories beyond protein for the holiday. And I would say in all three of those segments, we saw improvements and significant step-up in share. So, on condensed, we grew dollar share by 1.1; and broth, 1.2; and stuffing, 0.2. I will say one of the dynamics that we are also seeing is that the shopping dynamic has evolved a little bit as you might expect in a tough economic backdrop. And what I mean by that is one of the dynamics we saw was much later purchases. So, the key week of Thanksgiving was much bigger than the prior week. And historically speaking, those tend to be a bit more balanced. And as part of that, we did see a lot of consumers very actively seeking promotion. And so, I will say that on the dollar side of the categories, in some cases, although overall improvement in total Thanksgiving categories, if you cum them together, were positive, you still see some headwinds on dollars. What I will tell you though is it's not a function of, what I would call, disproportionate or inconsistent with precedent promotion or spending. And so, I know always when you see a little bit of separation between units and dollars, there's always that question. What I would tell you is that we did a very good job of executing within the holiday. One of the things I mentioned on the -- in the fourth quarter was that a year ago at Thanksgiving a lot of customers had chosen to go with private label as their lead item. We saw that reverse in a material way this year. And so, Campbell's products were back in the lead position, which was very important for us relative to ensuring that we get off to a good start in the season. So, although I wouldn't say a comprehensive win across every measure, I think the things that we could control and the things we really needed to see, we were able to see. And I think it bodes well as we go into the December holiday and Christmas period as we roll through the winter. You'll still see some headwinds on some of the non-Thanksgiving-related products that dampen a little bit the overall category, but nothing that's inconsistent with what we've seen or quite frankly what we expected.
Andrew Lazar: All right. No, thanks for that. And then, just a quick follow-up, and it's related to this. Obviously, gross margins came in well above Street forecasts, and I think that helps suggest that there are -- or backs up your point around promotional tactics from Campbell maybe are playing out sort of as you'd expected in a somewhat more rational way. I guess maybe you can discuss what you're seeing there? And more importantly, what you're seeing in terms of lifts? Are the lifts around some of the promotional activities sort of consistent with what you've seen historically?
Mark Clouse: I'd say better. And I think part of this now again is I -- as I suggested, I do think we are getting a bit of a tailwind and you can see it, right, what you'll notice is a fairly substantial step down in private label in certain of these categories as you'll see that flip occur between us getting kind of key week. And for those that may not understand exactly what I mean, the retailers have a decision to make on who's in their ad, who's on the end cap for the key week. These are the things that are really important to enhance the return on investment for our promotion and the lifts that you're describing. And this year, opposed to last year, where I think private label might have been a little bit more new, and I think retailers felt like, "Well, let's just get to a low price. And maybe that's what's most important," I think what we continue to believe and what we saw again in this holiday is that when the chips are really down, the Campbell's brands matter, and that is evident in the performance that we saw. I do think you point out a very good proof point and that is how our margins progressing. And I think the reality is in the first quarter, you did not see any type of material change in investment relative to promotion or trade. Our margins came in very much consistent with where we expected. We continue to do a very, very good job on our productivity and some of our other levers in managing costs. I think as we go forward, you will see us being very judicious, right? This continued balancing act that we've been talking about for a while of making sure that we're affordable and that the price gaps are managed right when we most need them to be, along with ensuring that the margin and the volumes all kind of work together to give us this kind of optimal position, not easy to do. And in a dynamic environment, we've got to make sure that we're staying agile. But I would say so far, I see nothing on the horizon that suggests to me that there's any variation from what we would have planned or expected, even though in certain periods of the year, you may see a sharpened price point or make sure that we're strongest in a key week, but not outside of the precedence that we've set in the past or within the margin construct that we've laid out.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks so much. Carrie, you mentioned the opportunity to manage discretionary spending maybe a bit more as the year unfolds. I'm just curious, is it possible to provide, I guess, some examples of where the biggest opportunities might be within discretionary spending. And I suppose I'm also asking for a bit of help with how you define discretionary as well. Thank you.
Carrie Anderson: Yeah. I would say a lot of that goes back to some of our enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives. So, we have a vast program that we look at opportunities to enhance business [capabilities] (ph), drive efficiencies in all parts of our organization that are part of our $1 billion cost savings initiative. So, I would say, it's really across the board, not only in our COGS areas and our manufacturing facilities, but also going into the SG&A areas as well. And that's where we're seeing it across the board, some of those cost savings opportunities coming through.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. A lot of that, Ken, I would say, it would be in two big buckets. One is what we would call the non-working bucket. So that's kind of think of it as production or materials or things that are not necessarily driving immediate impact in the marketplace. And then, secondarily, what I would call the non-people cost within our SG&A, where we're looking at everything. I mean, I think in a world where we want to make sure that every dollar is working as hard as it possibly can in this moment, especially, as I said before, as we kind of wrestle with this balancing act, we want to make sure that we've got every penny possible available to either invest in the right areas and/or help us deliver the earnings. So, I think those two buckets are where we have been, although always vigilant, I would say, at a whole different degree of rationalization as we really make sure that we're working as hard as we can to get those dollars to work hard.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then, just a quick follow-up. It's great to see the improving share data within soup, and thank you for the explanation as to what's going on maybe behind the scenes there. I'm curious, do you believe your key customers are satisfied with overall category volumes with soup, right, sort of understanding that the comparison is challenging. You did talk about how maybe you expect shipments and consumption to kind of match in the next few months, and maybe that answers the question. But just trying to get any kind of sense of how those customers are looking at the category right now in the scheme of affordability and so forth?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. It's a great question. And I do think it's a conversation that we have frequently with our customers. And you've heard me talk about this before, and I'm always a little guarded, because it should come with the big caveat that we're not going to do anything to undermine the long-term profitability of these businesses and margins. But I will say, it is important for us to ensure that the volume on these businesses continues to be in an appropriate range relative to ensuring that the health of the category and really the health of our overall network continues to sustain. And so, I think one of the other things you will see, Ken, in the holiday period, not surprising with the little bit of the disparity I shared between the unit share and the dollar share being a greater expansion in units, you will see a better step-up in units from where we've been on soup. And I think again, it's coming with the right investment package behind it. But look, I think that's encouraging. And I think over a period of time where we are looking for this business, not just for the next month or the next event, but really for the balance of the year and going forward, I think it continues to support what we believe is true, which is that this category continues to be strong. And look, just as a context, right, I know we forget this sometimes, and there's a lot of reasons why we can go back in these last several years and point to maybe non-normal one-time elements that affected it. But if I would have told you that the four-year CAGR on the soup category was going to be around 3% to 4%, we would have all felt really good about that given that it's the greatest growth period the categories had. And so, even though we're experiencing some slowdown in this year, I continue to believe that the underpinnings of this category, especially in the areas that we've identified as the most important growth areas, continue to have a good solid runway ahead. And I think Thanksgiving just becomes maybe a little bit, as I said, not the complete victory, but another proof point in that story.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Mark, last quarter you did some work to segment out grow versus optimize soup brands, and I want to know if the grow brands performed any better than optimize in the quarter, or were there comparisons at play to kind of change it around? And also maybe a little bit into the tactics you used for grow compared to optimize, how were they different?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, an interesting quarter on that front because you had, I would say, some real strength and some challenges in both of the two buckets. So, they were fairly consistent in the quarter. A little bit better, I would say, on shares. Broth recovered in the optimize, which was a good thing given its significance at the holiday. But the tactics, I think, for both -- and again, if I look at this over the last couple years, as I said in the fourth quarter, you do have a pretty dramatic difference where the growth businesses over the last couple of years CAGRs about 3% of upside and growing, and the optimized businesses are down about the same amount and even a little bit more. More importantly, in the growth areas over the last two years, you're seeing relatively strong shares across most of the key areas like Chunky and the icons on condensed and Pacific. I think in this particular quarter, what helped the optimize was some of the work and some of the benefit that we saw on broth kind of regaining its footing relative to private label. And I would say that was more of a function of just cycling private label than anything dramatic we did. I will say as we went into the key weeks, and if you remember what I said on broth, even as an optimize, what's important is that we win those key holiday weeks. And I think the good news is for a reasonable investment relative to what we expected, we saw that where broth for the quarter or for the four weeks was up 4% on dollars and up 1.2 share points in the latest four weeks, which is a great sign while private label was down pretty significantly. I think on the growth, Rob, what we're seeing, that's a headwind, right? I'd say condensed cooking icons, Pacific, all of those are doing extremely well. I will say the pressure on ready-to-serve has been a bit more pronounced in the last quarter. And this is really, we believe, a dynamic of consumers, especially our lower-income consumers that are under a lot of pressure that are migrating a bit more to what we would call stretchable meals from single serve. And so, one of the things that you'll see us doing on Chunky in particular is really positioning it more through the lens of the protein content and its ability to also stretch in meals to match a little bit where those consumers are going. But I do think in the quarter what dampened a little bit of the growth trajectory was that ready-to-serve. I'm not particularly concerned. I think we'll continue to see as we get into the season. A lot of activity on that business and all the other areas of growth are doing extremely well.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks for slotting me in.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Hey there. So, in terms of inflation as an enabler to gain the margin recovery in the back half, it sounds like you're looking for core commodity inflation to remain roughly stable where you were in the first quarter, the low single-digit rate. But when you show us the margin bridge, there's a big gap there. Like the 2% core inflation rate would suggest far less gross margin compression than the 460 basis points you show with the inflation in other bucket. So, what's going on with the other? And what should we expect going forward?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, the other supply chain cost is a variety of variables, and maybe Carrie and I can tag team on this one a little bit together. But I'd say there's three things in there that are influencing that margin pressure that we're seeing now. The first is, I would describe some inflation, albeit not core inflation, cost of the supply chain, some of the intrinsic costs within our plant costs have been a headwind and have moved kind of in concert, I would say, with inflation. And so, although we don't categorize it as core inflation, I would say generally that's what's behind it. I think the second is, it's also there is a mix dynamic that is within that cost structure that's related more to SKU mix and even as we see some of the brand and category mix, even through to SKU, we've seen a bit of a headwind there. And then, the third area is and again not completely unexpected that's also where you see absorption and some of the fixed cost leverage that you would experience in a circumstance where volumes might be a little bit down from where they've been, and that's pressure that's there. So, as you can expect that normalization, whether it be from the mix standpoint, inflation standpoint, and/or even the volume standpoint, that's why we do not see those continuing forward. And you will begin to cycle if you were to go back and look at our Q3 and our Q4 from '23, you would see rather significant contributions from those buckets as well.
Carrie Anderson: Yeah. I would just add that, think about some of those elements that Mark just talked about, it's cost of manufacturing versus cost of sales, there is a timing element that ultimately moves from your balance sheet to your P&L, and it -- we're cycling some of those things as Mark talked about on absorption as he mentioned.
Jason English: That's helpful. Thank you. And Mark, Carrie, another sort of higher-level question on the outlook for snack foods. The notion that snack foods are growth advantaged has come under some pressure recently, supported by the data. If you look at consumption data, there's been pretty sharp deceleration of volume trends across numerous snack food categories. Love to hear you opine on what you believe is driving that deceleration, whether or not you think we are sort of pivoting into a period where the growth advantages of snack foods are behind us. And if so, or if not, why? What drives that expectation?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, it's a good question, Jason. I think what you're starting to see is a little bit more bifurcation within snacking. So, I do think there are places where we are seeing greater pressure, especially where, I would say, segments are a bit more commoditized. What's interesting in the first quarter if you look at our results, you saw power brands, right, which are now about two-thirds of our business continuing, I would say, albeit at a slightly lower rate of growth than we may have had in the past, but still certainly a healthy delta versus what, I would say, the average for total food was, doing fairly well and continuing to perform well and even the underlying vol/mix trends on that business for the quarter, they were essentially flat for the -- I think, down just under 1% for the power brands. But what you are seeing is some of the -- a pretty healthy step down on a couple of areas, both the partner and the contract brands, that's a little bit more of our catalyst of managed continuing to optimize DSD. And I talked about that for the first time in more of a complete way. And I know a couple of questions there that I'll answer in Q2 and give everybody kind of a full picture of margin timing and a few other things that I know we owe to folks. But I think what I would say is we continue to work actively, although an important part of our business to manage that effectively. And then, some of our non-core snack businesses were weaker in the quarter. And they tended to be segments where you had a little bit more pressure from private label or competition in general. I would point to bread was a little bit weaker in the quarter and things like microwave popcorn and some other areas that albeit not power brands certainly are not insignificant and had a little bit of headwind. So, I think there's going to be a period here, Jason, where although I would suggest that overall you may see a little bit of pressure on some of those categories, but we have to remember, too, I mean, these snacks businesses, last year at this time, most of these power brands were growing at 20%. And so, even when I put the in-market 3% growth up against that business and combine it over a two-year horizon, you're still talking about strong double-digit growth over the last couple of years. And so, it's always a little hard to get the calibration of what's a trend that's going to sustain and what's kind of the normalization a little bit of the business. So, I still feel very bullish about it. I think we're going to, again, not unlike we're doing in other categories, have to stay very vigilant on what consumers are looking for and making sure that we're positioned well. But I would say so far so good relative to how we're seeing that play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jim Salera from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jim Salera: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Mark, I wanted to drill down a little bit on the snacking, particularly, Lance and Late July posted, I thought, very impressive share gains. Just offer some color on what's driving the strengths of those two brands in particular, compared to kind of the broader power brands portfolio?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. There's a lot -- those are quite -- two quite interesting brands, because they do both highlight, I think, consumer dynamics that may feel a little bit of tension with one another, but are fueling the categories. We actually see this on Meals & Beverage and on Snacks. So, let me take Late July first. I would say Late July is a more premium added-value brand, and we are seeing our premium brands doing extremely well. And part of the factor that underpins this is a lot of the decline that we're experiencing actually a significant outsize of contribution is coming from low-income households, which index on snacking only at about 20%, but they represent a much bigger portion of our declines, whereas the premium brands that index higher to the mid- and higher-income levels have been very stable, if not growing at faster rates. And so, I think Late July is a well-positioned brand in that added-value and elevated space, and thus within those consumer segments, remains extremely relevant, and the growth rates continue to perform very well. Lance is interesting, because Lance is really a brand that in our snacking portfolio does really index high to value. And one of the things that we're seeing is demand for that sandwich cracker segment, and in particular, Lance, has been extremely high. And when you think about the price point, the value, even the content, right, protein delivery, the perception of value of food relative to spend, it is a very, very high-performing brand and one that is doing very well. So, you can imagine among the more challenged consumer base, that particular business is just right on target. And we've seen demand doing -- going up pretty dramatically across that whole portfolio. So, it is a really good example of two very different macro trends that we're experiencing within the businesses, both snacking and Meals & Beverages.
Jim Salera: Great. That's helpful. And then, maybe to wrap up on some of the innovation you guys have, if we think about, especially in Goldfish, are these innovations meant to bring new households to the brand? Obviously, Goldfish is a very well-known brand. Maybe just kind of expand the buy rate with core Goldfish consumers, or are you still kind of in search of adding incremental households that maybe don't buy the core products but would be enticed by an innovation?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I would say consistent with what our ongoing strategy has been, which is broadening usage of Goldfish to the entire household. We have always been a powerhouse with kids, and not surprising, I think, to many of ourselves, as our own behavior may indicate, is that once it's in the household, more of the family tends to eat it. But we've not necessarily brought offerings that index a little bit more or specifically meet more of the expectations of either teens or even adults in the household. And that strategy over the last couple years, whether it was Frank's RedHot or Old Bay or Mega Bites, the innovation has been paramount into driving that. And one of the things that we mentioned in the call today, this is now going on two years of being the number one requested snack among teens. And that's everything, right? That's the brands you think of as being kind of these mega teen snacks and Goldfish has been number one. And so, when you think about a product like Crisps, where you really are intermingling kind of potato chip behavior with cracker behavior to get this kind of light munchable texture on Goldfish, it's a perfect fit for that. But we also want to make sure that kids target, we continue to meet their expectations as well. So, you love to see a maple-flavored elf product on Graham as well. So, I think the goal for us is to continue to be that number one choice for kids while enabling the entire household to be fans of it. So, I would say, I would expect that to manifest itself in both buy rate as you hope that a kid's household is buying a couple more packages of some of these other innovations or flankers, or that we hold on to households longer. So, as the kids age up, you're actually maintaining Goldfish in that repertoire, even if it may be through a Crisps or a Mega Bites as an extension into a longer and older set of kids or households.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-08-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's fourth quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. For us to give as many participants as possible the opportunity to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to two questions. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to side 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of our presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our fourth quarter and full year performance as well as in-market performance by division. Carrie will then discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full fiscal year 2024. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. Speaking on behalf of Campbell's management, I would like to extend our recognition of the dedication and hard work demonstrated by our teams throughout this year. We delivered the fourth quarter consistent with our expectations. And for the full year, we delivered strong growth across all three key financial metrics, coming in well ahead of our initial expectations and advancing many of our strategic initiatives. Collectively, we continue to solidify the foundation that has delivered consistent and dependable results over the past several years. Furthermore, our progress has set the stage for increased momentum in fiscal 2024 that we believe will result in broad-based growth and deliver compelling shareholder value creation. Let me begin with the highlights of the fourth quarter. As expected, we delivered 5% organic net sales growth, led by inflation-driven net price realization and solid in-market performance enabled by an advantaged supply chain and effective marketing and selling investments. Fourth quarter consumption increased 3% versus the prior year and 25% versus four years ago. As expected, we did experience declines in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS in the quarter given our planned brand investments and the pension headwind, which we pointed out on prior earnings calls. For the full year, we delivered double-digit organic net sales growth of 10% and strong adjusted EBIT growth of 5%. Adjusted EPS of $3, representing 5% growth versus prior year, was at the top end of our guidance range. As a reminder, the pension headwind was approximately $0.11 to adjusted EPS and four points of growth for the year. Consumption for the full year increased 8% versus the prior year, and reflected share growth across many brands. These strong results reflect the ongoing effective execution of our focused strategy along with the sustained consumer demand for our brands. We have strategically balanced the interplay between pricing and promotional frequency, while enhancing the tremendous equity and differentiation of our brands. We also continued to invest in expanding capacity for the future and enhance our capabilities in supply chain, marketing, sales and innovation. Looking ahead to fiscal 2024, we're excited about the next stage of Campbell's growth. The snacks business will continue to deliver on the value proposition of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition with top line and margin building momentum. Our Meals & Beverage business will be further strengthened and diversified with the planned strategic acquisition of Sovos Brands, which will extend our portfolio into the ultra-distinctive sauces segment and provides significant growth opportunities. This combination will make Campbell as one of the most dependable growth-oriented names in food. Carrie will provide full fiscal 2024 guidance later in the call. Before I review the division results, I'd like to provide some perspective on the current consumer landscape. We've spent a great deal of time analyzing the drivers and importantly, the potential implications going forward. We see three factors currently putting some transitory pressure on category in market results. These are primarily impacting our Meals & Beverage businesses, and all influenced Q4 to some extent. The first area is the residual effects of COVID surges from the summer of fiscal 2022. These surges notably benefited categories like soup in the prior year, particularly during the summer, a period which historically has lower sales. We expect this effect to continue into Q1 and greatly diminish as we approach the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Directionally, the impact of this factor contributed about 50% of the decline in soup in the fourth quarter. This dynamic likely helped mitigate price-driven elasticities in Q4 fiscal of 2022. The next factor is lapping of double-digit pricing actions from a year ago. This was a dynamic we expected and one that likely will continue to be a headwind throughout fiscal 2024, but sequentially lessening in the second half of the year. We do also expect sequential volume improvement to mitigate this pricing headwind as we move into Q2 in the second half. The third factor and likely contributing to the limited volume recovery to date is the consumer behavior in response to ongoing economic uncertainty and prolonged inflation. First, consumers began prioritizing categories based on more immediate needs and value leading to fewer categories in the shopper basket. This pattern of behavior resulted in a real focus on seasonal priorities and has obviously created a headwind on categories like soup in the summer. We expect our categories like soup, which is a top 10 category in the fall and winter, to increase in priority, and we're already seeing some early signs of improvement. The second behavior is a growing shift to more value-driven stretchable meals, which has had a mixed effect on our business. It has undoubtedly been a positive driver on categories like pasta sauce and condensed cooking soups, as well as broth, while also adding pressure on categories like ready-to-eat soup. We expect this behavior to subside as inflation continues to moderate. The positive news as it pertains to our Snacks division is that our brands consistently maintain a strong presence in consumers' top categories throughout all seasons of the year. Moreover, our Snack power brands have displayed remarkable resilience as consumers, even while prioritizing value continue to sustain their purchases across our differentiated portfolio. Broadly speaking, we see these dynamics as transitional in nature. While we do anticipate the persistence of these dynamics in the near term, we're confident in the equity and the value of our brands within this environment. In fiscal 2024, we'll maintain our support of our brands and remain vigilant on value to ensure we remain competitive, but do not see this as a catalyst for dramatic shifts in promotional or margin dilutive actions to chase volume or share. Turning to our division results. Our Meals & Beverages portfolio remains well positioned as consumers employ multiple strategies to stretch their food dollars. In the fourth quarter, we delivered organic net sales growth of 1%. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is the lightest in terms of seasonality for this business, and we're also wrapping strong performance of 7% organic net sales growth in the prior year, primarily driven by inflation-driven pricing and some of the COVID surges I mentioned earlier. While end market consumption was down in the fourth quarter by 4%, we saw strong performance by Prego, up 5%; and Pace, up 7%; and Pacific, up 11%. Compared to pre-COVID levels, dollar consumption for the division was up 17% overall. Diving more specifically into our Meals & Beverages portfolio, I wanted to highlight the progress we've made within several areas of our soup business. This year, we've refined our soup portfolio to establish distinct areas for growth and identified areas where scale and optimization will be more of the focus. The great news is our growth focus segments represent over two-thirds of our U.S. soup business and has consistently delivered strong growth and share results even where private label is present. Brands like our condensed icons, our condensed cooking soups, Chunky, Home Style and Pacific soup are compelling areas of consumer relevance even among younger households and continue to demonstrate long-term growth potential. They are also brands where our marketing and innovation efforts have been very effective. In the quarter, our shares in this portion of the business were essentially flat. And versus four years ago, we've gained 1.2 share points with consumption up 27%. We're confident in the trajectory of this business and are committed to continuing to fuel these segments going forward. The optimized portion of our soup portfolio, which represents less than a third of our U.S. soup business, has experienced recent share softness and thus remains an area of opportunity for us. These are areas where the segments are a bit more commoditized or value sensitive, like broth. So they have tended to be where private label or lower cost options have sourced some share. The team remains vigilant in this segment of the portfolio, continuing to ensure we remain competitive without undermining any long-term profitability. Interestingly, this portion of the business represents only 14% of Meals & Beverages and is approximately 7% of Campbell's total net sales and will become even smaller after the pending acquisition of the Sovos Brands business. Turning to Snacks on Slide 10. We finished the year strong with fourth quarter organic net sales up 9%, driven by our eight power brands. We maintained strong in-market momentum, growing consumption by 8% and 31% compared to four years ago, also driven by the strength of our power brands, which delivered double-digit dollar consumption for the fifth consecutive quarter. Overall, fiscal 2023 was another fantastic year for Snacks, with net sales growing at 13% and operating earnings growth at 24%, these results provide compelling proof that our strategic focus on highly differentiated and relevant brands is working and can lead to sustainable profitable growth. The next slide highlights the impressive performance and continued growth of our power brands, which grew consumption 10% versus the prior year. On a four-year basis, consumption was up 39%, with all eight brands growing double-digits in the quarter while holding volume share. This illustrates the strength of our core portfolio and reflects the continuation of heightened consumer demand for snacking. Turning to Slide 12, our Snacks business has delivered tremendous growth over the past two years. The business has grown net sales at a 7% CAGR with operating earnings growth at a 12% CAGR over a two-year period. In the last fiscal year, we drove a step change in operating margin, growing from 13.1% in fiscal 2022 to 14.4% in fiscal 2023. This is consistent with our Snacks margin road map and gives us increased confidence that we'll continue to deliver on our long-term goals and show steady improvement in fiscal 2024, where we expect to be north of 15%. I'm excited and very optimistic as we enter the new year with proven strategies and strong fundamentals and advantaged strong supply chain and arguably one of the most focused portfolio stories in the industry. Within Snacks, we continue to expect accelerated growth and to build on the margin trajectory from this year. And in Meals & Beverages, we expect to continue to strengthen the business with sequential and steady improvement throughout the year. This story will only be made stronger following the completion of the Sovos Brands acquisition, adding the most compelling growth story in food to the Campbell's portfolio. It's an exciting combination. We understand and have planned for some short-term broad-based category dynamics in the early part of the year, especially in Q1. However, we have strong plans in place and are well positioned to gain momentum and deliver another strong year, adding further evidence of the transformation of the Campbell's business. With that, I'll pass it to Carrie, who will review our fourth quarter and full year results and present our fiscal 2024 outlook.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks Mark, and good morning everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our fourth quarter results, which came in largely as expected with a mid-single-digit organic net sales increase and an adjusted EBIT performance that reflected planned fourth quarter investments in sales and marketing, especially in our Snacks business and continued headwinds related to a non-operating item. Fourth quarter organic net sales increased 5% to nearly $2.1 billion, reflecting inflation-driven net price realization, partially offset by some unfavorable volume and mix. Adjusted EBIT of $242 million was a 10% decrease to prior year as higher adjusted gross profit was offset by planned investments in marketing and selling and higher adjusted other expenses related to lower pension and post-retirement benefit income. Adjusted EPS decreased 11% to $0.50, driven primarily by lower adjusted EBIT. The impact of lower pension and post-retirement benefit income reduced adjusted EBIT margin by 40 basis points and adjusted EPS by $0.02 in the quarter. We are pleased with our overall performance for the full year. Our fiscal year net sales results exceeded our initial guidance expectations provided a year ago, finishing the year with organic net sales growth of 10%, driven by higher net price realization. Adjusted EBIT grew 5% and adjusted earnings per share finished at $3, also up 5% and ahead of the top end of our initial expectation range despite a $0.02 greater adjusted EPS impact than originally planned from pension and post-retirement income. Overall, for the year, this non-operating item reduced full year adjusted EBIT by $44 million and adjusted EPS by $0.11. Slide 17 summarizes the drivers of our fourth quarter net sales growth. Excluding the impact of the sale of the Emerald nuts business, organic net sales grew 5% in the quarter. We generated 10 percentage points of growth from inflation-driven net price realization. Volume and mix declined five percentage points across both divisions. Our fourth quarter adjusted gross profit margin of 30.6% was generally in line with Q3 with the year-over-year change in margin driven primarily by unfavorable volume and mix. As shown in the bridge, net price realization and productivity improvements more than offset cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Moving to Slide 19. Our teams continue to successfully mitigate inflationary headwinds that averaged 12% for the year. We saw steady moderation as we move through the quarters with Q4 core inflation finishing at 6% compared to a high of 18% in Q1. Fourth quarter's rate reflected improved trends in oils and flour as well as improvement in logistics and transportation. Net pricing averaged 13% for the full year, reflecting contributions from three waves of pricing aimed at offsetting double-digit inflation. We ended the year with a fourth quarter net pricing contribution of 10%, still benefiting from the impact of pricing waves three and four with price wave three fully wrapped as of July. In addition to pricing, we continue to deploy a range of other levers to mitigate inflation including supply chain productivity improvements and broader margin-enhancing initiatives, including a focus on discretionary spending across the organization. We are pleased with the progress we have made on our cost savings initiatives. Through the fourth quarter, we have achieved $890 million of total savings under our multiyear cost savings program, inclusive of Snyder's-Lance synergies. We remain on track to deliver savings of $1 billion by the end of fiscal 2025. Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 9%, driven by higher advertising and consumer promotion expense, or A&C, which increased 23% compared to the prior year, and higher selling expenses, partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives. The increase in A&C this quarter was primarily driven by the planned increases in our Snacks division. Overall, our adjusted marketing and selling expenses represented approximately 9% of net sales for the quarter and the full fiscal year. And adjusted administrative expenses increased by $11 million or 7% to $164 million due to higher general administrative costs and inflation, partially offset by increased benefits from cost-saving initiatives. As shown on Slide 21, adjusted EBIT for the fourth quarter decreased 10%, primarily due to higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses, higher adjusted administrative expenses and higher adjusted other expenses related to lower pension and postretirement benefit income this year, partially offset by higher adjusted gross profit. Lower pension and postretirement benefit income this year drove an approximate $7 million impact to adjusted EBIT. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 11.7% in the quarter, primarily driven by a lower adjusted gross profit margin, higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses and the impact of lower pension and postretirement benefit income. Turning to Slide 22, adjusted EPS of $0.50 was down 11% or $0.06 per share, compared to the prior year. This was primarily driven by the decrease in adjusted EBIT and slightly higher interest expense, partially offset by a lower adjusted effective tax rate and a reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the segments in Meals & Beverage, fourth quarter organic net sales increased 1%, reflecting net price realization, partially offset by unfavorable volume and mix. Sales increases in foodservice and Prego pasta sauces, were partially offset by declines in beverages, U.S. soup and Canada. Sales of U.S. Soup decreased 2%, primarily due to declines in ready-to-serve soups, partially offset by strong increases in broth and modest increases in condensed. Segment operating earnings in the quarter for Meals & Beverages decreased 18% to $132 million, primarily due to lower gross profit. Fourth quarter operating margin declined to 14.1%, driven by lower gross profit margin, which was largely due to higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs, as well as unfavorable mix between retail and foodservice, partially offset by net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements. For the fiscal year, segment operating margin declined to 18.2%, compared to 19% in the comparable year ago period. In Snacks, fourth quarter organic net sales increased 9% driven by sales of Power Brands, which were up 13%, and reflected net price realization, partially offset by modest unfavorable volume and mix. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 12% to $158 million, primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses as well as higher administrative expenses. Gross profit margin increased due to the impact of net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, more than offsetting higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs and unfavorable volume and mix. Overall, within our Snacks division, fourth quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 60 basis points to 14%. For the fiscal year, we were pleased with our margin progress posting a 130 basis point improvement to 14.4%, compared to 13.1% in the prior year. I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2023 cash flow from operations was $1.14 billion, compared to $1.18 billion in the prior year, primarily due to changes in working capital partially offset by higher cash earnings. In line with our commitment to return value to shareholders, we have returned nearly $590 million through dividends and share repurchases through this fiscal year. Cash outflows from investing activities reflected capital expenditures of $370 million, $128 million higher than in the prior year, as we invested in key growth areas, particularly in our Snacks division. Our year-to-date cash outflows from financing activities were $723 million, including $447 million of dividends paid and $142 million of share repurchases. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $301 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $104 million remaining under our $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program. Our balance sheet ended the fiscal year in a strong position, with net debt of $4.5 billion and with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.6 times, well below our targeted three times range. This puts us in great shape as we plan for the pending Sovos Brands acquisition. As of year-end, the company had approximately $189 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.85 billion available under its revolving credit facility, providing a significant excess liquidity and flexibility. Turning to Slide 26, let me walk you through our full year fiscal '24 guidance. As a reminder, the sale of our Emerald nuts business, which we divested in May of fiscal 2023, is estimated to reduce net sales by approximately 0.5 percentage point and have a $0.01 per share dilutive impact in fiscal 2024. Additionally, the acquisition of Sovos Brands is expected to close by the end of December 2023, and therefore, is not yet included in our current fiscal 2024 outlook. For revenue, we expect reported net sales growth to be in a range of down 0.5% to plus 1.5% and organic net sales growth of flat to 2% for the year. Our expectations reflect improving volume trends throughout the year with an expected lower contribution from pricing and disciplined levels of promotional activity. In terms of phasing, we do expect volume declines to continue in the first half of fiscal 2024 with sequential improvement leading to positive trends in the second half. This dynamic will be most pronounced in Q1, where we would expect top line to be very much in line with consumption. For earnings, we expect adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5% with an adjusted EPS range of $3.09 to $3.15. We also see the opportunity for modest margin progress. Having exited Q4 with core inflation of 6%, we expect sequential quarterly improvement throughout fiscal 2024 and expect full year core inflation in the low single-digit range. We also expect productivity improvements of approximately 3% and cost savings of approximately $35 million to $40 million towards our $1 billion savings program. As a result of improved second half volume trends and these cost dynamics, earnings growth and margin expansion are expected to be second half weighted. Additionally, in line with our continued commitment to brand investments, we expect marketing and selling expense as a percent of net sales to be at the low end of our targeted 9% to 10% range with a step-up in marketing and selling spend in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, both on a year-over-year basis and sequentially compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. Division operating margins are expected to improve overall for fiscal 2024 with Snacks operating margins expected to be above 15% and modest operating margin expansion in Meals & Beverage expected in the second half of the fiscal year. Our full year adjusted EBIT and EPS guidance also comprehends an estimated pension headwind of approximately $13 million to adjusted EBIT or $0.03 per share. This is significantly lower than the impact we saw in fiscal 2023 and represents approximately 1% of both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth compared to the 3% to 4% impact we saw in the prior year. This headwind will be most pronounced in the first quarter. Other key assumptions underlying our guidance included an expected net interest expense of approximately $185 million to $190 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%. As we think about the phasing for the year, we expect the first quarter adjusted earnings growth rate to be the lowest of the year due to the concentration of higher inflation, increased marketing and selling expenses, the highest quarter impact from lower pension income and some costs related to a nonmaterial cyber incident. As you know, we don't provide quarterly guidance. Given the unique dynamics in Q1, however, we expect first quarter adjusted EPS likely in the upper $0.80 range with momentum building as the year progresses. As I wrap up guidance, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 4.7% of net sales. Our priorities for fiscal 2024 include select capacity expansion projects, including the recently announced Goldfish investment, our headquarter consolidation and other programs to support our Snacks margin improvement plan as well as important IT and productivity investments. We see great opportunity to reinvest back into the business in support of growth and improve profitability. This is fueling the modest step-up in investment compared to the last couple of years and remains very much aligned with our long-term algorithm and capital allocation priorities. We are also committed to maintaining a competitive dividend and a strong balance sheet. In closing, we are confident that the relevance of our brands, our strength and capabilities in marketing, innovation and supply chain execution provide a solid setup for accelerated growth in the second half of the year and into fiscal 2025. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Mark, thanks for some of your commentary at the outset on the sort of the current operating environment in the industry and how that sort of impacts your thinking for the year ahead. You talked about a number of impacts and then a bunch of sort of timing factors, right, to keep in mind as we think about the year. So I guess I was hoping maybe you could maybe give us a little bit more color on sort of how you see the phasing, particularly as it relates to sort of volume recovery as you go through the year? And for the -- I guess, for the full year, how you would think that organic growth target you've laid out sort of breaks out between, let's say, volume and pricing? And then I guess, secondly just would be, do you feel like the, given it's a back-end loaded year, and it's for reasons that I understand, do you feel like you're giving yourself enough room or flexibility to sort of hit those numbers, particularly in light of some of the very recent or near-term trends that you discussed in the industry? Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes, sure. It's a great question and one that I think, as you would imagine, we probably spent the greatest amount of time really trying to unpack it. And as you point out, as you rightfully point out, it really starts from getting a good understanding of what we're experiencing now. And I think we've had a couple of quarters where arguably, we've seen consistent across, pretty broad-based across the industry some slowdown and perhaps a little less volume recovery than what many of us might have originally expected. And so really digging into that to understand the drivers, I think, are important for getting the confidence or the conviction in the full year. As I laid out earlier, we kind of anchored on three things that we see influencing the numbers with kind of variable impact as it relates to timing or sequence through the year. So, the first one and the one perhaps that for many might not have been immediately on the radar screen is this kind of tail end of COVID impact. And I know that's perhaps something we didn't talk a lot about a year ago in fourth quarter. But as we really took time to kind of step back and compare baselines of our categories, especially some of our, let's call it, less prevalent in the summer categories like soup, you really do see a very tight linkage to where we saw a couple of the surges that occurred in the tail end of fiscal '22 for us and into the first quarter of '23. That is really the tail end of it. So although we see that as a fairly material impact on a couple of areas, I do think you're going, by the time you get really into the later part of Q1 and into Q2, we don't see that as much of an impact. And in fairness, I think looking back, it was probably a catalyst for helping us deliver even better elasticities than perhaps anyone really expected at that time. Although I would still say, even without it, it was still much better elasticities than what history would provide. So I think that one's definitely a transitional one. You can see a start. You can see an end. I think we'll feel that a little bit in Q1. But as we get through the balance of the year, I would not expect that to be a headwind. I think the second area I talked about is pricing. And that one obviously will be with us throughout the year, but the orders of magnitude will sequentially improve pretty significantly after being at kind of the peak, which is about 16% pricing impact in Q1. And as that moderates through the year and gets better from quarter to quarter, I do expect that impact to become less significant just mathematically. But I also think that as you're continuing to build and support the brands the way we've been doing it, I think that your volume and the prediction of volumes improving as you get to that kind of more, I would say, normal environment, I think that's going to be one of the catalysts that helps the sequential improvement through the year. The last one and perhaps the most interesting, just to talk a little bit about is what's the consumer behavior because perhaps at the end of the day, that's going to be the greatest indicator of that recovery. And one of the things that I think has been interesting as we've really dug into this, is this bifurcation between seasonal categories. And as consumers' market baskets are shrinking, what we really see is this kind of two-pronged rationalization. One, first, prioritizing those categories that are more relevant in the season. So those that are more prevalent in the summer tend to hold up better in the consumer's basket than maybe a soup, for example, where it drops pretty significantly in the summer in household penetration, and we can see that kind of amplified in a little bit of category-to-category comparisons. The great news is when the seasons move into the fall and into the winter, as I think we all understand kind of where the spikes are for soup in general, that jumps up to a top 10 category based on household penetration in those seasons. And that gives us a lot of conviction that the relevance and the prioritization of that in a shopper's basket will begin to go up. And in fact, even in the more recent trends, although far from perfect, we've started to see some of that improvement occurring. I mentioned this on the call, one of the things that's quite interesting where snacking has been much steadier and more consistent. Part of that fact is because in every season, snacking is number one or number two as far as rating is a priority or household penetration for consumers. So I do think there is this dynamic where consumers are making trade-offs. And I think the second part of that is really this dynamic of consumers trying to stretch their dollar. And what I mean by that is we see a migration to categories and purchases that enable consumers to feed a greater number of family members or a greater number of servings. And so you see things like pasta, rice, pasta sauce for us, our cooking condensed soups hold up and do very, very well, where some of our more single serve, maybe a little bit more individual products have been a little bit more impacted, if you will, by this recent kind of consumer tightening, if you will, that's not unexpected in the -- given the macroeconomic environment and kind of the sustained inflationary period. I think I expect that to continue. But as inflation perhaps moderates through the year, I would expect some of that pressure or some of that more return to normal to be present across the fiscal year, although I do see very much, especially in the first part of Q1, where we're still in kind of that summer season. But this particular area will continue to impact the business. But when you put together this kind of cycling of COVID, the moderation of pricing and what I think will be a better position for some of our categories relative to seasonality and priority in the basket along with a bit more expected normalizing of inflation, this is why we see the sequence of the year improving. And this is why we also think this is not a moment or a structural change to food that requires you to chase volume or share kind of to the bottom, right? So the idea that we're going to need dysfunctional promotion to manage what I just walked through is just not what we're seeing. And that's why the confidence of the year is laid out the way it is. As far as why were we not more conservative? I think what we've always tried to do is appropriately give you the perspective on where we see ourselves and where we see the business with of course, a little bit of flexibility to deal with whatever the inevitable variability may be. But we feel very good about how the year lays out. And even with a relatively tougher Q1 as we expect most of what you saw in Q4 to be more present in Q1, that sequence and that climb is going to be quite positive. Remember, too, this is -- I remember when we delivered this imagining, lapping it. But last year Q1, we were 15% up on every metric. So top line, EBIT, EPS, all 15% growth. So our comps in the year are significantly tilted to a favorable first half to back half, which just is another reason as you model and do the math to feel a little better about that sequence.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for the detail. Have a good holiday.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks. See you next week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much. Mark, you discussed some of the reasons for volumes to improve in the second half. I certainly appreciate the reasons why. I'm also curious to hear a little bit more about the plan to maybe improve market share, especially in soup and broth. I'm just curious, how we should think about share trends that we can see in Nielsen. Should we expect them to remain, I don't know if the word challenged is right, but a little bit underwhelming until we can see some of the maybe bigger declines lapped. Or are there any changes you can make to pricing or other marketing efforts that maybe will help us see some of the scanner data in terms of market share reverse a little bit sooner?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So it's a good question, Ken. And there's clearly, I would say, very distinctly different parts of our portfolio as we kind of look at it today. I would certainly say one of the things that has been a standout for us has been our Snacks business. And as much as we talk a lot about the dynamics within Meals & Beverages, I would just say, for 50% of the business, we feel very, very good about how the brands have held up And although, we still see some pressure on pretzels, where you've got a very distinct driver and reason for that in the acceleration of that category through some new sub-segments, the most -- the majority of our brands and especially our power brands really are positioned well. And although, we'll cycle some pricing there as well, I feel very good about how we're competitively positioned as it relates to brands like Goldfish or even our Pepperidge Farm cookie business, which we see a great holiday ahead and really have some terrific innovation coming. Snack Factory has been very strong. Our Kettle potato chips is probably an area where we've seen a little bit more competition. But we know how to play that. We have a great value proposition as it relates to Kettle and Cape Cod and some super innovation there as well. So I would just say from a snack standpoint, and half of our business, we feel really good about how we're positioned. Then I think as you get into Meals & Beverages, I do think that's probably where we've experienced a little bit more pressure on share. But it is interesting as you kind of fully unpack it. One of the points that I made in my prepared remarks is, for example, on soup, if you were to remove broth as a segment, where we know we're getting a lot more pressure from private label, it's a more commoditized segment. If you took broth out of that, our share is flat in soup, which is really a testament to the core growth areas I talked about, which represents 70% of that portfolio and where I fully expect to continue to grow and drive positive share as we have over the last several years. You had brands like Chunky returning to share growth. Pacific continues to do well. Our condensed cooking business has really just been performing extremely well competitively. And even in those categories where private label exists, those differentiations that are within those brands have been quite effective. I think on broth and some of our flankers within soup, which is where arguably we felt some of the greatest pressure, I think those are areas where you will see us be very focused on ensuring that value is protected in particular during key seasons or key holidays. But we'll make sure that we stay competitive. I think on some of the flankers, the opportunity that I think we have there is really to determine that those value propositions, and I think in some cases, we'll have a good path forward. In others, you may see some rationalization in areas as we really tighten that portfolio for the future. But as I said, I think the thing that stands out to me is we talk a lot about the soup business, and is that a hindrance or a help. I think unpacking a little bit more of the segmentation helps a lot. When you contain 7% of our sales in the company that are in these more challenged areas and with opportunity to improve, I feel a lot better, and I hope the investors would as well that on the balance of that portfolio, we feel very good. Pace has been another standout, and we've seen positive share there and really expect that value proposition. It's used heavily in cooking in meals right now, which bodes quite well for Pace. And then Prego is an interesting one, right? We continue to grow as pasta sauce category performs very well. But we know there's this other segment in ultra-distinctive that has really been outsized growth and we can't compete there with Prego. That's not what that brand does. So although I don't love the share impact there, I kind of understand it. And of course, that's a big catalyst for the Sovos, the potential Sovos acquisition, which I think will be a great complement to our Prego business and give us a lot of conviction going forward. So I think I would start by just saying, I don't think the share performance of the business, when you look at the parts that are most critical, are in a dire position. I think the areas where we do need some work are fairly contained and focused, and I think there's a lot of reasons to believe that where we have strength, we'll continue to drive that going forward.
Ken Goldman: Very helpful. Thank you. Have a great weekend.
Mark Clouse: Bye. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Peter Galbo: Hi. Good morning, Mark, Carrie. How are you guys?
Mark Clouse: Hi, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Mark, I just wanted to kind of hone in a little bit and not to make you do math on the call. But I think if you just kind of take the midpoint of the range you put into the outlook, it implies something like 100 basis points of gross margin expansion in '24 relative to '23. And understanding that's probably a back half-weighted number, I just wanted to maybe give you a chance what gives you the confidence between, I guess, cost savings and COGS productivity maybe moderating inflation just to get there that we should kind of have confidence that, that can come back in the second half of the year?
Mark Clouse: Well, we did a pretty good job laying out the drivers right there, Peter. I mean I think, remember, you've got a wonderfully helpful tailwind in our Snacks business and the margin agenda that we're anticipating there. As we mentioned in the call, we feel terrific about the step change that we made in fiscal '23, getting up over 14% from our starting point back kind of pro forma around the 12% range. And as we look at '24, we've got a lot of confidence in the initiatives that are there that will keep driving that, and we expect that to be north of 15% as we get into the year. So another important step in our journey to our longer-term margin goals for snacking. But I think underlying kind of macro across the business, you do have a dynamic where you've got reducing inflation as you sequence through the year, especially as we come off a relatively high peak in '23, you're at low single digits today, our outlook is for low single digits as we go into the year. And arguably, that's front-loaded improving through the year is a big driver for that reason why. And then I do think with that kind of moderation, you are enabling your productivity and your cost savings to be more incremental and get back to driving margin expansion. And even on our Meals & Beverage business, where we're anticipating more of modest margin improvement, that will be a big factor for that business and why we believe we'll start that journey back to some stronger margins as we get into the, in particular, into the back half of the year. But I think as you imagine that landscape, that's how we're seeing this margin bridge or progression through the year. And although we are pointing to a tougher Q1, as many of the dynamics in Q4 still are around in Q1, we're not imagining a significant headwind on gross margins or margins that are going to really impact dramatically and then improve as we go. Carrie, did I miss anything in there?
Carrie Anderson: Talk a little bit about foodservice. That was a -- 
Mark Clouse: That's a great point, yes.
Carrie Anderson: It will normalize, that growth normalized, which brings itself a little bit of unfavorable mix in fiscal 2023. We won't have.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean that's a great point. I mean if you look at mix for this year, even in this quarter, if you look at especially Meals & beverage. And if you're wondering a little bit the drivers of that margin that we anticipated, but it's certainly significant, about a-third of that is coming from mix, which is really driven by the outsized contribution of foodservice. As we get into Q1, that actually goes away because the recovery of food service was really most pronounced starting right in the beginning of fiscal '23. So that mix benefit as you start to go through the balance of the year will be yet another absence, I would say, of a headwind that we had this year.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Clouse: Okay. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Mike.
Michael Lavery: I wanted to drill into margins a little bit. And I guess just two parts of it. You gave the -- the outlook for 2024 is 15% plus in Snacks. Maybe just confirming, would you still feel like you're on track for 17% by fiscal '25? Or is that been pushed out a bit? And then on Meals & Beverage, certainly, going into some of the inflation headwinds and some things that are clear. But with the fading pricing, is it just stepped up of productivity that really drives a better improvement in the back half? Like maybe just unpack that a little bit better as well.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think on the snack side, and Carrie will do this one together as well. But I would tell you that, I continue to feel very confident in our road map to 17%. I think as far as do we get all the way there in '25, it will depend a little bit, I think, on some of the environmental elements that have been creating a little bit of the challenge that we've seen over the last couple of years. But I feel very good now with what we put on the board in '23 and what the outlook is for '24. And so I think we're in the hunt. But I'm a little hesitant. I want to see a couple more variables as it relates to inflation and more environmental costs. One of the things we've talked a little bit about that we've had to try to work our way through is some of the fixed let's call it, fixed inflation like labor has been tougher, more challenging than we originally put into the model. The good news is we found other means in which to continue to drive further productivity. And so I think we're - although, I see the kind of line of sight, if you will, to '17, probably want to see a couple more of those variables come in to confirm for sure exactly that timing. And I know we owe that back to folks and we're working on that, and we'll provide that in the near future. I think on Meals & Beverages, it's a little bit of a function of kind of cycling out of some of the environmental elements that are there. I will say one of the things that on Meals & Beverage has been a little tougher in the more recent period is we've been very judicious on pricing relative to inflation, and that's probably put a little more pressure in Q4 as well as, to some degree, in the first part of the year. As inflation moderates through the year, we expect that dynamic to normalize and then we expect to be able to utilize the productivity more incrementally to drive that kind of moderate margin improvement that we're expecting on meals and beverage for the year. So it is a little bit of a dynamic of Meals & Beverage needing to be a little bit more balanced. I'm not talking about spending back on promo. I'm simply talking about as we talked previously, through our waves of pricing, how to make sure some of our categories like broth and condensed soup, where we know we're going to be a little bit more value-driven how to manage that. And although that's provided a little bit of short-term pressure, we expect that as that normalizes in '24 and productivity is more incremental to the business, you'll start to see that pivot back and start to see margin recovery there that I know we're expecting and I think will be very helpful for us as you think about the algorithm and the phasing of '24. Anything I missed?
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Okay. Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hi. Good morning, folks. Thanks for fit me in.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Congrats on the margin progression on Snacks. It's good to see.
Mark Clouse: Thank you.
Jason English: But sticking on margins and turning to the other side, Meals & Beverages. Obviously, some challenges there, particularly in the back half of the year. Based on normal seasonality, it suggests that it looks like you're probably going to enter the year with margins down a couple of 100 basis points in the first quarter and maybe down up to 100 basis points or so in the second quarter. To get to margins up for the full year, if I'm right on that, and please confirm or deny, it implies material margin expansion in the back half of the year. So is that cadence roughly in line with your expectations? And if so, what drives that ramp in the back half?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think a big part of it, Jason, is that we have definitely seen -- let's take Q4 as an example on Meals & Beverages, and we talked a little bit about this in Q3 as we kind of foreshadowed the fourth quarter. And although fairly consistent to expectations, you have about a third of the impact on Meals & Beverage that is a mix dynamic that we would expect to reverse in the second half. So, as you see a more dramatic contribution from foodservice and some other lower margin segments that are in the business as well as, as you look at where some of the pressure has been relative to the consumer dynamics I talked about, there's no question that's been a little bit more significant on our soup business, which as you know, has a very good margin architecture. So, mix is a big part of what that dynamic or that swing will be. The other contributor the other major contribution to the margin headwind has been this dynamic that we really do only expect to see in Q4 and Q1, where we knew that pricing was going to lag a little bit of the tail end of inflation as we made some choices relative to more pricing that we did not take in places like broth and a little bit to some degree in condensed soup. As the inflation numbers normalize throughout the balance of the year that is going to be a marked difference in margin impact. And then with the significance of a lot of productivity that we've been putting in place, recognizing some of the structural inflation and costs that I talked about will really be landing in the back half of the year. So, I do expect to see outsized margin recovery in the back half. And I think although you're phasing does illustrate that, I think it's fairly accurate to how we see the year unfolding. But I think the drivers that are inherent in that are able to we can pinpoint those. And for the most part, they're not necessarily executionally-driven or even dramatically related to kind of hope and prayers for the environment. They're pretty mechanical in nature and is why we felt confident in building a profile that has a little bit more of a back-weighted margin improvement as it relates to Meals & Beverage. So, hopefully, that helps give you at least the variables that we're looking at.
Jason English: And that's super helpful. But I'm still a little bit confused. So maybe you can unpack that mix component for me a little bit more because my understanding, my thought was that this was more of a normalization, that foodservice was recovering and now we're back to more normal mix. You're saying it's abnormal. It's going to reverse. So, what is abnormally going to reverse?
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think you've got the dual impact of greater pressure on higher margin portions of your business while also having a much higher growth contribution from foodservice. I think both of those variables flip in the back half of the year. I think you'll see a stronger relative performance out of our Soup business and higher-margin portions of our business, while also having, as you point out, a more normalized contribution from foodservice. So, I do think it is a little outsized right now as it relates to what we're modeling for the back half of the year.
Jason English: Predicate on pretty meaningful volume growth in Soup in the back half of the year, am I understanding that correctly?
Mark Clouse: I think returning to volume growth. Meaningful, I think, is always a little bit of a -- for Soup, yes, I think it will be meaningful growth.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-06-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell. And joining me today are Mark Clouse, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded and reflect an effort to better accommodate more time for Q&A. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. For us to give as many participants as possible the opportunity to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to two questions. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you'll see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our third quarter performance as well as in-market performance by division. Carrie will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2023. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. As you read in our press release this morning, we delivered our third quarter very much in line with our expectations, with strong mid-single digit net sales growth led by favorable net price realization, partially mitigated by the comparison to year-ago retailer inventory rebuild. We also experienced planned low-single digit declines in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS year-over-year primarily due to higher non-operating items. Overall, it was another quarter of consistent strong results fueled by in-market performance, best-in-class service levels, driven by our sustained supply chain recovery, and favorable inflation-driven net price realization. All of these have and continue to be key areas of focus for our company. Our performance was led by another tremendous quarter in Snacks, where we continued to build broad-based momentum on both growth and share, and made a meaningful step change on margins. In Meals & Beverages, our brands continue to benefit from the strong value and convenience they provide consumers. We did experience some expected volume/mix pressure as we cycled prior year retailer inventory rebuild. It's worth noting that we are fully back to pre-COVID service levels in the mid- to high-90s, which is currently best-in-class as we continue to turn our supply chain operations into a competitive advantage. In addition, we don't expect further significant inventory-driven volatility as retailers have returned to targeted inventory levels, taking advantage of these improvements in our service levels. As we look to close out another strong fiscal year, we are reaffirming our full year fiscal '23 financial guidance ranges for net sales and adjusted EBIT, and we are currently tracking to the upper end of our adjusted EPS outlook range. Our guidance appropriately considers the current environment, prior year comparisons, normalized investment levels, and absorbs the divestiture of the Emerald nuts business, which was announced on May 30. Now, I'll turn to a quick discussion of our divisional results, starting with Meals & Beverages. Organic net sales decreased 1%, while in-market dollar consumption grew 2%, with the variance primarily driven by the cycling of significant retailer inventory rebuild in Q3 fiscal 2022, which was more pronounced in the Meals & Beverages division. Our supply chain recovery has been best in class, and our top tier execution led to significantly improved customer service levels, up approximately 25 points in the third quarter versus prior year, enabling retailers to return to pre-pandemic inventory levels. Volume in the quarter was impacted by the same inventory dynamic, as well as below historical norm price elasticities and some increased competitive activity as others supply also improved. Once we cycle the tough prior year comparisons, we expect volume trends to improve sequentially. We have made considerable progress in creating sustainable momentum and relevance across the Meals & Beverages business over the last several years and remain confident in the continued growth potential of our iconic brands. Turning to our soup portfolio on Slide 8. Dollar consumption was essentially flat versus prior year, reflecting inflation-driven pricing mitigated by below historical norm elasticities and some increasing share pressure. As competitors improve supply, we are seeing some increased promotional activity. On a net sales basis, soup was down 11%, primarily reflecting the disproportionate impact of cycling the inventory recovery from a year ago, which accounts for the majority of this decline. Strategically, we continue to believe strongly in our ability to grow the soup business and are pleased with the progress we've made in leading the renewed relevance of the category over the last four years. For example, the improved relevance of condensed soup, especially cooking, where we have supported the growth of in-home meals. Importantly, this has attracted new younger consumers to Campbell's. In addition to cooking, our condensed eating icons, including Chicken Noodle and Tomato, are also up significantly from pre-COVID levels, providing a strong foundation for our business. However, some flankers like Healthy Request in our Kids' flavors which have been key drivers of recent share softness remain an area of opportunity. Next is the complete restage and growth of Chunky Soup. This brand has been fundamentally transformed from a product purchase primarily on deep discount promotion to a great everyday value with a compelling position that focuses on protein and quick in-home lunches. This positioning has been particularly relevant with younger consumers, especially given the current economic climate and in contrast to higher-priced frozen food or away-from-home options. The impressive four-year growth in dollar consumption up 31% and share of 2 points has been fueled by great marketing, effective inflation-driven pricing, and innovation like our Spicy line. We did experience a step-up in some competitive pressure in Q3, but we're already seeing the return to share growth, up 1 point in the latest four weeks. Finally, the performance of Pacific as a growth engine. This organic premium line has proven to be a fantastic acquisition, driving incremental consumers to our portfolio. Its results over the last four years have been impressive, up 56% in dollar consumption and 0.9 share points. With offerings across broth and ready-to-serve soup, Pacific gives us a high-growth premium platform to keep expanding the category and our soup business. These three areas of strength paired with a robust pipeline for the future solidifies our confidence that soup will be a steady contributor as we cycle through some of the tough comparisons and return to a level-playing field. Turning to Slide 9, our Snacks business delivered its third consecutive quarter of double digit net sales growth, continuing the strong momentum of this business. Our 12% net sales growth was fueled by our eight power brands, reflecting the benefit of net pricing and below historical norm elasticities, which resulted in a slight decline in volume and mix. In-market dollar consumption in our total Snacks business grew 15% over the prior year and 32% compared to four years ago, also driven by our power brands. Although not as significant as in Meals & Beverages, we were also lapping some of the inventory recovery from a year ago. In fact, with our significant supply chain recovery, our customer service levels are now averaging 95%. Drilling into our power brands on Slide 10, dollar consumption increased 18% with strong dollar and volume share growth, which was driven by impactful marketing and a steady drumbeat of innovation. On a four-year basis, dollar consumption was up 40%, with all eight brands growing double digits in the quarter. For six of our eight power brands, our dollar consumption growth is outpacing their respective categories, highlighting the outsized consumer demand for our unique and differentiated Snacks portfolio that spans both cookie cracker and salty categories. With increased service levels, contributions from new product and packaging innovations, and planned investments, the shared trajectory of our power brands shows a significant improvement over the prior year, systematically rising for each of the last four consecutive quarters. Our marketing efforts also continue to win as we focus on engaging consumers where and when we can have the greatest impact. Goldfish, which is on pace to approach a $1 billion brand is a great example, being named teens' most preferred snack brand for the fourth time in a row, according to Piper Sandler's Spring 2023 Taking Stock with Teens survey. Building on the success of our Goldfish innovation model with LTOs such as Frank's RedHot and OLD BAY Goldfish, we are now driving increased innovation on other brands in our snacking portfolio, such as the Kettle Brand. Our new kettle-cook and air-finish potato chips have performed extremely well in market. We've also released two LTOs with strong results, taking a page out of the successful Goldfish playbook. We're adding innovation on brands like Late July that has also fully recovered now on supply. As we continue to build momentum across the portfolio, we'll step up investment behind this innovation and brand building, which will continue in the fourth quarter. Our Snacks business has grown steadily these past two years, and we're now starting to see progress on our profit and margin roadmap. Over the same period, we have seen operating earnings growth average 13% and even with the strength of our top-line, we've also seen margins expand. In fact, Q3 year-to-date, we are up a 130 basis points versus two years ago and pacing to an absolute operating margin for the year of over 14%. We remain confident that we'll continue to show steady improvement in fiscal 2024, and while also remaining on track for our longer-term Snacks operating margin goal. In summary, although Q3 was a tougher comparison to cycle from a year ago, our results were in line with our expectations. We remain right on track for the full year, and more importantly, we're showing fantastic progress in many critical strategic areas, such as momentum in every facet of our Snacks business, including margins, strong sustained execution across our supply chain, and momentum and continued relevance of our Meals & Beverages business. Overall, we continue to be pleased with the consistency and performance of the business leading to another strong year for Campbell. With that, I'll turn it over to Carrie.
Carrie Anderson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our third quarter results, which came in as expected, reflecting the benefit of prior waves of pricing and ongoing supply chain momentum, as well as the in-market environment and retailer inventory dynamics, which Mark discussed earlier. Third quarter organic net sales increased 5% versus prior year, reflecting favorable inflation-driven net price realization, partially offset by volume and mix declines. Adjusted EBIT decreased 2%, primarily driven by higher adjusted other expenses related to lower pension and postretirement benefit income this year. Higher adjusted gross profit more than offset higher adjusted administrative expenses and higher marketing and selling expenses. Adjusted EBIT margin declined by 110 basis points versus prior year to 14%. Adjusted EPS decreased 3% to $0.68, driven by lower adjusted EBIT and a higher adjusted effective tax rate. The impact of lower pension and postretirement benefit income reduced adjusted EBIT margin by 50 basis points and EPS by $0.03 in the quarter. Turning to a year-to-date view, top-line and adjusted EPS were both up double digits compared to the period last year, and adjusted EBIT was up 9%. The impact of lower pension and postretirement benefit income reduced year-to-date adjusted EBIT by $37 million and adjusted EPS by $0.09. Of note, our Q3 year-to-date adjusted EBIT margin was relatively stable at 15.4% when compared to 15.6% for the nine month period last year. As reflected on Slide 17, third quarter dollar consumption growth in measured channels of 8% outpaced net sales growth of 5%, driven largely by the expected lapping of retailer inventory rebuild in the prior year period when our service levels were recovering. This was partially offset by net sales growth in non-measured channels, which we estimate contributed approximately 2 percentage points in the bridge between dollar consumption growth and organic net sales growth in this quarter. Slide 18 summarizes the drivers of our net sales growth of 5% in the third quarter. We generated 12 percentage points of growth from inflation-driven net price realization. Volume and mix declined 7 percentage points, reflecting both the cycling of retailer inventory rebuild in Q3 of fiscal '22, as well as lower volume consumption due to higher elasticities. Excluding the impact of the cycling of retailer inventory, the underlying volume and mix decline was approximately mid-single digits, consistent with the implied run rate we expect for the balance of fiscal '23. We expect volume trends to improve into fiscal '24 as we fully cycle pricing. Price elasticities remain below historical levels, illustrating the continued underlying strength of our brands. Our third quarter adjusted gross profit margin was generally as expected, declining 60 basis points to 30.9% this year, from 31.5% last year, driven primarily by unfavorable volume and mix. As shown on the bridge, favorable net price realization and productivity improvements more than offset cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Within other supply chain costs, we are lapping a one-time insurance benefit of 50 basis points in Q3 fiscal '22 related to a temporary disruption in our Meals & Beverages supply chain operations caused by Texas storm in 2021. The next page highlights the steps we have taken to mitigate core inflation, which was approximately 8% on a rate basis in the third quarter compared to 15% in the third quarter of fiscal '22. Our actions include targeted pricing and trade optimization. For the third quarter, net pricing was 12% and reflected the impact of pricing waves three and four. As a reminder, wave three pricing went into effect at the start of July of 2022, and wave four pricing, which was more selective compared to other rounds was in place at the beginning of third quarter of fiscal '23. We continue to deploy a range of other levers to mitigate inflation, including supply chain productivity improvements and broader margin enhancing initiatives, including a focus on discretionary spending across the organization. In terms of commodity exposure, all of our raw materials are essentially covered for the balance of the fiscal year, and we continue to closely monitor the overall commodity markets. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses increased $6 million or 3% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This increase was driven by higher selling expenses, partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented approximately 9% of net sales for the quarter and we continue to expect marketing and selling expenses to be at the low end of our targeted range of 9% to 10% of net sales for the full fiscal year. Within marketing and selling, advertising and consumer promotion, or A&C, was down 2% versus prior year, driven by a mix of investments to focus on prioritizing value-driven programs to match the current consumer landscape. Adjusted administrative expenses increased by $8 million or 5% to $154 million due to higher general administrative cost and inflation, higher incentive compensation, and higher benefit related costs, partially offset by lower expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims. As a percentage of net sales, adjusted administrative expenses were 6.9%, in line with prior year. As shown on Slide 22, adjusted EBIT decreased 2% more than explained by the $12 million increase in adjusted other expenses related to lower pension and postretirement benefit income this year. Higher adjusted gross profit more than offset the combination of higher adjusted administrative expenses and higher marketing and selling expenses. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased 110 basis points to 14% in the quarter, primarily driven by a lower adjusted gross profit margin and the expected 50 basis point impact of lower pension and postretirement benefit income year-over-year. The impact of higher marketing and selling expenses and higher adjusted administrative and R&D expenses was fairly neutral on margin in the quarter as net sales growth was higher than expense growth. Turning to Slide 23, adjusted EPS of $0.68 was down 3% or $0.02 per share compared to the prior year. This was driven by the lower pension and postretirement benefit income we just discussed, which was a $0.03 impact to adjusted EPS along with a slightly higher adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter. Turning to the segments. In Meals & Beverages, third quarter reported net sales decreased 2%. Organic net sales decreased 1%, primarily due to inventory and elasticity-driven volume and mix declines, partially offset by gains in foodservice and net price realization. Third quarter operating earnings for Meals & Beverages decreased 17% due to lower gross profit, with nearly 30% of the decline due to lapping the insurance settlement in the prior year. Third quarter operating margin in the segment decreased to 16.4%, driven by lower gross profit margin, which was due in part to an unfavorable mix shift between foodservice and retail, and the 100 basis point impact of lapping the insurance settlement. Favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements largely offset cost inflation and other supply chain costs. On a third quarter year-to-date basis, segment operating margin stayed relatively stable at 19.2%, compared to 19.4% in the comparable year-ago period. For Snacks, third quarter net sales, both reported and organic, increased 12%, driven by sales of power brands, which were up 16% and reflected favorable net price realization, which was partially offset by modest declines in volume and mix. This is the third consecutive quarter of double digit net sales growth for our Snacks business. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 41%, primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by slightly higher marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin increased due to favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, more than offsetting cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Overall, within our Snack division, third quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 330 basis points to 16%. On the third quarter year-to-date basis, operating margin increased 150 basis points to 14.5% versus 13% in the comparable year-ago period. This year-to-date margin is more indicative of the Snack margin we expect for the full year as we continue to invest in the momentum of the business. I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Our cash generation remains strong with cash flow from operations of $918 million through the end of the third quarter. In line with our commitment to return value to shareholders, year-to-date, we have returned over $475 million through dividends and share repurchases. Cash flow from operations was lower than the prior year, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Our year-to-date cash outflows from investing activities were reflective of capital expenditures of $257 million, up from $179 million in the previous year. Our year-to-date cash outflows from financing activities were $535 million, including $336 million of dividends paid and $141 million of share repurchases. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $301 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $104 million remaining under our $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $223 million. Turning to Slide 27, we are reaffirming our net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS outlook provided on our second quarter earnings call. Given our year-to-date performance, we are tracking to the upper end of our full year fiscal 2023 adjusted EPS guidance. And given the momentum of our core brands, we anticipate that the recent divestiture of the Emerald nuts business, which closed on May 30, will not have a material impact on our fiscal year adjusted 2023 results. And accordingly, our full year guidance is inclusive of the lost sales and profits of that business for the remaining two months of the fiscal year. Our reaffirmed adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance reflects planned fourth quarter investments in sales and marketing, especially in our Snacks business as we drive continued momentum and value for consumers into these important summer months. Additionally, we are now expecting full year capital expenditures of $360 million for fiscal '23, up from our previous guidance of $325 million, as we look to accelerate key manufacturing capacity investments in our Snacks business. Our full year guidance for all other items remain unchanged, including the full year pre-tax pension and postretirement benefit income, which is expected to be lower by approximately $45 million or $0.12 per share compared to the prior year. This represents approximately 3.5% of adjusted EBIT growth and approximately 4% of adjusted EPS growth. To wrap up, our third quarter tracked to our expectations, driven by strong price realization and operational execution, including in our supply chain. While we did see volume and mix decline in the quarter, it was largely a function of year-over-year comparisons, which masked base volume trends. We are meeting consumer needs for value, quality, and convenience while managing private label, and competitive activity, particularly in our Meals & Beverages business, while our Snacks business continues to demonstrate accelerated growth and steady year-to-date margin progression. Our capital allocation priorities are well defined and consistent, and we look forward to deploying our strong cash flow against the highest ROI opportunities. And with that, let me turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Mark, you mentioned that results were in line with your expectations. But we've seen some sizable upsides to results on both organic sales growth and gross margin for really a bunch of packaged food peers recently. And maybe it's not fair to compare, and some, I suppose, could be timing related. But I'm curious how we should think about that as it relates to Campbell's results this quarter. And then, maybe more important, as the group starts to approach a more normal operating environment, do you see Campbell as being able to manage through this sort of transition period in, let's say, a relatively even keeled way? Or should we expect some volatility as the benefit from pricing starts to wane and sort of volume needs to ultimately sort of pick up the slack? So, just sort of a two-part question. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Sure. Yes, thanks, Andrew. I think it's always when we're cycling a quarter like we had in the third quarter last year, where we had such a dramatic step-up in our supply chain that enabled us to catch up what had been essentially two years of kind of hand-to-mouth service levels and kind of hovering in the 70s and low 80s for quite a while. It's always a little tough to help people see through all those variables as we set up what that lap will look like. But maybe if I can try to distil down why I do not think Q3 of this year optically is necessarily an indicator or harbinger of things to come, there are a few pieces that I think are quite unique. So, if you look at the top-line, we delivered 5% net sales growth with about a 7% negative on vol/mix. We know that when we cycle the inventory replenishment from a year ago, it was worth about 5 points, right, which is going to impact dramatically or directly net sales, but also significantly on the vol/mix side. And so, if you kind of back that out, and although look, I don't know where other players are in their returns to inventory levels with retail or how supply chains have recovered, but I would make the case that our supply chain for perhaps a lot of good reasons that we needed to do it recovered at a faster pace than many. And in fact, if you look at our service levels right now in the marketplace, they would absolutely be best-in-class. We're essentially fully back to pre-COVID levels of service. And so, arguably, our supply chain probably gave us a benefit a little bit faster than it might have in some other places. But nonetheless, if you kind of put that into context with the 5% growth rate for the quarter, especially given that you've got the underpinning consumption in market of 8%, you're feeling much better about what I would tell you is kind of the underlying, let's call it, run rate. Although we do expect pricing to begin to come down and volumes to improve, that's important to kind of look at it through that lens. What may not have been as immediately clear is then as you kind of ripple down into the margin. So, we were off about 60 bps on gross margin and about 110 bps on EBIT margin. But there's three really important factors that you have to build into that. First, as frustrating as it is for me to share this each quarter, there was about 60 bps of the pension income headwind that we've had all year, and we'll expect that to continue into Q4. There was also about 50 bps of the insurance settlement related to the storm. And perhaps the less obvious one, and if you really see this on the Meals & Beverage business, is the impact of the mix dynamic of that inventory cycling. And so, a lot of the benefit a year ago was in soup. So what you see, especially in Meals & Beverage, is a lower soup number, better away-from-home number and the mix impact of that was well over 100 basis points. So, when you kind of put those pieces together relative to where the EBIT margin and EBIT came in, you see a pretty different picture. And in fact, when we say it's in line with our expectations, that was how we were planning it. And if you think about why we're also saying, "Hey, we're kind of right on track for guidance for the year," those elements were contemplated as we laid out the year. Now, we're always going to want to make sure as we look into a Q4 that we've got the room to invest. And it is true that as others are recovering in supply competition, I expect to continue to be stepping up a bit, but nothing that I see that's dysfunctional or out of line with historical levels. So, we're going to keep ourselves in a position to be able to invest. But really from my standpoint, when you peel that back and you look at what's going on underlying in the business, and this is a little bit of a lead into your second part, I feel great about where we are. I mean, there's no question the Snack business is really just on fire. I mean it's hitting on all cylinders. We're seeing the broad-based growth, significant share improvement, strong and improving vol/mix, and, for the first time, really starting to see the traction on margin as we're now above 14%, about 150 basis points up for the year, which is kind of a runway. This quarter might be a little better than what we'll see next quarter. But in essence, we're going to be delivering, I think, a really meaningful step forward for the business in the year. And so, as I look forward, again, notwithstanding full outlook or guidance for '24, I feel very good. It is going to be a different dynamic as price does come down and volume improves. But I see very strong potential to continue to make progress across all fronts. And that's including margins and profit and being able to sustain growth. So, I think although this quarter, we have to unpack a few of those variables, at the end, very much in line with what we expected. And I do not think this is a bellwether necessarily for us or the industry for that matter as far as the way the world will unfold over the quarters ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks so much. Really appreciate that detail.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. I wanted to ask about what you're seeing in the marketplace for soup. And you touched on some of this, but it looks like unit share losses for Campbell are decelerating in condensed, but maybe it's requiring a little bit of a heavier price investment. And then RTS, your primary competitor is investing a little more in price. So, I don't want to overstate what's in scanner. You're clearly getting a benefit from non-measured channels. But one of the questions that we're getting is, hey, is there a risk that soup is starting another race to the bottom, right? It's been a long time since we've seen that kind of dynamic in this category. It's been much more rational than it used to be. But those of us who are a little longer in the tooth kind of remember when those price competitions, for lack of a better phrase, were not really uncommon. So just curious on your thoughts about direction the category is heading.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a good question, because it is -- we tend to talk about soup and the macro. And there are, as you begin to point out, a variety of different variables underneath it. I would tell you that we do not see that dynamic that you're describing. I do think the fights are kind of by different segments. So, if you think about what we've set up previously, for us, as we look about long-term health and sustainability of soup, we're really focused in three big areas. The first is the relevance question around condensed, which arguably, over the longer horizon, has perhaps been the biggest question that certainly I've gotten over the years here is, "Are we able to continue to drive that relevancy that we saw picking up through COVID?" And really, for the last four years, soup has been growing at a CAGR of about 4% a year. I don't remember any time that in history, we may have seen it. A lot of factors why. But nonetheless, a pretty steady performance. Can we sustain it? And I think that as condensed, we look at it, there are two areas that we're really dialed in on. The first is making sure that, that core set of icons continues to be a solid foundation. And I get asked a lot, "Are you better off versus pre-COVID? How does it look?" Those icons have grown 5 share points in condensed. And that's a good thing for us because those are really where we have strong competitive differentiation, Chicken Noodle, Tomato, Cream of Mushroom, Cream of Chicken, very, very compelling and strong. I think the most exciting part of condensed, which was the other big strategic focus, was to drive the versatility of the category and see it more relevant with cooking. And if you look at the last quarter, we were up 0.6 of a share point on condensed even in a world where we were seeing some pressure overall from private label. But within the cooking area, we continue to grow. And that's a great signal for the future. In particular, a lot of that growth is coming from younger households where I think there was a lot of questions on "Can you attract people into the condensed business that are millennials?" And I think the answer is a clear yes. In fact, if you go back pre-COVID to now, we're up about 3 share points in cooking as we've continued to see a little bit of distortion based on our focus and the versatility of that segment. Now, what that does imply is that some of our more higher-priced flankers, we're going to have to get a little bit sharper at that value proposition and make sure not on price but on benefit. So, I do not see this as a race to the bottom at all. Although we do experience some pressure on private label, we're being very thoughtful about the longer-term strategic game in condensed. So, I think this is a different day, Ken, and I get it, and I know that people are going to want to really probe on that to understand it. But I really do see it in a very different space than it was in the past. On ready-to-serve, you're right. I think some people have come back into supply, and we're seeing a little bit more competition, but nothing dysfunctional. And in fact, the game there is really Chunky, which has just been an unbelievable transformation. As I said in my comments, repositioning it from this kind of low-cost value on promotion item to something that's delivering value, protein and convenience has really proven to be successful, especially when you pair it with some of the innovation. Although we saw a little bit of share pressure in the quarter, overall, in the last four weeks, we're up 1 share point again. And if you go back in time, we've grown this business 2 points since COVID. And I just feel great about where it's at and where it's headed. I think perhaps a little bit of the sleeper in the ready-to-serve category has been our Pacific business. Interestingly enough in this world of concern of trading down, our Pacific brand was the fastest-growing ready-to-serve brand in the quarter. That's faster than some other jarred premium soups that are out there, really kind of debunking this whole myth of whether cans or jars. If it's good food, people are going to buy it, especially if it's a great value. And I think Pacific has done extremely well in setting that combination with Chunky. And perhaps something you don't see in the numbers is that some of our value elements within ready-to-serve like Home Style, which is a little bit lower priced but high quality, was up 10% and growing share in the quarter. So, you may see us distort a little bit more between not just Chunky, but adding Home Style and Pacific to the ready-to-serve story. So, as I look forward, I think we're really well positioned to benefit from this kind of resurgence in the category overall. And I feel like that, in contrast to some of the places where we're feeling pressure, is a great sign for things to come, even though in some of these flanker or more premium spaces within the categories, we've got to keep working there. I don't want to see any share loss. But generally speaking, we're right in line with where we expected to be. And I talked about Pacific. The third area, of course, is Pacific, more broadly to include broth. But that's just been a great acquisition for us. It's been up almost 60% since the beginning of COVID. And as I said, it's been growing share rapidly, especially in ready-to-serve, where we launched the new line of canned products. So, probably a little bit longer on soup, but I know that's a big question. I'm just not at all convinced that there's a return to history. I really think this is a different day, different portfolio and certainly a different level of commitment.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey, Mark and Carrie. Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi.
Peter Galbo: Mark, I know we spent a lot of time on soup. Maybe just to put a little bit finer point on maybe the marketing side. You talked a bit about ramping the marketing spend, I think, on Snacks in the fourth quarter. But just as we get into next year, as part of that strategy to get sharper value positions, again, maybe not wanting to get competitive on price, but is it more marketing in soup as you get into soup season in fiscal '24? Just kind of help us understand the lever to pull to eventually kind of drive the volume.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think, as we said, been pretty consistent through the year. As we start to cycle a little bit of this kind of return to supply, let's call it, a little more of a level or equalized playing field, I think it's going to be, again, this balancing act or combination of ensuring that we've got the right price points, promotion frequency, but also the equity has really been at the end of the day, what's driven a significant amount of the benefit on the business, right? So, the idea that we've been able to position cooking and condensed as a quick great value tool for solving this dilemma, whether it's in the economic backdrop we're in right now or just the dilemma of what I'm eating for dinner, that is -- that work will continue into next year. And again, you pair that with Chunky, some great innovation there, the runway for Pacific. As I said, I do think you might see us, Peter, dial up a little bit of some of our flankers. One of the things that's interesting more broadly in Meals & Beverages, some of the businesses that are not insignificant, but perhaps we don't talk as much about, like SpaghettiOs or Swanson Chicken or Home Style ready-to-serve, these are all really well positioned. In fact, in the third quarter, all three of the businesses I just named were up 10% and growing share. And so, we've got quite a few tools in the bag, if you will, that can complement our core businesses. The goal in mind here is not to chase price down, right? That's not what we need to do. I think the good news for us is these four years have given us an opportunity to really strengthen the brand and equity. And so, our goal here is going to be a balanced attack, right? We've got to get pricing right and promotion right, but we also want to really drive it on the basis of differentiation. And I -- as I said, I think, although we can always point to, well, why was -- it's been four years, but there's always a reason why it's better or good. At the end of the day, our soup category growing at the rate that it's grown consistently over the four years gives us a lot of conviction and confidence in the future.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks for that, Mark. And then, Carrie, maybe just a real quick one. In the gross margin bridge, I think this quarter, the spread kind of between the core market inflation rate, whatever you want to call it, and kind of what came through the P&L was a bit wider than last quarter. And I think that's just hedging. But wondering if you can unpack that quickly and just when we might start to see that gap start to shrink between the two kind of numbers that you reported? Thanks very much.
Carrie Anderson: Yes. I think overall, let's start with the fact that core inflation came in at 8% in the quarter, which is trending in the right direction. Last quarter, it was 14%. So, definitely, we're still in an inflationary environment, but it's going in the right direction. And certainly, price was still a healthy contributor for us in the quarter as well. And so, when you look at that bridge, on a dollar basis, if you look at net price realization and inflation and other we covered are essentially our inflation coming through the bridge there. And then, you combine that with the productivity improvements, I think we're doing a really nice job of showing that core improvement in the business. But going back to what Mark said earlier, what you've got there is a little bit of unpack on the fact that you've got some unfavorable volume and mix with some of this inventory cycling impact that you talked about as well as the 50 bps of favorability we had last year in this insurance storm settlement that we didn't have this year. So, those are the two items that I think make the bridge a little bit more challenging. But the core inflation is going in the right direction. We've got some still healthy price there that is offsetting those items.
Mark Clouse: And remember, too, Peter, you had what, about 50 bps there that was the insurance that we were cycling that shows up in that bucket as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Michael.
Michael Lavery: You had mentioned that A&C was down a couple of percentage points in the quarter. And just to attribute that to some version of I'm trying to be mindful of the value consumer and -- just can you unpack some of those adjustments and how you think about it? And what the shifts look like? And if at a point in time where you're mindful of consumer switching, you would actually maybe spending down a little bit, that was a little bit of a surprise.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think a little bit of -- so if you look at marketing and selling overall, we were -- it was a little bit of a relatively very small number in the reduction. What I would say is most of our investment -- and we're trying to get this balance right between what we would call traditional A&C and then in-market marketing and support. One of the things that we did, and that difference, by the way, was primarily in our Meals & Beverage business. And one of the tactics that is working extremely well for us right now, it's going to sound a little bit like a throwback to days gone by, but the whole meal solution platform in store is a really effective tool where we're helping people through the lens of value, how do you put together a simple meal for a low price. I think what we're seeing with consumers is this ever-growing desire to really stretch their dollar as you would expect. And so, trying to gear our marketing, especially on categories like soup or Prego, where we could -- even Pace for that matter, which had a really good quarter, up double digits and upward share. These are very effective in that context. So, it's a little bit of the mix of the spending that might make the A&C a little bit more stable. I do think as we go into Q4, you're going to see us continuing to invest. Remember, we've talked about this before that the goal in mind for marketing and selling is to get to kind of that 9% to 10% range for the company. In this quarter, we were at about 8.7%, so just under 9%. If you go back to the first quarter, we were just under 8%. So, we have been creeping that up. I think in Q4, we're going to try to do better. I'd like to see us getting pretty close to 10% in Q4, really with the thought in mind of fueling the momentum on Snacks and continuing to provide that good underpinning value equity message on our Meals & Beverage business. And so, although it shows a little bit on A&C down, it really wasn't a big number. And where we did focus a little bit more than where we would have been a year ago was more in store.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just shifting gears a little bit, going back to the Investor Day about a year-and-a-half ago, can you just update us on the $1 billion sauces plan? And maybe specifically, it looks like 15%-ish or so of that target was meant to come from premium brand extensions and M&A, a little bit of your kind of white space opportunities. Any progress there or anything we should be thinking about in terms of if those plans might have changed, or what's the latest?
Mark Clouse: So, I think that we still see sauce as a great kind of second punch, if you will, in the Meals & Beverage business, right? When you think about what the consumer dynamic is right now and where the muscle really is in center of store of the grocery, we feel this area around cooking and quick meals is really the sweet spot that we want to be in, where we think there's truly momentum, high consumer relevance and an opportunity to win. I love the brands we have. And I think that between Prego and Pace, we've got a great mainstream foundation that gives us a lot of runway. But it is fair to say that there's also a lot of growth that's happening in the more premium segments of some of these spaces. And so, I think in some combination of the brands that we already have in the portfolio while continuing to think about M&A, our balance sheet is in a great position. I mean nothing on the swing for the fence there, I'd say, a more tuck-in and strategically aligned M&A makes sense for us in our endeavor to continue to drive. So, I think our vision has not changed at all, and I feel like we're in a great spot. I mean, remember, we've got brands like Pacific and brands like Late July even on our Snacks business that we think also could play a contributing role. So, I think it's very consistent to what we said in Investor Day. We really see that sauces area is a great complement to a rejuvenated and sustainable soup business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks. First, a question on Snacks. That segment margin already at 16% this quarter was a strong step up. I wonder how you're thinking about that. Is that sustainable? You just mentioned that A&C that step down was more on the Meals & Beverage side. So, I'm wondering if you're sort of ahead of that journey on segment margin?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I would say for the Snacks margin, it was great to see this quarter. And it continues to kind of support what I would describe as the overall thesis of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition, where we imagined a world where we could take some really, really unique and differentiated brands, infuse our marketing and innovation muscle from Pepperidge Farm and drive those results. And in fact, if you look at those Snyder's-Lance brands from kind of four years ago pre-COVID to now Kettle and Cape are up 4 share points, [indiscernible] is up 3. Snack Factory, right, which is in the deli, our Pretzel Crisps business is up 5. Goldfish even on the Pepperidge side, up 1. And Lance sandwich crackers are up 6 points of share. So, an evidence of the thesis of what we can do with these brands, I really feel like we're demonstrating now exactly what that proposition was. I think, in fairness, what we've been waiting to see a little bit is the translation of all of the synergy that we've driven from the acquisition and the benefit of scale for Snyder's-Lance as the ability to step up our margins. And so, I think when you look at us year-to-date, where we're up about 150 basis points, that's probably a better indicator of how we're expecting the year to finish. And if you think about us being a little bit stuck at 13%, the last couple of years, although I'll just point out that, that was also in a period where there was a lot of external pressure at the same time. But to see us up over 14% on track for that for this year, I think is a great step forward. And again, I think as we look forward, we see that trajectory continuing and feel like in many ways, we're going to hit a run here where we're really able to live into that vision that we talked about at Investor Day and at the point of acquisition. So, I think a lot to believe in right now in Snacks and feeling quite good about the evidence, if you will, that we're putting on the board relative to what we believe was possible.
David Palmer: Thank you. That's helpful. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks about supply chain trying to make that a competitive advantage. I know you've had some change in leadership there. Could you just talk about sort of what that journey has been like? What that ultimately will mean for results heading into fiscal '24? And thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. It's a great question. In fairness, and I think we've been pretty open about this. If I turn back the clock two years, I would argue that probably our supply chain was probably average, if I was kind of being a bit optimistic in that view. I think the good news about that starting point was it did not give us the luxury of waiting through COVID in this kind of volatile environment to really attack the supply chain and making improvements. And so, we did that, had to do that really during that period. And I think what we found is that now, several years later, where it may have been a challenge or even a liability, it's now really emerged as a strength. Our service levels are operating at pre-COVID levels. And that is pretty unique in this environment right now and puts us really in a best-in-class position. And as you know all too well that when that supply chain is running efficiently, there's also additional opportunity as you think about driving productivity going forward. So, as we imagine the world in the future, we really do see supply chain as an opportunity to be a contributor and a proof point to why we think we can keep the momentum going. I would also just say that as you think about that in the world of Snacks in particular, I do see us as one of the unique businesses that has a truly credible self-help story on margin where we still have opportunity, I think, to create organically opportunity and outsized growth on the margin and earnings side to help fuel that momentum as we come out of this period and into the next chapter. Perhaps one of the reasons, to Andrew's first question today, why I feel very good about our ability to navigate through this environment. And why I think in many ways, albeit a lot to work through in the quarter, that the underlying elements that are in our business right now give us great conviction and confidence that we feel that we're advantaged and positioned well going into this next chapter.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning. Mark, I just wanted to take a step back and see how you would characterize the current consumer and operating backdrop. How are you thinking about elasticities going forward? Do you think that we're at a point where we're likely to see accelerating trade down? And then from a retailer perspective, do you anticipate more leading into price and private label?
Mark Clouse: So, I think first on the overall consumer perspective, I think the consumer has continued and proven to be. I think the word of the day is probably resilient. But I do find that as time goes on, there is no question that consumers are beginning to feel that pressure. Whether it's through the lens of what categories they're buying, what we're seeing relative to share of the grocery store and migration to things like shelf stable away from more expensive perimeter items. When they're buying, we've seen a migration to a greater amount of purchase at the beginning of the month, as you can imagine, people trying to stretch paychecks as long as they can. But I also think that, that in itself creates really the opportunity to both, as I said, focus on value within our messaging without necessarily having to chase pricing all the way down. No question that it's important that we protect affordability and that we make that relevant in the categories that we're in. But I also think there's a lot of ways to frame value in different ways, right? We gave the example earlier of the comparison of a meal cooked with condensed soup versus something that you may be buying in the frozen section or something that you're ordering from away from home, or even within our portfolio, focusing on different brands that may not always be the primary focus, but that can be highly relevant in the moment we're in as it relates to value. And then, I think a lot of what will determine success of the operating environment or customer relationships, a lot of this is going to be about who's bringing real solutions to customers that are helping address what the consumers need. And so, how we execute our marketing plans, how we're bringing innovation, how we're thinking about the timing and sequence of our promotions, all of those things will, I think, play very much into the environment we're in. And that's why also, I think, feeling like that the supply chain being in a strong position is going to be very, very important as I do think we're heading into a period where those that are able to execute well and outperform, if you will, competition, whether that be private label or other competitors, is going to be a real hallmark of those that are winning in the market that we're in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-03-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please, go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell Soup Company. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, President and Chief Executive Officer; Carrie Anderson, Chief Financial Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, President, Meals and Beverages. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide three of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On slide four, you'll see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our second quarter performance, as well as in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail, and Carrie will then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2023. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. As you read in our press release this morning, the momentum of our business continued as we delivered another strong quarter with double-digit growth across all key metrics: net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS compared to the prior year. These results continue to reflect the strength of our strategic actions over the last few years and consistent top-tier execution, despite significant market volatility. We have grown our portfolio of highly relevant iconic brands in key categories, with a strengthened supply chain, elevated marketing and investment, new capabilities and impactful innovation. We've delivered broad-based market share gains and positioned our business for sustained future growth. We have also successfully navigated the dynamic economic environment, using a variety of levers to mitigate inflation, including targeted pricing, cost savings initiatives and productivity improvements, and we've managed well below historical levels of elasticity as volume/mix declines remain modest. This challenging but critical algorithm of balancing growth, share, margins and volume has been a key focus of ours over the last several quarters and the second quarter is another key proof point of our continued successful execution of this plan. Our strong business fundamentals, together with the strength of the first half performance and the continued health of our brands, give us the confidence to raise our net sales guidance, as well as raise the midpoint of the adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance, we previously communicated for the 2023 fiscal year. This reflects continued momentum on top line, with greater confidence in our profit and earnings, despite some additional pressure from lower pension income. Now let's cover some specifics from Q2. Organic net sales increased 13%, supported by favorable inflation-driven net price realization and strong consumer demand for our brands. Total company dollar consumption grew 10% in the quarter versus the prior year and 20% versus three years ago. As we expected, the gap between net sales and consumption was driven primarily by continued recovery in our foodservice business, albeit at a lower rate than in Q1. Overall, we held dollar share versus the prior year and continued to make significant progress, particularly in the snacks business, as we are successfully reinvesting in our brands and continuing to strengthen our supply chain. This performance in snacks marks a significant step in our journey, as we continue to emerge, as a truly differentiated and best-in-class snacks portfolio. In Q2, we had the strongest share growth in both cookie cracker and salty snacks among all major branded players, even more impressive as we are among the very few who compete in both of these critical categories. Although benefiting from pricing, we also drove favorable volume mix. One additional important note is the snacks margin also improved, while increasing investment by 19% on marketing and selling. Turning to profit for the company. Adjusted EBIT increased 14%, driven primarily by top line growth and modest gross profit expansion, despite increased marketing and selling expenses versus prior year. Our teams continue to successfully navigate the inflationary environment, leveraging a number of different tools beyond pricing, such as driving operational efficiencies and productivity improvements. We're confident that over time, we have compelling initiatives and road maps to drive margins and deliver our longer-term goals. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.80, up 16%, reflecting strong EBIT flow-through. We did experience some limited pockets of volume declines in the quarter, specifically in our Meals & Beverages division and particularly in the last four weeks of the second quarter. These year-over-year declines were primarily due to lapping last year's significant Omicron surge and favorable year-ago winter storm impacts rather than increasing elasticities due to pricing. In fact, overall elasticities remain as we expected and are favorable to historical norms. However, as we said several quarters ago, we do not expect all brands and categories to react exactly the same. Therefore, we remain highly vigilant of price gaps on key brands and are closely monitoring elasticities. In places where we are experiencing higher impacts from competition or slower category trends, like condensed super broth, we're taking appropriate and pragmatic actions to continue to remain competitive and drive sustained profitable growth. Turning to our divisional results. Our Meals & Beverages portfolio remains well positioned in growing categories and consumers continue to seek out our brands, as they look for ways to stretch their food budgets and turn to value-driven meals that taste great and are easy to prepare. Organic net sales increased 11%, driven by favorable net price realization, partially offset by modest unfavorable volume and mix. In-market dollar consumption in our Meals & Beverages business grew 6% over the prior year and 17% compared to three years ago, reflecting the continued health of our portfolio. US soup business, which represents more than half of the wet soup category, grew dollar consumption by 4% in the second quarter despite increasing promotional pressure from private label. Our dollar share did decline by 0.6 points versus prior year as the category overall grew by 6%. We continue to feel great about the long-term health of the category and our ability to drive sustainable growth and share over time. In fact, we continue to grow share in key strategic areas of the portfolio in this quarter. Condensed icons, for example, tomato, chicken noodle, cream of mushroom, and cream of chicken, grew dollar share by one point versus prior year, driven by multipacks, which are resonating with consumers as they seek value. Also, condensed cooking SKUs overall are growing share as the cooking behavior and great recipe marketing is driving increased relevance as consumers feel continued pressure economically. A couple of great examples of this is our jacked-up Mac & Cheese recipe that features our cheddar cheese condensed cooking soup and our Easy One Pan Beef Roast with vegetables recipe, which features our French onion soup, both of which cost under $4 a serving. Chunky also continued to perform well, with share gains of 0.2 points. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter that Chunky has grown dollar share and has held or grown volume share. This success has been further fueled by the expansion of our new Spicy innovation platform. Spicy Chunky chicken noodle continues to perform very well and now we have three additional spicy SKUs on the Chunky roster, all of which are resonating exceptionally well with consumers. We also built significant buzz this winter with a limited time offering of Chunky Ghost Pepper, which we'll be returning nationwide for soup season this coming fall. Pacific Foods also had a very strong quarter, gaining share and momentum, particularly with millennials. Pacific is extremely well-positioned across a variety of categories as a premium organic and healthy brand with offerings in broth, ready-to-serve soups and beverages. In the quarter, consumption was up 17%, and the brand held or grew share in its segments for a total share gain of 0.3 points. In the quarter, Pacific was the fastest-growing branded wet soup product on a dollar basis in all of the measured channels in IRI. And in soup, Pacific continues to hold the number one share position in the organic category. We are never satisfied with any share loss on the business, but the share pressure we have experienced within condensed soup and broth with expectations and concentrated more in the tail of the condensed business versus on our strategic core. The team continues to remain very vigilant and we continue to ensure we remain competitive without undermining long-term profitability. The great news is we continue to see strength in the category and in the longer run, given our decisive leadership position, it bodes well for the future. In Italian sauces, dollar consumption grew 8%, while share declined slightly by 0.8 points. The Italian sauce category remains very relevant and continues to benefit from consumers seeking value and meals that the entire family loves and can easily be prepared at home. In Alfredo, we gained dollar share of 0.3 points versus prior year as service and availability improved. And finally, we saw the greatest incrementality in the last five years from our latest Prego innovation, which included spicy marinara, creamy tomato basil and other elevated flavor varieties. In Mexican sauces, Pace performed well with dollar consumption up 12% in the quarter and share gains of 0.3 points, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of share growth. Volume share rose for the fourth consecutive quarter, up 0.4 points, enabled by service improvements of 20 points versus prior year. Pace held or grew share across all segments of its portfolio, and we're excited about our innovation launches with this brand, particularly our Pace Ghost Pepper Habanero as we take advantage of the continued strength of Mexican meals prepared at home. Turning to snacks. The division had another excellent quarter as we continue to win versus the competition, supported by substantial brand building and recovery across our supply chain. Our strong top-line growth of 15% was driven by favorable net price realization, volume gains and continued growth of our power brands. In-market dollar consumption grew 20% in aggregate on all eight power brands, and seven of eight of those brands grew dollar share. All brands grew across dollars, volume and units, showing the power of our portfolio and the relevance of the consumer snacking behavior even in this current economic environment. Our snacks brands also had a very strong holiday season. Pepperidge Farm Cookies gained 0.7 points of dollar share driven by merchandising support, new packaging designs, limited time offers and the return of our fancy Santa Milano marketing activation. Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps gained 4.1 points of dollar share driven by the strength of the Bites innovation and our seasonal sweet and salty drizzlers. Our snacks division is demonstrating outstanding momentum with the last two quarters growing double-digits. Campbell snacks has also significantly stepped up share growth among branded players in the cookie cracker and salty snack categories. As you can see on slide 14, we are number one in both the cookie cracker and salty snack categories in terms of share growth in the second quarter. This continues to highlight how unique our snack brands are and why we see such a bright future for this portfolio. One of those brands, Goldfish, which is climbing to our goal of $1 billion in annual sales, continues to be the star of the snacks business. As one of the company's primary growth engines, the brand continues to perform extremely well with 21% consumption growth and share gains of 0.7 points. This was the second consecutive quarter of Goldfish being the largest driver of growth for the entire cracker category. And our strategy to expand our consumer target has been even more successful than expected with growth versus prior year in both buy rates and repeat rates among households without children about equal to households with children. We continued our track record of having top-performing new items in each of the last six quarters, where Goldfish has had limited time-only launches. The Goldfish LTO strategy that we put in place is working with consumers twice as likely to purchase LTOs alongside other Goldfish items. We're also driving strong momentum on innovation for our snack brands. We recently announced the new Kettle brand air fried potato chips. We're the first company to commercialize air frying as a manufacturing technique in snacking, enabling us to be first to market with an air fried chip. We've developed a patent-pending technology to kettle cook and air finish potato chips to deliver a light and crispy texture with 30% less fat than the original version. Initial customer and consumer reaction has been extremely positive. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance this quarter. With focused execution, strong end market results and strengthened supply chain capabilities, we are well positioned for continued growth, even in a dynamic consumer and economic environment of today. As we go forward and begin to cycle some of these unprecedented periods we've experienced, I've never been more confident in the strength and relevance of our brands, our ability to deliver best-in-class execution and the path for sustained, compelling and differentiated value creation. Before we review the financial results in more detail, I want to quickly comment on the announcement we made in January to consolidate our offices in Charlotte, North Carolina and Norwalk, Connecticut into our Camden headquarters. Closing these offices, although not an easy decision, is the right thing to do for our business and culture. Unifying the company in one headquarters will drive cost savings, while increasing our connectivity, collaboration and career opportunities for our people leading to even stronger performance. The cost savings will be reinvested in the business and are included in our plan to increase margins in the snacks division. I'm pleased to share that the snacks leadership team has committed to relocate to Camden. We hope that all our colleagues in Norwalk and Charlotte will join us in Camden, but we recognize that some will not. Finally, before turning it over to Mick, who will review our second quarter results in more detail, I want to introduce Carrie Anderson, our new Chief Financial Officer, who joins us on the call today and will review our outlook for the second half of the fiscal year. Carrie is a seasoned leader with a strong background in complex business models across a wide range of industries. She has experienced a multi-division operating models and has extensive experience in manufacturing and supply chain-driven industries, which are all very relevant to this role. I'm confident Carrie will be a fantastic partner and will build upon the momentum we've established, while continuing to drive our finance team to best-in-class capabilities and performance. She's definitely hit the ground running. I also want to thank Mick for his partnership and his role as CFO. Under his leadership, we've made significant progress in increasing the capabilities of the finance team and improving the company's financial performance. As the President of our Meals & Beverages division, Mick brings his strategic, financial and high commercial acumen to the role. I'm confident he'll continue to advance our growth agenda. With that, I'll turn it over to Mick.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our strong second quarter fiscal 2023 results, reflecting double-digit growth versus prior year across all three key metrics, net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. These results were consistent with our expectations and reflect inflation-driven pricing and supply chain productivity improvements to offset inflation pressures and increased marketing investments to support our brands. Second quarter organic net sales increased 13%. Top line growth this quarter was lifted by favorable net price realization, partially offset by a slight volume and mix headwind. Price elasticities remain well below historical levels, illustrating the underlying strength of our brands. Second quarter net sales outpaced 10% dollar consumption growth in measured channels, due in large part to the continued recovery of our foodservice business. Our ability to mitigate continued cost inflation through a combination of levers led to a slight increase of our adjusted gross profit margin. Simultaneously, we increased support of our brands. And despite higher adjusted other expenses as a percentage of net sales versus prior year, adjusted EBIT margin increased by 20 basis points to 14.6%. On a dollar basis, adjusted EBIT increased 14% versus prior year. Adjusted EPS increased by $0.11 or 16% versus prior year quarter. Our cash generation remains strong, with cash flow from operations of $732 million through the first half. In line with our commitment to return value to shareholders, year-to-date, we have returned over $290 million. Organic net sales increased 13%, driven by 14 points of favorable inflation-driven net price realization. This was partially offset by a 2-point volume and mix headwind, which reflects increased elasticities though, they remain well below historical levels. Turning to Slide 21. Our second quarter adjusted gross profit margin increased 30 basis points from 30.4% last year to 30.7% this year. Favorable net price realization drove 1,020 basis point benefit due to the impact of our pricing actions, which only partially offset the impact of inflation and other supply chain costs in the quarter. Inflation and higher other supply chain costs had a negative impact of 1,140 basis points with much of the impact driven by continued cost inflation. That said, our supply chain productivity program drove a 280 basis point benefit to our adjusted gross profit margin, partially offsetting these inflationary headwinds. Unfavorable volume mix had a negative impact of 130 basis points in the current quarter. The next page highlights the various initiatives we have deployed to mitigate core inflation, which on a rate basis, was approximately 14% in the second quarter versus 9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. Our actions include targeted pricing and trade optimization. For the second quarter, net pricing was 14% and reflected the impact of Wave 2 and 3 pricing. As we move into the second half, only Waves 3 and 4 will benefit our year-over-year comparisons with Wave 4 having a lesser impact than Wave 2. Wave 4 pricing, which relative to prior rounds was much more selective in nature, has been fully implemented and was in place beginning of the third quarter. In addition, we continue to deploy a range of other levers, including supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives as well as a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. For the second half of the fiscal year, we have the vast majority of our raw materials covered and continue to closely monitor the overall commodity markets. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses increased $20 million or 10% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This increase was largely driven by higher advertising and consumer promotion expense or A&C, which increased by 17% versus the moderated levels in the prior year, and higher selling expenses, partially offset by increased benefits from cost-saving initiatives. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented approximately 8.7% of net sales. Adjusted administrative expenses increased by $13 million or 9% to $157 million due to higher general administrative costs and inflation, higher benefit-related costs and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by lower expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims. As a percentage of net sales, adjusted administrative expenses were 6.3%, a 20 basis point decrease compared to last year. On Slide 24, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. Adjusted EBIT increased 14% in the quarter, primarily driven by the $92 million improvement in adjusted gross profit, despite marketing and selling expenses increasing $20 million versus the prior year. It was slightly lower as a percentage of net sales versus the prior year and therefore had positive impact to our adjusted EBIT margin of 20 basis points. Similarly, adjusted administrative and R&D expenses were $178 million, an increase of 8% over prior year and contributed 30 basis points to our adjusted EBIT margin. Adjusted other expenses of $6 million compared to adjusted other income of $9 million in the prior year had a negative adjusted EBIT margin impact of 60 basis points. This $15 million headwind is largely due to a reduction in pension and postretirement benefit income compared to prior year. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin increased 20 basis points to 14.6% in the quarter. The following chart breaks down our 16% increase in adjusted EPS growth between operating performance and below-the-line items, an $0.11 positive impact from higher adjusted EBIT was only slightly offset by a $0.01 impact of a higher adjusted effective tax rate as our net interest expense was relatively flat year-over-year. All in, adjusted EPS of $0.80 was 16% or $0.11 per share higher than prior year. Turning to the segments. In Meals & Beverages, we delivered another strong quarter with reported net sales growth of 10%. Organic net sales increased 11% versus the prior year, primarily due to increase in US retail products, including US soup, Prego pasta sauces and Pace Mexican sauces as well as gains in foodservice. Favorable net price realization was partially offset by modest volume and mix declines. Sales of US soup increased 7%, primarily due to sales increases in ready-to-serve soups and condensed soups. Within our Meals & Beverages division, second quarter operating earnings increased 17%, primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin increased slightly due to the impact of favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, partially offset by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs and unfavorable volume and mix. Overall, our second quarter operating margin in our Meals & Beverages division increased by 100 basis points year-over-year to 17.7%. Within snacks, net sales, both reported and organic increased 15%, driven by sales of power brands, which were up 20% and reflected favorable net price realization and volume increases, lapping significant supply constraints in the prior year. Segment sales growth was driven by increases in cookies and crackers, primarily Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies; and in salty snacks, primarily Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Kettle brand potato chips. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 24%, primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin increased due to favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, partially offset higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs. Overall, within our snacks division, second quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 90 basis points to 13.9%. I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2023 cash flow from operations decreased from $766 million in the prior year to $732 million, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Our year-to-date cash outflows from investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $155 million, which was an increase from $129 million in the previous year. We continue to forecast full year capital expenditures of $325 million for fiscal 2023. Our year-to-date cash outflows from financing activities were $525 million, including $226 million of dividends paid and $66 million of share repurchases. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $375 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $106 million remaining under our $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $158 million. As we close out my last quarter as CFO, I would like to thank everyone for the support throughout my tenure as CFO at Campbell. I look forward to working closely with Carrie in my new role. And with that, I'll hand it over to Carrie to talk through our updated full year guidance.
Carrie Anderson: Thank you, Mick, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to be a part of the Campbell's team, and I look forward to contributing to our future success. As Mick mentioned, I will review our fiscal 2023 outlook. Turning to slide 30, we have updated our guidance, reflecting our confidence in our full year plan. Net sales growth for fiscal 2023 is now expected to be in a range of plus 8.5% to plus 10%, up from our prior guidance of 7% to 9%. We have also raised the midpoint of our adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. We now expect adjusted EBIT growth of plus 4.5% to plus 6.5% and adjusted EPS growth of plus 3.5% to plus 5% compared to the prior year, resulting in fiscal 2023 adjusted EPS of $2.95 to $3. Our higher expectation for revenue reflects the strength of our brands with price elasticities remaining favorable to historical norms as well as stronger supply chain execution and sustained marketing investment to fuel demand and support innovation. As we think about the second half, our plans contemplate several evolving drivers from the first half. Specifically, we will begin to lap our most significant year-ago pricing. We have been successful in executing our Wave 4 pricing, but the net of this will result in lower overall growth rates than the first half. As it relates to profit and EPS, our revised guidance remains consistent with our prior plans. We will continue to navigate expected inflation with pricing, albeit lower incremental pricing levels in the second half as compared to the first half and with continued productivity. We will also continue to invest in our business to drive demand and profitably defend share. Additionally, in the second half, we'll see a headwind from lower pension income. Fiscal 2023 pension income is now expected to be lower by approximately $45 million or $0.12 per share compared to the prior year. This represents a headwind of approximately 3.5% to adjusted EBIT growth and approximately 4% to adjusted EPS growth for the full year, or an increase of 50 basis points or $10 million from previous estimates as a result of interim remeasurements. However, given the strength of our top line and the greater visibility and year-ago cost, we are confident in raising the midpoint of our adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance ranges. As we covered earlier, some of our inflation driven pricing actions in the second half of fiscal 2022 will now lap in the second half of fiscal 2023. With inflation still expected in the low teens for the full year, we are driving other margin enhancing initiatives in addition to price. We've already delivered $870 million of our multiyear cost savings program and remain on track to achieve $1 million by the end of fiscal 2025. For fiscal 2023, the total benefits of our cost savings initiatives and productivity improvements remain unchanged, with a slight update to the split of the two programs as you'll see on the slide. As we look to the second half of the fiscal year, with our brand momentum, strength in supply and continued competition, we will continue to invest in our brands, such as for the full year, we expect marketing and selling expenses to be near the low end of our targeted 9% to 10% of net sales. To summarize, we feel good about the momentum we've created thus far as well as our plans for the second half of the year, which translates into another raise in guidance for the full year. All-in, our second quarter was aligned with our expectations. And for the full year, we remain confident in our strategy, our compelling portfolio of leading brands, our strength in supply chain capabilities and our team's focused execution. I'd like to close by thanking our teams for a warm welcome. I'm excited to be part of Campbell's continued progress towards unlocking its full growth potential. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much and welcome, Carrie. So Mark, momentum in the business is clearly quite strong. My question is, with the magnitude of the upside in the quarter, why only raise the low end of the full year EBIT and EPS guidance by less than that? I guess, if you could walk us through some of the key puts and takes and more specifically, you mentioned some stepped up investment behind a few of the key events. Just trying to get a sense of how we think about this incremental spend. Is it spending back some of the upside to continue to strengthen the brand equities, or are you seeing something in the market or with consumer behavior that is requiring more investment? Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Andrew. Good morning too. So first, let me just start from the perspective of the full year. I don't know that we would see material difference in kind of how we view the full year. It is -- it continues to be an extremely strong year on the back of really the strength of the brands, which certainly continued through Q2 and the continued really strong execution, both whether that reflects the mitigating efforts of inflation and/or our supply chain, which really just continues to make great strides and really thrilled to see that. I also think that, as you think about the full year, though, we also now have some greater conviction to both the cost side. We have 93% of our cost basket essentially covered. And we now see the implementation of way for pricing. So that gives us a little bit more clarity or precision, if you will, in how we're managing or positioning the balance of the year. Arguably, there would have been some upside. I think we're giving a bit of that back in the incremental pension income headwind that Carrie just talked about. I do think if you just take a second and you look at that particular factor, that's now $45 million for the full year. It's about $0.12 of EPS and about 50bps of margin over the course of the year. So that's not insignificant for something that really has no relationship to the operational performance of the company. But nonetheless, that's providing a bit of that headwind or offset to where you might have expected to see some upside, but maybe easier to talk about it through the lens of Q2 in particular. So, when we look at Q2, thrilled with the performance, I will say, we came in about 100 basis points on margin better than we expected, and that was really delivered in three areas. The first was on productivity. We did more of what we would have expected for the full year savings we got in Q2, and that's great. I mean you're always happy to get the savings in the barn a little bit faster and supply chain, again, doing a great job, not ready yet to say for the year, I see upside on productivity, but certainly good to have that in the bank already. So I do expect that to be more of timing or phasing element. And then on investments, both from a promotion standpoint as well as marketing, we were a bit more efficient in the second quarter than we expected. And I guess, what I would say about that is, I'm not yet ready to say that, that is incremental opportunity for the year. I think with half the year to still play, having a little bit of flexibility as we think about the year is not a bad place to be. I feel great about where we are. I don't think there's anything that is radically different in the back half that we're adjusting spending to address. But I think in the current moment we're in, it's pragmatic to really try to manage this algorithm I talked about in my prepared remarks of making sure that the growth in demand is balanced with managing the margin. Again, let me be clear, this is not about chasing volume or chasing share in a non-profitable way, but it is about making sure that we're managing this business to remain healthy and sustain the performance going forward. And that means making sure that we get the right levels of investment in place. So nothing dramatically different, but arguably a little bit of favorability and timing in the second quarter that would move -- that would, in theory, move into the back half. Just a couple of maybe other qualifying elements on the first half, second half as I would imagine that could be a question as well. But if you remember, when we set this plan up, we always talked a bit about the dramatic difference first half to second half of the comps a year ago, where in the back half of last year, we had significant upside on EBIT growth, whereas in the first half, it was down versus a year ago. So that tougher comp is one element. Also less incremental pricing, although successful and getting Wave 4 in the net of all of that will be less incremental pricing, which will have an impact on the growth rates as we think about the second half and then, of course, overlay with it, the pension of 50 basis points and some of the incremental investment. And that's why you get a slightly different profile in the second half versus the first half. But the underlying fundamentals on the business and the structure of the business, very much in line with what we expected, arguably, a little better with a little more pension. But at the end of the day, we really feel terrific about where we are. This is kind of exactly where we would hope to be relative to how we're watching in market performance move. So I don't know if that's helpful, Andrew, but there is good lay of the land.
Andrew Lazar : It does. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. And Carrie, I look forward to working with you. Congratulations. Mark, you said you're taking actions to remain competitive in soup. Just quickly curious if it's as simple as promoting back more to combat private label if there's other relevance of that, too? And then my broader question, I do appreciate you had hopeful commentary about how condensed losses are largely overall. You're pleased with the performance. But I'm really curious for your broader point of view, given that you run a number of categories and see a lot of different things in the space. Can an argument be made in your opinion that this dynamic in which branded players deal back prices to narrow gaps, that, that's going to spread a little bit more across food at home ahead? I'm really just curious on whether you think this is kind of a canary in the coal mine or just a one-off in a single category that has an unusually strong store brand presence? Hope that makes sense.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I get it. So really, let me try to pull that apart into kind of the, I think, the two questions that you're really asking. So first, on soup, I would say, I think our approach has been probably more strategic than simply deal a few things back, or do you just try to manage price gaps. I think there's a more longer-term and strategic play on what we're doing with soup that might be helpful to kind of hear how we're thinking about it. But in essence, I think on soup right now, our strategy is really three things. The first one is to win -- kind of we describe it as winning the fights that matter most, right? So when you think about areas like our condensed icons, which I talked about, up a full share point, or winning on Chunky within the ready-to-serve soup area where Chunky was up 8% in the quarter, almost 0.5 a share point. Just as a sidebar, Chunky now has been up -- over the last three years is up 35% as a brand and has grown over 2.5 share points within the world of soup. And that is absolutely paramount to our strategy of really winning that lunchtime occasion with a superior product that Chunky is living into and doing it among younger consumers, which is, again, where Chunky has been incredibly successful. I think the third kind of strategic fight is on Pacific, right? We now have supply back in place. This, again, we see as a highly differentiated brand, a leader in organic in the soup category, and that business was up 17% and grew share by 0.3 point in the quarter. And so as I think of those three areas, those are really important competitive battles that we see critical to winning. And so far, we feel very good about how we're performing in those spaces. The second strategy is really around driving -- continuing to drive that long-term relevance of the category. And that's really reflected heavily in both the versatility and the value that's driven within soup. And so, cooking is a good proxy that we use for that. And the trends on cooking in home just continue to be incredibly powerful. Over 80% of meals are being prepared in home, that's about 400 basis points higher than it was in a pre-COVID world. I will say what's different than COVID now though is that the focus on those in-home meals revolve around both value and time to prepare. So the magic numbers on dinner are 20 minutes and the magic number on lunch is 10 minutes on speed, and that's where our categories really land well, as well as being a great value. And so, when I look at our cooking condensed business, right, as a subset where we're growing share and outperforming the category, that's exactly what we want to see, along with, of course, the strength in Chunky at lunchtime that I already talked about. So remember, at the end of the day, we're over half of this category. So if the health of the category remains robust, we're going to win in the long run, and that's exactly what we're trying to do in that second strategic area. And then the third area is really kind of holding the line on the balance, right? So these are not unimportant parts of our portfolio, but they definitely play a supporting role. And arguably, where we've had to make some trade-offs, has been in this area. Now, I just will say, when you describe it as being pleased, I don't know that I would describe myself as pleased. Look, any time we're losing share in the category, I'm not happy about that. And so, I do think, as we think about the balance of the year, we want to make sure we continue to get that algorithm right on the balance of our portfolio, not overspending, but making sure that we stay competitive. That's things like in the condensed world, sub-brands like Healthy Request or our Kids line or broth, right, more broadly. And so again, we're going to really focus on value, continue to support those businesses appropriately to really kind of keep this algorithm in track with where we want to be. So that totally gives you a little better lay of the land of where we are in soup and why we feel good about the areas we're focused on, while still being very vigilant on the areas that may not be as robust. I think to your bigger question of -- so therefore, do we imagine the beginning of more substantial shifts in the support on the business. I honestly think that when I look -- and I can't speak, obviously, always been dangerous speaking on behalf of the industry. But from a Campbell standpoint, I think what we're doing is we're being very pragmatic and thoughtful, right? This is about understanding the balance between ensuring that we don't erode profitability in our businesses that we're going to regret in the long term, while also recognizing that it's paramount that we remain competitive and driving value. And so, although, I do think some categories may require a different level of support to achieve that goal, at the end of the day, when I look at our profile as a business, I think it's very healthy, right? I mean this -- I'll hope that I get a question on snacks. I'd love to talk about that with this quarter. But that's a business that is just literally firing on all cylinders. And yes, there's a component of reinvestment that's happening, but it's happening in support of really accelerating growth across the board. So no, I don't think this is some harbinger of bad things to come. I really think, as I've said all along, right, if you go back three quarters, I talked about the fact that the balancing act here or the winners in this moment are going to be the ones that get this balancing act right, where you don't overspend and erode profitability, while you don't get too greedy and not invest properly in your brands. And that's really what we're trying to balance right now. And I think Q2 is a great proof point of us I think doing that in a pretty compelling way.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hi, good morning all. Thanks for taking the question. Mark, I guess maybe just two questions, one more appointed question on kind of the guidance and then I'll grant your wish on snacks. Just around the inflation guide for the year. I mean, I think you came in the first half at 16%. You're talking to low teens. So if you can just talk about, kind of how you see the cadence over the back half of the year on inflation? And then maybe just broader around snacks. You did spend a good portion of the prepared remarks talking about, both pricing and volume growth in the segment and particularly share gains in salty. Just if you can maybe speak to the sustainability of how you see that, particularly around salty snacks would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Carrie, why don't you take the inflation question and then I'll hit the snacks one.
Carrie Anderson: Sure. We do expect core inflation to moderate through the year and consistent with my prepared remarks talking about low teens for the full year. So you're right, the first half was about 16%. We did see some improvement as we were from Q1 to Q2 in a few categories that attenuated like flour, resins and meat and steel and even some of the transportation costs. As I think about the second half of the year, I would anticipate that, that will move in that 10% to 11% range on inflation. So for the year, again, you're talking about low teens.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So let me take the -- thank you for asking about snacks. Look, I think there's -- you sensed it in our remarks and certainly in my desire to want to talk about it. I do think Q2, in many ways, is a somewhat of a pivotal moment in kind of the validation of the strategy on snacking for us as a company. And that's why I'm as happy or as positive with it as I am. It was a quarter where essentially, we delivered every element that you'd want to deliver, right? So top line was up 15%, in-market consumption up 17%, our power brands were growing at 20%. Those partner brands that have been flagging [ph] us are down to less than I think mid-single digits in the company are in the category from when their high was at 10%. And margin grew at the same time, really driven by productivity and cost savings as much as pricing did a fairly good job of covering inflation. And that profile then resulted in us being the fastest-growing share player in cookie cracker and in salty among major branded players. And that's exactly where I think this portfolio should be, right? Growing top line. We also grew units and unit share on those businesses, and it was broad-based, right? This wasn't just one brand. If you go through the last couple of years, as we kind of got the ship right, we had some brands up, some down. It was never a period where you could really look across the portfolio and go, gosh, what can this thing do when everything is firing? And this quarter was a great example. And even as you roll into the more recent Nielsen and IRI data, you see that momentum just continuing to go forward. And it really is a combination of great marketing support, the right innovation and then a supply chain that's stepping up to meet that growing and expanding demand. And that's exactly what we want working. And again, each of the brands have kind of a unique story, but Goldfish, up 22% in the quarter, up over 30% over the last three years, growing share, almost now a $1 billion brand and driven by a really smart strategy of expanding the appeal of the product between both families with kids and families with out of kids. Our innovation is working extremely well. The limited time offer flavors has grabbed all the buzz that you'd want it to. And I think it's also maintaining a great value, right? When you think about the snacking world and kind of better-for-you snacking as you asked, right, Goldfish really does live in this unique permissible space of being a bit premium but also a bit better. And that's really a good description of our whole portfolio. And that's why I love it so much is because the differentiated nature of these brands, whether you're in salty or whether you're in bakery, just position us for the long-term, I think, in a really great way. And again, Kettle, cookies, Lance, even Late July, both of which have been brands that have been a little bit under the gun because of supply chain were up 19% and 27%, respectively. Lance grew almost three share points and Late July grew over four share points. So these are businesses that now we've got the firepower behind it. Snack factory, another kind of sleeping giant in the portfolio sitting in the deli growing 19% and grew four share points this quarter. I mean these are extraordinary numbers, and I'm hopeful that what it will begin to do is really solidify what we've been talking about, which is when we think about the world of snacking, we believe we've got an advantaged portfolio, and we're going to be an extremely formidable competitor as we go forward.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I was hoping two things.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi, there. Can you quantify how much foodservice helped the company in terms of the growth rate and also, specifically, the meals division? I used the Nielsen data here and your results today are much better than the Nielsen data, so good news there. And then secondly, on snacks, your slide that shows the market share gains versus year ago, last year, you had significant market share losses from supply chain issues. Can you give us -- can you quantify what your market share is in salty snacks, for example, on a two-year basis? Are you still below where you were two years ago? And maybe talk about what the upside there is and how you can chase after it?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great question, Rob. Let me take the first one first. So you're right, foodservice had another very strong quarter. It now represents about 10% of our Meals & Beverages business, and it was up 34%. So when you think about the five-point delta of net sales being up 11% and consumption being up 6%, there's a good chunk -- actually, majority of that is coming from foodservice. Although, I will say, also in that number, is some very strong performance from Canada. Canada has been a business that in the world of supply chain was suffering a bit with foodservice as we were prioritizing different parts of the business. Now that we're back into full supply, you see a much healthier Canadian business. That team has done an extraordinary job navigating a difficult market, but really bringing back the brands and growing the business. In fact, Canada was up 16% in the quarter. And that's not insignificant either. That's probably just under -- between 7% or 8% of the Meals & Beverages business. So yet another contributor to that difference between 11% and 6%. So it is great. And look, those are trends, as we've said, we would expect to continue to be tailwinds probably or will not be at the magnitude that we've seen in the last couple of quarters but continuing to be a positive influence. Here's an interesting little tidbit on soup as well. As you might imagine, a big part of our foodservice business is soup. And it's interesting as we start to look at the entire world of soup. But if you look at our underlying growth on soup in the second quarter, it would have added two points of growth to the total franchise of soup based on the performance of foodservice. So those are all good I think, supporting elements within our Meals & Beverage business. And like I said, I think those are things that will continue to help us as we move forward. As far as the snacks trends, what I would tell you, Rob, is it's a bit of a mixed bag, right? So there -- you're absolutely right. There were places where we were struggling a year ago on certain parts of the business and market share primarily as it related to supply chain. So certainly, late July, Lance, there were a few other places, but we've come back at an equitable level of strength. I think what we'll do is I can give you the blow by blow by brand but we'll do that -- we can do that after the call. But I think the net of it is, if you take where we are holistically from where we started the journey, we feel really good about the share gains -- cumulative share gains that we've had over time. So although, yes, we would expect strong rebound. But I will say in snacking, part of what you always worry about is it's such a dynamic aisle. And with DSD, if you're not there, someone else is. And so when you come back into the section, I think we all hold our breath a little bit to make sure that the consumers immediately come back. And the great news is on those two brands in particular, they absolutely came back. And that just, again, I think, gives you a little confidence in it. So I think the net of all of it is, yes, certainly, a tailwind on supply chain. But overall, trends on the business and the strength of what we're seeing from a marketing and innovation side are giving us more confidence of this being more sustainable over time. I mean, I'm not telling you that we're going to see 15% growth in the perpetuity, but I do think that ability to grow above the category, which is really what we aspire to do, I continue to feel more confident than ever that we can do that.
Robert Moskow : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line…
Rebecca Gardy: Sorry. I think we're out of time right now, really appreciate everyone's questions and participation on the call.
Mark Clouse: Yep. Thanks, everybody. We'll talk to many of you later. If you have questions, please follow-up. But thank you.
Rebecca Gardy: Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-12-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's first quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell Soup Company. I am joined today by Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief Financial Officer and President of Meals & Beverages. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude our prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will be making forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his perspective on our first quarter results as well as in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2023. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. I hope you had a happy Thanksgiving and filled up on Green Bean casserole, Pepperidge Farm stuffing and plenty of our delicious snacks and cookies. As you read in our press release this morning, our fiscal year is off to a fast start. Our strong year-over-year performance across all three key metrics reflects the continued strength of our portfolio and our successful efforts to substantially mitigate significant inflation through a combination of pricing and productivity improvements. I am also encouraged that we delivered those results while increasing investments in our brands and ensuring we remain a good value to consumers in this difficult economic time. We also made significant progress on market share versus the fourth quarter, growing or holding share in most of our categories year-over-year. We are very pleased that the combination of stronger supply, accelerating innovation and appropriate investment is translating into strong profitable share growth as we had planned. Overall, Campbell's portfolio continues to demonstrate compelling consumer relevance and is well positioned for the current economic environment. We recognize it's still early in our fiscal year, and the environment does remain challenging. But given the strength of the first quarter performance, the health of our brands and our consistent execution, we've increased our guidance to reflect our current outlook. Mick will provide more details on the drivers shortly. But this quarter's results and the full year outlook demonstrate the significant progress we've made across our brands, supply chain, culture and capabilities. Although there remains more to do on the business as we continue unlocking our full growth potential, this quarter's results represent a positive milestone in our journey. Organic net sales increased 15% to $2.6 billion due to both inflation-driven pricing and strong consumer demand. While we did see some volume declines, it was partially mitigated by expected retail inventory recovery and a strong rebound in unmeasured channels, especially food service. Dollar consumption was up 10% in the quarter versus the prior year and 21% versus three years ago. As expected, we shipped ahead of consumption in the quarter as our supply chain execution and service levels continue to improve, and retailers rebuild inventory levels. The improved supply also allowed us to significantly increase our marketing investment in both divisions as planned. Turning to adjusted EBIT. Higher adjusted gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses and higher adjusted other expenses, resulted in a 15% increase in adjusted EBIT. The team has done an excellent job navigating inflation, leveraging a good balance of different tools. I also can see that our agility has improved in reacting to the volatile environment. As an example, we recently announced a very targeted Wave 4 pricing action on products where our input costs have gone up further. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.02 also up 15% as the flow-through of adjusted EBIT and lower weighted average diluted shares were partially offset by higher adjusted taxes. I'm thrilled with our progress on dollar share. We grew our held share in most categories year-over-year and also grew share versus the prior quarter. In fact, 10 out of 15 of our key brands grew share in the quarter. Some of which responded faster and more significantly than expected as inventory and support were added. Even in categories where we experienced modest share declines such as soup and pretzels, our share performance improved sequentially as planned. There is no question that the focus of our portfolio from a category and geographic perspective is a distinct advantage right now and is enabling us to effectively deploy investment and drive consistently strong execution. Let's look at our divisions. Starting with Meals & Beverages, which delivered a strong first quarter with reported and organic net sales growth of 15%. In-market performance continues to show the underlying health of our portfolio with dollar consumption growing 8% over the prior year and up 17% versus three years ago. The recovery in our supply chain resulted in materially improved service levels, up over 18 points versus the prior year, enabling retailers to replenish inventory in the quarter and be well positioned on supply heading into the critical holiday season. We also saw a marked recovery in our foodservice business as supply has also improved in this important channel. Turning to Slide 10. Our strong dollar consumption growth was across most of our Meals & Beverages portfolio as we are well positioned within growing categories. The growth of our brands in key segments, namely ready-to-serve or RTS soups, Italian sauces, Mexican sauces and select segments in our condensed soup well outpaced the growth of their respective categories. Turning to Slide 11. Our consumer insights show that consumers continue to cut back on out-of-home eating and are migrating from more expensive grocery categories as they seek ways to ease the impact of inflation. Consumers are making changes to stretch their budget and following several years of becoming more confident and comfortable with cooking, they continue to turn to our categories and importantly, our brands as evidenced by the continued growth of our Meals & Beverages business. With consumers preparing about 80% of meals from home, our brands are well positioned for sustained growth, delivering consumers the quality, value and convenience they seek for simple at-home meals and quick-scratch cooking. For example, our Spaghetti Carbonara recipe is a top performer year-over-year as it easily and economically feeds a family for about $1.53 a serving. Turning to Slide 12. U.S. soup net sales grew 11% over the prior year, with gains in ready-to-serve, condensed and broth. We continue to see a favorable net pricing benefit with dollar consumption up 5%, partially offset by pricing-related volume declines. Elasticities remain below historical levels. And while our total dollar share of U.S. soup declined, it was by less than one point. We had positive dollar share growth in the quarter in key strategic segments, partially offset by competitive share losses to private label in total condensed and broth as expected. We continue to focus on price gaps and are adding equity support with meaningful innovation to maintain the strength of the category and our brands over the long run. Chunky continued its positive momentum with dollar share up 1.6 points in the quarter coming from strong base velocities as we further recovered on shelf, and 13% dollar consumption growth versus the prior year. This was the fifth consecutive quarter Chunky held or gained volume share, reflecting the powerful combination of a strong base business, highly relevant innovation and increased investment in compelling advertising. Versus three years ago, Chunky grew dollar consumption by 26%. Our chunky digital and social activations are seeing notable year-over-year increases in engagement and our Lunchtime is your Halftime campaign is resonating, particularly with younger consumers as we expand our reach through our NFL partnership and gaming via EA Madden. Closing out the slide, Pacific has returned to growth as a result of restored supply and innovation with dollar consumption of Pacific RTS soup up 21% versus prior year and share grew by 0.4 points in the quarter. Pacific's growth is outpacing organic sub-segments in the quarter, and the launch of RTS cans is the leading contributor to the growth with millennial buyers, up 16% versus prior year. Turning to the next slide and our progress on building a $1 billion sauce business, Prego continues to solidify our position as the branded dollar share leader in the Italian sauce category. Growth in the quarter was driven by both pricing and higher volume, reflecting improved service versus a year ago. The brand had strong in-market dollar consumption of plus 21% and share growth of 1.1 points versus prior year. Pace also performed well with dollar share gains of 0.4 points, marking the third consecutive quarter of dollar share growth and increased dollar consumption of 16%. Turning to snacks. We had an impressive quarter as our brands rapidly responded to the recovery of supply and increased investment with accelerated top line growth and share improvement. The strong 15% top line growth, which was fueled by our power brands, reflected pricing actions offset by slight pricing-related volume declines. Sales growth exceeded dollar consumption of 13% versus prior year due to the replenishment of retailer inventory, which have been depleted in the prior year due to supply challenges. As you'll see on the next slide, in-market dollar consumption in our power brands was up 15%, with six of eight brands growing double digits. On a three-year basis, dollar consumption was up 28%, with all eight power brands growing double digits and four of our five salty power brands growing over 30%. This also supports the historical learning that consumer snacking behavior is very resilient and relevant in tough economic environments. Overall, six of our eight power brands grew dollar share in the first quarter, including Cape Cod, Snack Factory and Lance, each of which grew share by over one point. As we have recovered from significant supply constraints that began in the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we began to see sequential dollar share improvement quarter-to-quarter. Specifically, over the last four quarters, Goldfish gained 0.6 points, Snyder's of Hanover gained 3.5 points, Lance is up 4.8 points and Pepperidge Farm cookies were up 0.4 points. Our snack brands are also highly differentiated against competition with positive velocity trends. In fact, on Slide 16, you'll see that our brands are growing faster than their respective categories. And five out of seven power brand categories, including crackers, kettle chips, deli snacks, organic tortilla chips and sandwich crackers. Consumers continue to show their love for Goldfish and respond to the steps we've taken to broaden the appeal of this iconic brand. This is a remarkable growth story for one of our most important brands. We continue to deliver against our strategy to expand our consumer base with robust and relevant innovation and effective marketing that engages the entire family, not just younger kids. In fact, for the third time in a row, Goldfish crackers were teens most preferred snack brand according to Piper Sandler's Fall 2022, Taking Stock With Teens survey. Our Goldfish Dunkin' Pumpkin Spice crackers were the top turning new cracker item and leading pumpkin spice stacking item during the quarter. We've continued this momentum with a new partnership with Disney Marvel and our limited edition Black Panther Wakanda Forever Goldfish, which hit the store shelves last month. And keep an eye out for the limited return of Goldfish Frank's RedHot Crackers in the coming months. We also continued to win in salty snacks with dollar consumption and dollar share gains in Kettle Chips, Cape Cod, Snack Factory and Late July. Our Snack Factory Pretzel Chris and Snyder's of Hanover will have new holiday activations inspiring new occasions and elevating every holiday snack trade. And finally, I want to highlight Pepperidge Farm cookies. The holidays are their Super Bowl and with supply back, we're able to return to full speed through the holidays. We've introduced new packaging designs across the portfolio from Milano to Chessman and brought back holiday favorites like Linzer cookies. We also have new limited edition Milano Hazelnut Hot Cocoa, and with the return of the Milano Fancy Santa activation, we hope to do our share in making the holidays a little more special. In closing, I'm really pleased with our strong year-over-year performance and the fast start to the year. This is perhaps one of the most complete quarters we've delivered. We continue to build momentum and confidence with a powerful portfolio of brands in both divisions and the continued strength of our supply chain execution. We're recovering on share and driving growth in key categories. And with our portfolio focus, we are well positioned for the current consumer and economic environment. Our innovation is resonating with consumers, driving more engagement, especially among younger households and there's more to come. It's important to remember that there's still much to do on our business, and the environment does remain challenging. But being able to face those challenges off a stronger and more stable foundation is very encouraging and bodes well for the future. Before turning it over to Mick, I wanted to comment on our recent management changes. As we announced in November, Mick has been appointed President, Meals & Beverages; and Chris Foley is now President of Snacks. Mick will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer until a successor to this role is in place. The search is going very well, and I look forward to updating you in the future. Both Mick and Chris have played a significant role in Campbell's transformation over the last several years by enhancing our culture and improving our business performance. I'm confident that they are the right leaders to continue to build our momentum and unlock our full growth potential. In closing, I'd like to thank all of the Campbell's team for their hard work and wish all of them and you happy holidays. With that, over to Mick.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased by the strong results we delivered in the first quarter with 15% growth across all three key metrics: net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Top line growth was due to inflation-driven pricing, sustained brand health and improved supply chain execution, partially offset by modest volume declines. First quarter net sales growth of 15% outpaced consumption growth due in part to retailer inventory rebuild as well as the strong recovery in our foodservice business. Strong sales growth, a relatively flat gross profit margin as cost inflation and unfavorable volume and mix were mostly mitigated by pricing and productivity improvements combined with continued support of our brands and expected lower pension income resulted in a 15% increase in adjusted EBIT. On a margin basis, adjusted EBIT was comparable to the prior year at 17.4%. Adjusted EPS increased 15% to $1.02 per share, driven primarily by the increase in adjusted EBIT and partially offset by a higher adjusted effective tax rate. Our cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $227 million, which allowed us to continue to invest in the business while we returned over $150 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With Q1 results ahead of expectations and our strong confidence in the health and momentum of our brands and improved supply chain, we feel it's appropriate to raise our guidance. That said, let's first discuss our first quarter results versus prior year in more detail. Net sales in the quarter, both reported and organic, increased 15%, driven by 16 points of inflation-driven pricing, this was partially offset by a one point volume and mix headwind. Promotional spending in the quarter was down 1% in Meals & Beverages and up 1% in snacks and thus, overall comparable to the prior year. As an aside, going forward, we will combine the impact of promotional spending with the impact of pricing in our quarterly earnings materials. Turning to Slide 22. Our first quarter adjusted gross profit margin decreased 30 basis points from 32.5% to 32.2%. Inflation and higher other supply chain costs had a negative impact of 1,260 basis points with the majority of the impact driven by continued cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased by approximately 18%, which were slightly higher than the fourth quarter of fiscal '22. Additionally, unfavorable volume and mix had a negative impact of 150 basis points in the quarter. These factors were mostly mitigated by a higher net realized price, which drove an 1,140 basis point improvement, reflecting the impact of our inflation-driven pricing actions. In addition, our ongoing supply chain productivity and cost savings programs contributed 240 basis points to the adjusted gross profit margin. In the first quarter, we continued our efforts to mitigate inflation highlighted on the next page. Through a combination of targeted price increases and trade optimization as well as supply chain productivity improvements, cost savings initiatives and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. As discussed during our previous earnings call, we expect cost inflation to continue throughout fiscal 2023. To mitigate the expected inflation, we are currently implementing selective additional pricing in both divisions, which should become effective in the second half of our fiscal year. We continue to focus on all other areas of inflation mitigation while we diligently protect the important value proposition for consumers. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses increased 18% or $31 million and represented approximately 7.8% of net sales versus 7.6% in the prior year. The primary drivers of higher marketing and selling expenses were higher advertising and consumer promotion expense or A&C, which increased by 31% versus the moderated levels in the prior year and higher selling expenses, partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives. Administrative expenses on an adjusted basis increased 1% to $155 million due to higher general administrative costs and inflation, partially offset by lower expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims. As a percentage of net sales, adjusted administrative expenses were 6%, a 90 basis point decrease compared to last year. On Slide 25, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT increased 15% in the quarter, primarily due to a 14% or $102 million improvement in adjusted gross profit. While the increase in adjusted gross profit benefited adjusted EBIT, it was lower as a percentage of net sales, resulting in a 30 basis point decrease of our adjusted gross profit margin and a corresponding decrease of our adjusted EBIT margin. Marketing and selling expenses increased $31 million versus the prior year and had a negative impact on our adjusted EBIT margin of 20 basis points. Adjusted administrative and R&D expenses were $176 million, a 1% increase over prior year. This increase resulted in a 100 basis point contribution to the adjusted EBIT margin as these expenses were lower as a percentage of net sales versus prior year. Adjusted other expenses of $3 million compared to adjusted other income of $7 million in the prior year and a negative adjusted EBIT margin impact of 40 basis points. This headwind is largely due to a reduction in pension and postretirement benefit income compared to prior year. Our adjusted EBIT margin was in line with prior year at 17.4%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between operating performance and below the line items. Higher adjusted EBIT impact of $0.16 was partially offset by a $0.04 headwind of higher adjusted taxes. Earnings per share also benefited from a reduction of the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. All in, adjusted EPS increased year-over-year by 15% to $1.02. Turning to Slide 27. Our Meals & Beverages division delivered a strong quarter with both reported and organic net sales increasing 15% versus prior year primarily due to increases in U.S. retail products, including soup and Prego pasta sauces as well as gains in our foodservice business. Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances and lower levels of promotional spending were partially offset by volume declines. Sales of U.S. soup increased 11% due to sales increases in ready-to-serve soups, condensed soups and broth. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 18%. The increase was primarily driven by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Overall, within our Meals & Beverages division, first quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 60 basis points to 22.7%. On Slide 28, reported and organic net sales in our Snacks division increased 15%, driven by sales of Power Brands, which were up 21% and sales growth was driven by increases in cookies and crackers, primarily Goldfish crackers and in salty snacks, primarily in Snyder's of Hanover pretzels and both Kettle brand and Cape Cod Potato Chips. Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by volume declines and increased promotional spending relative to moderated levels in the prior year quarter. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 20%, primarily due to higher gross profit and lower administrative expenses, partly offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Overall, within our Snacks division, first quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 50 basis points to 13.7%. And I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2023 cash flow from operations decreased 21% year-over-year to $227 million, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Cash outflows from investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $77 million, which was an increase from $69 million in the previous year. Cash outflows from financing activities were $127 million, including $115 million of dividends paid and $41 million of share repurchases. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $375 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $131 million remaining on our $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $130 million. Before I turn to guidance, I wanted to touch on a few additional items. First, at the end of September, S&P Global upgraded our credit rating to BBB with a stable outlook. Secondly, on November 15, we raised a delayed draw term loan totaling up to $500 million. We plan to use the proceeds of the loan to refinance our existing $566 million notes maturing in March 2023. And lastly, on November 21, we entered into a 12-year renewable power purchase agreement with Enel North America to support our goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Improving the sustainability of the agriculture and food value chain is important to Campbell, and this agreement is a substantial step forward in meeting our science-based emissions reduction target. With that, let's turn to Slide 30. As previously mentioned, we are raising our financial guidance for the year given the strength of our first quarter performance, the health of our brands and our consistent execution. For the full year, we now expect net sales both organic and reported to be plus 7% to plus 9%, adjusted EBIT of plus 2.5% to plus 6.5% and adjusted EPS of plus 2% to plus 5%. First, the fiscal 2022 results, resulting in fiscal 2023 adjusted EPS of $2.90 to $3. Lastly, as we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our guidance reflects an approximate 3% headwind to adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS from lower pension and post retirement income. All in, we're off to a great start to fiscal 2023 and are confident in our strategy and execution. As Mark mentioned, while we expect the environment to remain dynamic, our brand momentum remains strong as both supply and investment returned to pre-pandemic levels. I'd like to close by thanking all our teams for their commitment and wishing everyone a wonderful holiday season. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: To start off, I guess, last quarter, I think, Mark, you mentioned that you expected sequential improvement in gross margins as the year progressed. Given how much better gross margins came in, in 1Q, I'm trying to get a sense of if that's still the case; and if so, if that would mean your full year gross margins could be better than the flattish outlook that you gave last quarter? So, I'm basically trying to get a sense of just sort of the cadence over the next couple of quarters in terms of the margin profile? And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Mark Clouse: Yes, that's -- yes. No, I got -- great question, Andrew. I guess maybe let me start with a little bit of what was better in Q1 than perhaps we had expected. I think it really does begin with top line. We were stronger performance on the top line, really driven by two things. I think the first was better in market, lower elasticity than we had expected paired with the marketing effectiveness. I'm always a little bit tough to tease those two things out. But at the end of the day, that in-market performance share recovery was stronger and faster than we had expected. I think the second area is we continue to execute really well on the supply chain. And the recovery in supply was fast enough that it allowed us to accelerate availability both for that inventory that we had planned. But also you saw places like unmeasured channels growing even faster than we had anticipated. In particular, foodservice was very, very strong. And as you drop that down into margin and you say, okay, top line better, how to -- what was different in the margin. As you know, when you get that top line going, there's a lot of positive effects throughout the P&L. And I do think, consistent with that, we saw greater efficiency. And again, I do think the execution across the Company has been very strong as well, whether it was the execution of pricing or Wave 3, whether it was our supply chain. I think, the combination of those elements were all very positive, and it did result in a better top line and a better margin than we had initially expected. I do think as you look out then across the balance of the year, what we would continue to expect, I'm not making a broad balance of the year move in our elasticity assumptions. In fact, you would have heard Mick talk a little bit in his comments about some pockets of increases in inflation that are resulting in a Wave 4, although very targeted, still a bit more pricing that we're in the midst of executing right now. And so balancing that ongoing view of consumer resilience, I think we're being pragmatic and not necessarily carrying that elasticity favorability through the year. I think then if you start to say, okay, well, how does that kind of play out across the year. As you think about the next quarter, I think the two things you'll see that are going to be a little different than Q1 and is you won't have the inventory recovery opportunity, and you probably will see a little bit of modest increase in promotional spend and the continued kind of investment in the year, and that might be a little different than what you saw in Q1. And then, of course, as you get to the back half of the year, you're beginning to lap the significant pricing from a year ago as well as some tougher comps to get through. I think the net of this I just would say is that we are in Q1. This does remain a pretty volatile environment. I think we've tried to be appropriately pragmatic and looking at the balance of the year. But if you take our guidance versus where we were, it does imply, and I think a little bit of this is the way for pricing and inflation dynamic. If you take the midpoint of the two guidance ranges, we're about 20 bps actually lower in margin assumption for the year. And that is a little bit of reflective of the dynamics that I just explained. But like I said, it's very early in the year. And I think we -- the good news is we feel great about starting really on our front foot and the things that we can control, we really saw positive performance across those variables in the Q1. And that certainly does give us greater confidence heading into the balance of the year based on where we are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: We've seen some of your competitors in soup and broth be maybe a bit more aggressive with pricing on shelf lately. I'm just curious, is there anything you're seeing that's surprising in terms of competitive levels in these categories? And as we head into 2Q, are you hearing anything or seeing anything that would suggest that as you get more promotional as well, which you mentioned, that maybe your competitors will do the same or step it up even more.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I would say, first off, just to kind of make sure I appropriately caveat this. Everything that we're doing as it relates to an investment side, especially on the promotional side, would be very responsive to the marketplace, very modest in the sense of it being quite normal and just kind of how supply has recovered. This is not a overly aggressive stance or one that we're trying necessarily to distort a position as it relates to share or market because we don't really need it. I think the -- the reality is that the combination of the marketing, innovation and what we're doing on the brands have been very effective. And again, with my druthers, I'd rather be supporting the equity side. But at the end of the day, it's important that we stay very vigilant on the price gaps. And so everything that we're doing is really about watching where those price gaps are and how we feel about the value proposition. I think what's been really impressive across our portfolio is that although we're watching and seeing consumers change behavior in how they're purchasing and which categories they're migrating into this has been very, very helpful in the sense of getting the relevancy of our brands continuing to remain quite high. And so I think as we look forward, I'm not seeing anything that would suggest that our pricing would be overly aggressive or necessarily conservative. And I think that's the way we want to be, and that's where we want to be balanced. I think you mentioned soup obviously, in places where we're seeing more private label pressure. We want to make sure that we're especially vigilant there in keeping those price gaps reasonable. And I think we're -- right now, we're exactly where we expected to be on the soup business, actually a little bit better as we continue to see just tremendous momentum on our ready-to-serve side with both Chunky and the introduction of Pacific Can ready-to-serve soup has done very, very well. So probably a little bit ahead there, but on the condensed and broth side, very much in line with our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Mark, I was actually kind of hoping to circle back on the guidance a little bit. Are you largely caught up now on the shipment inventory replenishment? Should we kind of expect a shipment relative to consumption to be a lot closer, obviously, versus, I think, the 700 basis point spread that you saw in meals in the first quarter? And then I just have a quick follow-up.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think we're pretty caught up. If we think about what we expected, as I said, I think if you remember, we talked a little bit about the unmeasured channels and a little bit of lagging there. I do feel really good. And again, you see that in the 500 basis point delta between our net sales and our consumption that really does reflect some of the -- both the inventory recovery in retail, but also those unmeasured channels recovering. And I think as I look forward, I would expect us to be closer and much more in line between consumption and sales as we go forward.
Peter Galbo: Got it. That's helpful. And then just back on Andrew's question around the gross margin. I think you said the implied math is that your margins are 20 basis points lower maybe than the flattish from before. A) I just want to make sure that, that was what you said and B) that was a gross margin comment, not an operating margin comment.
Mark Clouse:
?:
Mick Beekhuizen: To your question, when you look at the 20 basis points of reference, that's really the change versus the previous guidance.
Mark Clouse: Yes, not versus a year ago.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, not versus a year ago. So you do see -- I mean, as we already described last time around, there was a little bit of that margin pressure year-over-year in the mid-level of our guidance range and you basically have a little bit more of that reflected in the updated guidance.
Mark Clouse: These are significant numbers, but yes, some pressure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: A couple of quick questions. First, can you remind us how big foodservice is as a percentage of sales in your Meals & Beverages division and give us a little more color on how robust the growth was this quarter?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, mid -- Jason, I'd say mid-single digits as a percentage of overall net sales for the enterprise.
Mark Clouse: And it was up about 40.
Mick Beekhuizen: 45% or so.
Mark Clouse: Yes, 45%.
Mick Beekhuizen: Significant. And I think if you kind of -- right now, in Q1, it was in and around 6% of the overall enterprise.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think one of the things to keep in mind on that number, Jason, is it was one of the harder hit when we were rationalizing supply a year ago. It was perhaps one of the places that felt that the most significantly. So although I would say we are seeing increase in demand. The biggest driver of that recovery is really the recovery of supply.
Jason English: Got it. That's helpful. In context of that, you said we should expect consumption sales to be tracking reasonably close. With that type of robust growth, shouldn't we actually expect your reported results to be outstripping what we see in measured retail sales data going forward?
Mark Clouse: Yes, I do think there'll be some delta there. But as it relates to retail in particular, I think those two things will be close. I do think your overall net sales will get a little bit of bump as foodservice and some of the other unmeasured channels recover. However, I don't think you'll see this kind of difference because we -- as we did start to stabilize supply you see kind of a steady recovery. So although I agree with you, some delta, not as significant as this quarter.
Jason English: Got it. Make sense. And one more, if I can, on inflation. Most companies are seeing the level of year-on-year inflation. If not stabilized, generally begin to moderate, you're going the other way with the acceleration here quarter-on-quarter. What is driving that?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Mick, why don't you cover that? Yes, three areas really.
Mick Beekhuizen: So Jason, when you think about our overall inflation for the year, we're seeing a very similar dynamic what you're describing, right? Just it is low teens inflation year-over-year for the full year. However, I mean, basically, that Q1 number was as expected, the 18%. Because as you might recall, when we spoke about kind of our outlook for the full year, we're expecting double-digit inflation in the first half, but then we cut over into the new calendar year and certain contracts reset. And of course, then you start to comp also higher inflation levels from this past year. And then in the second half of the year as a result we expect more in the, call it, high single-digit type of inflation. So it's really, call it, a little bit of first half versus second half story. First half still continued double-digit inflation you saw in Q1. However, then in the second half, you start to see that installation is starting to moderate; however, still inflationary.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And I think the places where we saw deltas are really in the protein, resin areas and a little bit of this at times like, for example, in steel, we might have expected a little bit faster walked out in prices that may not have materialized at the same level. And so part of what we're reacting to is a little bit of the change in outlook for the cost relative to what we talked about for Wave 4 pricing. And again, it's a very targeted pricing action in particular to certain areas where you may have experienced some of that pressure.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. And the dynamic that Mark is describing between on the one enterprising, but also a little bit additional pressure on that inflation around whether it's steel and protein that's really a second half dynamic.
Jason English: All really helpful. Congrats on the good start to the year. I'll pass it on.
Mark Clouse: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: My first question was just in relation to the wave of pricing you've taken. Have you said how much that is? And I thought it I'd be just good to hear how those conversations are going with retailers? As we near the end of this incremental inflation, is there any change in the tenor, if you will, in those discussions with retailers?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So it is a much more targeted action probably low single digits overall. I would say that as we've navigated through this last couple of years of elevated inflation, the level of transparency and almost the mechanical nature of understanding the validity of pricing actions has become a muscle that has really been built well, I think, on both sides of the table. So, it's really much more about the dialogue of where our costs, what -- how do those reflect what we're suggesting on price. So, I do think we are in a moment now where this is more the tail end and thus then ensuring that everything that we're doing is really clear and transparent, rationalized by the costs that we're dealing with. But I think when that happens, it's relatively constructive and the conversations kind of move forward, I would say, in a very almost mechanical way. I do think that the sensitivity around ensuring that we're doing everything possible to support the brands and the categories we're in, maintaining affordability for consumers in this tough environment. It's certainly top of mind for both us and the retailer as we work together. And so, we're quite conscious of those dynamics and ensuring that we're making the right strategic choices for the business for the long term.
Chris Growe: That's great. I'm sure the increase in marketing helps a lot in communicating that to the retailer. So that's great. Just one follow-up with -- one follow-up, which is in -- you're starting to lap some pricing from the prior year. So you have a little bit more pricing coming through sequentially as well. So I just want to get a sense from like the pricing contribution in that pricing versus cost inflation. Is that a similar dynamic in 2Q as it was in 1Q in rough terms?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think it will be closer in Q2. I do think you might see a little bit more promotional spend in Q2 than Q1, again, all within a very reasonable range. It's really then the back half where you start to see the significant impact of a year ago pricing. And incremental contribution from pricing would be significantly lower as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: It was -- just about a year ago, you set your 17% margin target for snacks by 2025. But obviously, with just the environment being a little bit more difficult than we might have imagined then and just the margin outlook for this year and what last year looked like. Can you just give us an update of how much that might be on track or what might be needed to get there?
Mark Clouse: Yes, that's good question. I think that -- let me start with the elements of the strategy of our margin road map on snacks are very much intact. And so the ability for us to see the progress on the initiatives that we had as part of that, whether it was the original completion of the original value capture or the next wave of opportunity that we've seen relative to network route to market are all very much on track and in line. I will also say further to that, that the top line performance continues to be very, very strong. And as we all know, at the end of the day, on snacks, growth is really and has been the top priority for that division from the beginning. But I think the good news is all the things that we expected to be delivering, we're delivering. I think what we can't predict exactly right now is how the environment will evolve over time. There's no question that the combination of both inflation and some of the costs associated in the supply chain relative to COVID and all of the things that that we've been navigating over these last couple of years, how that comes off as we go forward and the environment begins to normalize. We talked in the past, if I were to kind of put a let's call it, a rough framework around it, I think there's probably a couple of hundred basis points of just what I would call environmental overhang that I do expect us to be able to improve by. So when I think about longer term on the business, I still remain very confident that, that margin objective and goal is in place. I think we just need to see how the environment unfolds to put a better qualification on timing. But I think the good news is the elements that we need to see progressing, we are seeing progress.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just on sauces, you also touched at the Investor Day on a potential new sauce brand either organically or M&A as part of the path to $1 billion. Is that still part of your thinking? And what -- can you give any latest on how that might unfold?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean we continue to be very bullish on the sauces area. This is a place that, quite frankly, before COVID was growing very well and certainly has continued through the pandemic and even in this moment of economic pressure, we continue to see a very high degree of relevance in that space. And when you look at our portfolio and sauces and you say, okay, where are the opportunity areas or the white spaces? I do continue to believe that there is opportunity at different price points. And I also think that in adjacent segments, there's opportunity as well. And I do think as you see our strategy kind of unfold over time, you'll continue to see us both driving that base business aggressively while adding strategically kind of either small tuck-in acquisitions or some perhaps organic developed new items to complement, not unlike what we're doing with flavor up and the re-launch of sauces, which again, very early in a different model of launching. But at the end of the day, continuing to build out. One thing I'll just mention that's quite interesting in this moment where economic pressure is putting barriers to -- away from home eating a little bit more. What's been very interesting is younger consumers have been one of the bigger sources of migration back into in-home cooking as their confidence and capability through COVID was established or built. You see them returning to that area. And so our opportunity of continuing to kind of arm them with new products or also innovation as it relates to recipe or usage is very much a focus of our strategy, one that's working very well at this moment and one we would expect to continue to do both through innovation as well as the marketing side.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: I thought I remember three months ago, Mark, you've given guidance for a 2% headwind from promotional spending for the full year. And this quarter is zero, are you pushing out some of the spending into the future quarters? Or do you think the promo headwind will be less than you originally expected?
Mark Clouse: I think, Rob, certainly, in Q1, I think the -- as I said, I think the execution and the growth certainly supported a lower rate than that. And I think as you look forward, I've not made a big adjustment to any out-quarter outlook. I think, again, as we navigate through this environment, we're trying to make sure we stay as pragmatic as we can. And as I think about it, what are the things that we're watching very closely, it does revolve around that consumer resilience and the continued overall value proposition. And so I haven't changed much of the outlook for the balance of the year, but I would acknowledge Q1 certainly was better than I might have originally expected.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can you help me understand -- like what made it better, do you think? Was it that...
Mark Clouse: Well, I mean one, the top line was better, and that helps. I think there also as we as you go through, as you might remember, we were in the midst of executing a fairly significant Wave 3 pricing. And I think as you kind of go through that process, you've always got assumptions that as you execute, you may need a little less promotion in one area, maybe a little bit more effective in another area. Competition or price gaps may be a little different than what you anticipated. And so there's always a bit of agility that goes into this. And actually, this is a muscle that I would say historically may not have been as strong as it is today. And so kind of making some of those decisions in real time is very much an important part of the tool bag right now. And so I think that combination of elements really kind of led to what I would say is a better kind of on paper, if you will, lower bps of spending than what we might have anticipated.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-09-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. You may begin.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell’s fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer at Campbell Soup Company. I am joined today by Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell’s Chief Financial Officer. Today’s remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude our prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today’s earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will be making forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today’s agenda. Mark will share his perspective on our fourth quarter and full year performance as well as in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2023. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. On behalf of Campbell’s leadership, I want to begin by thanking the teams for all their hard work this year. By maintaining focus on the factors we can control, we delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results while advancing our strategic plan to deliver sustainable profitable growth. The teams executed with excellence across the company. We improved supply chain performance and implemented effective revenue management to counter inflation, all while demand for our portfolio of brands remained elevated. Importantly, we did what we said we were going to do. We delivered on the high-end of our original full year fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS guidance. We accomplished this despite the volatile environment we are in. And with the momentum we built throughout the year, we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver in fiscal 2023. Let me start with the fourth quarter. We delivered strong growth across all three key metrics, net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, driven by continued improvement in our supply chain execution, sustained consumer demand and our successful efforts to mitigate inflation. Organic net sales increased 6% versus the prior year due to net price realization, continued elevated consumer demand and significantly improved supply. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS both returned to growth due to successful inflation mitigation and cost management. For the full year, organic net sales grew 2% and we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.85. As expected, adjusted EBIT decreased due to challenging inflationary pressures and our commitment to protect critical brand investments. Our financial results reflect the strong end-market performance of our brands. Fourth quarter consumption was up 8% versus the prior year and up 21% compared to 3 years ago. For the full year, consumption was up 4% versus the prior year and up 14% versus 3 years ago. The sustained strength of our portfolio continues to signal great growth potential for the future. On Slide 8, I’d like to talk about a few of the reasons why Campbell’s is well positioned for the consumer and economic environment as we head into fiscal 2023. First, our brands are in categories that excel during challenging economic times. Consumers tend to seek out the better value our meals and beverages portfolio delivers, while the resiliency of snacking has been consistent in prior economic downturns. Also, we are not solely dependent on pricing to manage inflation. We have already delivered $850 million of multiyear cost savings and we are tracking to $1 billion by fiscal 2025. Our supply chain transformation continues as well as we address both short-term and longer term challenges and are performing substantially better than even earlier in the year. In fact, service levels in the fourth quarter improved by approximately 15 points compared to the first half of fiscal 2022. We have delivered strong innovation, with a focus on relevant, differentiated and value-driven platforms. We saw a 2% contribution from innovation in fiscal 2022 and have our most robust pipeline yet for fiscal 2023. For our U.S. soup business, innovation contributed 3% of net sales in fiscal 2022, demonstrating the opportunity for innovation in this strengthening category. Let me now turn to another strong proof point of our progress, which are the share results for our brands as we emerge from the last 3 years of the pandemic influence. We are pleased with the fact that share for most of our key brands across our portfolio continue to remain at or above fiscal 2019 levels. While as we expected in the fourth quarter, we have experienced some select share pressure, this sustained share growth versus pre-pandemic levels is a positive sign that we are emerging with a stronger portfolio of brands as we head into 2023. Turning to our Meals & Beverage division on Slide 10, I continue to be pleased by the performance of our brands. Organic net sales in the division increased 7% versus the prior year, with growth coming across all major meal segments. Consumption grew 8% over the prior year and 22% compared to 3 years ago, reflecting the underlying health of our portfolio and the strengthening position we have built with new consumers through the pandemic, especially with new millennial consumers. Turning to Slide 11. As expected, during tougher economic times, shelf-stable simple meals grew in importance, evidenced by the growth of volume share of total food. The strong value and convenience of categories like pasta sauce and ready-to-serve soup have driven the segment’s outperformance versus both refrigerated and frozen simple meals. This consumer behavior, importantly, among younger households, gives us confidence in the continued relevance of our categories heading into fiscal 2023. Throughout the thoughtful planning and execution of pricing actions in fiscal 2022, we anticipated and appropriately plan for the share pressure we are experiencing from private label, particularly in parts of the portfolio like condensed soup and broth. What is important to remember is the context of the strength of our share positions. Although never happy with share loss in a category where we have a significant share leadership position, the strength of the category translates to compelling growth on a very important part of our portfolio. Further, we have been very focused on which consumers are trading down within soup. And they tend to be our baby-boomer consumers, who historically are a bit more sensitive to price gaps and also very likely to trade back over time. The good news is most of our new millennial consumers in soup have been highly brand loyal. Turning to Slide 13, we also are encouraged by our performance on select brands within our soup category that we see as the most imperative to defend our share. Our condensed icons continued to perform well this quarter, with share up 4.1 points and consumption up 29.6% versus the prior year. On a 3-year basis, our condensed icons are up nearly 6 points in dollar share, while also growing units approximately 9%, reflecting our focus on ensuring we are winning on the most strategic parts of our condensed portfolio. In the ready-to-serve business, Chunky continues to be a star, with dollar share up 1.3 points and consumption up 20.3% versus the prior year. Compared to 3 years ago, Chunky gained over 2 points of dollar share, increased units nearly 27% and we have added over 1 million new buyers into the brand. We are revitalizing the Chunky brand for new generations of consumers, leveraging our 25th season as an NFL sponsor and broadening our relationship with gaming icon, EA Madden, featuring the Campbell’s Chunky Stadium. Innovation will also continue to help fuel our Win in Soup strategy in fiscal 2023. As consumers trade into shelf-stable meals, like ready-to-serve soup, we are bringing new relevant innovation, targeting better-for-you and flavor profiles that will add variety as frequency in these categories go up. Building off of the success of our creamy Pacific Food soups, we are adding to our portfolio of organic ready-to-serve soups and plant-based chilis, which launched in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. We are also expanding our new Chunky spicy lineup following the insight that nearly two-thirds of consumers agree that savory foods taste better with spice. Finally, we are providing a full restage of packaging and graphics to continue to fuel the re-launch of our Well Yes! better-for-you soup line. Broth is a category where as expected, private label pressure has been greater. As a result, we continue to further differentiate our Swanson brand. In fiscal 2023, we will be modernizing our packaging and improving our ingredients to drive the taste superiority, quality and value of our Swanson brand. We will also be launching Swanson Quick Cups, which is a convenient one cup serving a broth, which fits the majority of broth recipe usage occasions. This smaller size offering delivers convenience for smaller households and further delivers value by reducing waste. Through improved quality and a robust lineup of offerings for our consumers, our focus will be on winning this holiday season. Turning to sauces, we continue to make progress against our goal of building a $1 billion sauces business. With quick scratch cooking increasing in relevance as consumers continue to eat more at home to save money, we are well-positioned to capture market share and growth. In fact, our Prego brand remained the number one share leader in the Italian category for the 39th consecutive month and delivered consumption growth of 12.4% compared to the prior year. In addition, repeat rates were up 4 points in the quarter compared to 3 years ago. We are also building on this success by expanding Prego’s lineup as consumers are seeking new elevated flavors and ways to enhance their meals as they cook more at home. Prego’s new varieties offer bold and vibrant ingredients to meet the growing need to bring more choices to the in-home Italian sauce experience. Pace continued to build momentum in the fourth quarter as we recovered from material shortages that pressured supply earlier in the year, leading directly to share gains in the category. Compared to the prior year quarter, Pace gained 0.4 points of dollar share and grew consumption 14.5%, while repeat rates increased 5.9 points versus 3 years ago. Turning to Slide 17, as I mentioned earlier, convenience and value are key drivers, especially when paired with the continued strength of quick scratch cooking. In support of these key consumer dynamics, we are fueling that behavior through innovation, with the launch of Campbell’s Flavor Up concentrated sauces and with the relaunch of Campbell’s cooking sauces. Both will expand options and flexibility for dinner variety, especially as consumers look to find ways to incorporate more interesting flavors at home. For example, with Campbell’s Flavor Up, cooks can control flavor and portions. Plus, given its concentrated form, a home cook can flavor 15 meals in every $5 package, making it an excellent value that helps stretch consumers’ grocery dollars. We will launch this through focused retailer partnerships to methodically build momentum as we create this new exciting way to cook. We are pleased with our results and our innovation. And we remain poised to deliver our goals of achieving $1 billion sauce portfolio. Turning to our Snacks division on Slide 18. The division also had a strong quarter, with organic net sales up 6% over the prior year quarter, driven by our power brands. End market performance was strong, growing consumption 8% versus prior year and 20% compared to 3 years ago, fueled also by the performance of our power brands. We have also now successfully delivered our value capture from the integration. And although we recognize that margins do reflect some of the short-term pressure from inflation and COVID-19, we remain very confident in our plans for further margin expansion in the future. Perhaps even more encouraging is the continued strength of our growing, highly relevant and unique portfolio of power brands. Taking a closer look at these brands, end market consumption grew 11% versus the prior year. And on a 3-year basis, consumption grew 26%, with double-digit growth across all our power brands versus 3 years ago. With respect to share, our power brands held dollar share in the quarter versus the prior year, with share gains on Kettle Brand, Cape Cod, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Pepperidge Farm cookies. On Slide 20, as we indicated last quarter, our improvement in supply chain execution would enable us to invest in our brands through promotional activity in the fourth quarter. We were encouraged to see that our increased support helped drive positive results. We also are continuing to watch unit share very closely on snacking as we know share of stomach in these categories are very important and provide insight into longer term growth potential. The great news is we saw unit share improvement across all our power brands in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. A particularly competitive segment is Total Salty Snacks, where we were the only major player who grew unit share in the fourth quarter as we have worked hard to keep price and promotion balanced as supply recovered. Gold Fish continues to deliver exceptional results also driven by relevant innovation and award winning marketing. We continue to shake things up with our limited time-only strategy. Building on successful collaborations and flavors with Frank’s RedHot and Jalapeno Popper as well as with bold and sweet partnerships with Old Bay and our recently announced Goldfish Dunkin’ Pumpkin Spice Grahams. Since their launch, Frank’s RedHot and Jalapeno Popper Goldfish have driven incremental sales of 60% for the Goldfish brand. These two innovations along with Old Bay season Goldfish were ranked number one in velocity for the cracker category innovations during the launch. We are engaging consumers in a unique way, coupling our ability to create delicious flavor-driven snacks with strong partnerships and world class marketing. This is expanding our consumer reach and usage. The latest accolade is that Goldfish was named one of America’s hottest brands of 2022 by Ad Age. So in closing, Campbell enters fiscal year 2023 with strength in fundamentals, a powerful brand portfolio in advantaged categories and the proven track record of navigating the continued volatile environment. We remain focused on what we can control, and most importantly, continue to deliver our commitments. With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results and present more details on the fiscal 2023 outlook we provided in our press release this morning.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. We are pleased by the strong results we delivered in the fourth quarter in a challenging operating environment. As Mark said earlier, we are proud to have delivered strong full year results, with adjusted EPS at the high-end of our original fiscal 2022 guidance range. This is a testament to the progress our team has made throughout the year in areas such as our supply chain, allowing us to support continued elevated demand levels. Additionally, we have made significant progress regarding inflation mitigation via effective revenue management, continued productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. Our cash generation during fiscal 2022 remains strong as well, with cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion, a 14% increase over prior year. Of which, we returned over $600 million in fiscal 2022 to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. At the end of my remarks, I will review our fiscal 2023 guidance. But now, let’s first discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail. Turning to Slide 25. For the fourth quarter, organic net sales increased 6% as our inflation-driven pricing actions continued to gain traction. Fourth quarter consumption was slightly ahead of our organic net sales performance, driven in part by year-over-year net sales declines in our non-measured channels and due to shipment timing following our July pricing. We now expect inventory replenishment to extend more into Q1. Adjusted EBIT increased 5% compared to the prior year to $269 million, primarily due to higher adjusted gross margin, partially offset by higher adjusted administrative expenses and lower adjusted other income. Our adjusted EBIT margin decreased 20 basis points to 13.5% compared to 13.7% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 8% to $0.56 per share driven primarily by the increase in adjusted EBIT and lower net interest expense. For the full year, organic net sales increased 2% and adjusted EBIT decreased 4% compared to the prior year, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin decrease of 90 basis points to 15.1%. Our fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS was $2.85 per share compared to $2.86 per share in the prior year. On the next slide, I will break down our net sales performance for the fourth quarter. Net sales in the quarter both reported and organic increased 6%, driven by 14 points of inflation-driven pricing. This was partially offset by a 4 point volume and mix headwind and 3 points of increased promotional spending in the quarter, primarily within Snacks. Turning to Slide 27. Our fourth quarter adjusted gross margin percentage increased 40 basis points from 30.9% to 31.3%. Net price realization drove an 840 basis point improvement, reflecting the impact of our inflation-driven pricing actions, net of increased promotional spending in the quarter. In addition, our ongoing supply chain productivity program and our cost savings initiatives contributed 150 basis points and 30 basis points to the adjusted gross margin percentage, respectively. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 810 basis points, with the majority of the impact driven by cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased by approximately 15%, which was relatively consistent with the prior quarter. Lastly, unfavorable volume and mix had a negative impact of 170 basis points in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we continued our efforts to mitigate inflation, highlighted on the next page, through a combination of targeted price increases and trade optimization, as well as productivity improvements, primarily in our supply chain, cost-saving initiatives and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased $4 million or 2% and represented approximately 9% of net sales as planned or a 30 basis point decrease compared to last year. The increase in the quarter was driven by higher selling expenses, which were partially offset by lower advertising and consumer promotion expense or A&C. A&C declined by 3% in the quarter, driven by reductions in our V8 beverage business, where investments were moderated to reflect material availability constraints, offsetting increases in snacks, primarily on Goldfish. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $14 million or 10% to $153 million. The increase in adjusted administrative expenses was driven by higher incentive compensation costs, higher benefit-related costs and inflation. As a percentage of fourth quarter net sales, adjusted administrative expenses were 7.7%, a 30 basis point increase compared to last year. On Slide 30, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT increased 5% in the quarter, primarily due to an 8% or $44 million improvement in adjusted gross margin, as volume declines were more than offset by the net rate improvement, resulting in a 40 basis point adjusted EBIT margin contribution. In addition, higher adjusted administrative and R&D expenses of $14 million and lower adjusted other income of $13 million had a negative adjusted EBIT margin impact of 30 basis points and 60 basis points, respectively. Despite adjusted marketing and selling expenses increasing $4 million versus the prior year, they were lower as a percentage of net sales, and therefore, had a positive impact on our adjusted EBIT margin of 30 basis points. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased year-over-year by 20 basis points to 13.5%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between operating performance and below the line items. A $0.03 impact of higher adjusted EBIT was further benefited by a $0.01 favorable impact from lower net interest expense. This resulted in adjusted EPS of $0.56, which was up $0.04 per share or 8% compared to the prior year. Turning to Slide 32. Our Meals & Beverage division had a strong quarter, with organic net sales increasing 7% versus prior year, driven by increases in U.S. soup and gains in Foodservice and Prego pasta sauces. Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by volume declines and increased promotional spending. Sales of U.S. soup increased 6% due to gains in ready-to-serve soups and condensed soups, partially offset by declines in broth. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 18%. The increase was primarily due to a higher gross margin and lower marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by higher administrative expenses. Gross margin percentage improved, reflecting the mitigation of ongoing inflation with pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements. Lower volume and unfavorable mix as well as higher level of promotional spending pressured gross margin percentage. Overall, within our Meals & Beverage division, the fourth quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 160 basis points to 17.2%. On Slide 33, organic net sales in our Snacks division increased 6%, driven by sales of our power brands, which were up 9%. Snacks sales increased due to gains in salty snacks, primarily Kettle brand, and Cape Cod potato chips, as well as in cookies and crackers, primarily Goldfish crackers. Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by increased promotional spending and volume declines. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 3%, primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses and higher administrative expenses. Gross margin percentage was relatively flat, reflecting the mitigation of ongoing inflation with pricing actions, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher levels of promotional spending, lower volume and unfavorable mix. Overall, the fourth quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 40 basis points to 13.4%. I’ll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2022 cash flow from operations increased 14% year-over-year to $1.2 billion, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings. Cash outflows from investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $242 million, which was down from $275 million in the previous year. Cash outflows from financing activities were $910 million. The majority of which, or $618 million, represented the return of capital to our shareholders, including $451 million of dividends paid and $167 million of share repurchases. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $375 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $172 million under our $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $109 million. Turning to Slide 35. As covered in our press release, we are providing financial guidance for the full year fiscal 2023. While we expect the current macro challenges to continue, our portfolio of brands is well positioned to meet consumer demand. Our previous pricing actions are now fully in place, with expected price elasticities in fiscal 2023 to be slightly above fiscal 2022 levels. We expect positive top line growth for the year in both divisions, partly driven by an increase in our brand investments, supported by an improved supply chain. Our productivity improvements of approximately 3% and cost savings of approximately $60 million in fiscal 2023 will continue to play an important role in mitigating inflation, which is expected to be in the low teens range for the year. Other assumptions incorporated in our full year guidance includes interest expense of approximately $190 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%. We expect pension income to decline year-over-year by approximately $35 million, representing a headwind of approximately 3% to adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth in fiscal 2023. All in, we expect net sales, both organic and reported, to be plus 4% to plus 6%, adjusted EBIT of plus 1% to plus 5% and adjusted EPS of flat to plus 4% versus the fiscal 2022 results. We plan to invest in the business, with capital expenditures targeted at approximately $325 million for the year. Although the midpoint of our guidance reflects modest growth in adjusted EPS, it’s important to highlight that without this headwind from pension income, we expect a significant step-up in growth across all key metrics while still accelerating investments to continue to unlock our full potential. This significant step-up in growth is more indicative of the progress of the business. Overall, we had a strong finish to the year. And we are truly grateful for the continued dedication and commitment by our teams. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Lazar from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Andy Lazar: Great. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andy. Good morning.
Andy Lazar: So – Good morning. I guess first off, Mark, you’re guiding to a 4% to 6% organic top line gain in fiscal ‘23. Maybe you can talk a bit about the key drivers to this in terms of expectations around pricing and promotional spend versus volume expectations. And then I’ve just got a follow-up.
Mark Clouse: sure. Yes. So 4% to 6%, to kind of build it up, anticipates what I would describe on the pricing side as kind of low teens pricing and then likely a couple hundred or so basis points of promotional spend back. So think of it as kind of double-digit net pricing impact. So there is no outsized promotional spend, but there is some reinvestment, as we had anticipated. Elasticities have continued to be very positive versus historical levels. But as we land fully Wave 3 pricing that rolled out in P12 of ‘22, we’ve been seeing elasticities in about the 50% range, better on snacking, a little bit of a step-up as anticipated for next year, probably more like 60% of historical elasticities. And then you’ve got some tailwinds as we have kind of pushed some of the inventory recovery forward from ‘22 to ‘23. I’ll explain that, I’m sure, in a bit. But – and the step-up in investment that we have. And so collectively, you put those pieces together, you get to the 4% to 6%. I think as you think about the year and where the incrementality of pricing sits as well as where the supply recovery will probably be most prevalent, we’re anticipating a stronger first half growth. In particular, Q1, I think we will have a positive relationship to consumption, a little bit of a flip of Q4 as we saw a little bit of timing of shipments move into Q1.
Andy Lazar: Got it. Got it. That’s helpful. Yes. And it’s a good segue into the second question, which is really just – I realize there are plenty of moving pieces here to guidance. And maybe a bit more color on expected phasing for the year and any discrete items that we need to keep in mind along these lines. You obviously mentioned the flip in shipments versus consumption expected as you go into Q1. But any other things around phasing that we should be aware of more, for modeling purposes and such?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Sure. So maybe let me give a little bit more color. And Mick, feel free to jump in if I miss something. But on the EBIT side, to kind of give you a little bit of the building blocks there, as Mick said, we continue to expect inflation next year in the low teens, is what we’ve positioned it as, with pricing and some of our productivity covering that. And then the balance of productivity and cost savings are really more than enough to offset the step-up in investment in marketing and selling as well as covering the pension that Mick laid out. So I think the net of that is modest overall EBIT growth, probably a relatively flat gross margin as you think about the – where the building blocks come from. I generally don’t like to guide the gross margin, but I think stable is the way I would describe it. I also think, as you’re thinking about our investment and how much and where are we, we’ve talked a lot about the goal of getting into that 9% to 10% range for marketing and selling. I think you should anticipate for ‘23, we will be on the low end of that range, but a step up from where we were in ‘22 as we build that back. When you think about phasing for the year, I do think it’s a little bit of a reverse story from the top line. I think you’ll see probably our toughest quarter on inflation in the first quarter as well as a place where I would expect to see investment returning. As you might remember, a year ago, we were in a little bit of a supply-constrained world, and thus then adjusting some of the investments that we had. We will see that come back. And then I think the other thing that’s important to note is the pension that Mick talked about two-thirds of that will be in the first half of the year. And so as you put those things together, the way I would expect as a Q1 where margins will be a little challenged and then kind of stabilizing, normalizing as we go through the year to deliver that relatively overall stable gross margin and modest improvement in EBIT. I think what’s important, just to point this out, but I’m sure it’s kind of self-explanatory in the numbers. But the EBIT without the pension in it, we’re 1% to 5% growth on the base, but without the without the pension in there, we’re 4% to 8%, which would put us very much in line with our long-term guidance and EPS kind of rolls through to the same kind of dynamic. So at the end of the day, I think when you look a little bit past the accounting on the pension, the underlying guide, I think, continues to support the momentum and progress that we’ve been talking about and describing.
Andy Lazar: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Just to tie a bow, I guess, on the conversation about the one-time puts and takes in 1Q. Is there any way for us to sort of estimate or quantify the degree to which shipments are expected to exceed consumption? I understand these dynamics are hard to forecast, but I just kind of want to minimize surprises if we can.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Maybe a way to do that, Ken, is to give you a little bit of color on Q4. Because I do think, to some degree, an expectation that net sales would have been perhaps at or favorable to consumption might have been an expectation out there. And I will say that relative to our own modeling, we saw a little bit more of the shipment timing move into Q1. But maybe it will be helpful to bridge Q4 and then I’ll tell you kind of what to think about as you get into Q1. So I think probably the biggest shift, if you will, in the difference between the two, and this was a little bit of a unique dynamic, but I think the right call, which was to roll out our Wave 3 pricing in the last month of ‘22. And that was really designed to ensure that we had the pricing fully reflected and in place as we stepped off in fiscal ‘23. However, in a month where you’re executing pricing, I do think we saw a little bit slower, especially as it relates to inventory recovery as we executed that. The good news is, as we project in the Q1, that’s probably a couple of hundred basis points of difference that I think will move into the Q1 timing. And as we start the year, we see momentum as – in support of that. So I think that’s the first piece. The other two, as we have continued to prioritize the retail environment, some of the non-measured channels, especially on snacking, it was about 200 basis points of headwind for our snacks business, about 100 basis points overall for the company of decline in unmeasured channels, which is part of that bridge as well. And then perhaps the final piece, but on a smaller level of contribution, although I feel tremendous about the progress we’re making on supply chain, we still have a few businesses where material availability has slowed full supply recovery. That’s primarily Lance late July in V8, where each of them have their own kind of material availability challenge that will take us some time into ‘23 to fully recover. So you put that into the mix as well. So as you think about Q1, imagining that we’re a couple of hundred basis points ahead of kind of in-market consumption, I do think the unmeasured channels will stabilize and be more in line as supply fully comes back in line, especially in our snacking businesses. And so I think that’s probably a good way to kind of think about the dynamics of the movement from Q4 to Q1 and maybe a little bit of explanation on why you might not have seen a little bit more top line, in particular, on the snack business in Q4.
Ken Goldman: Great, thank you for that. And then a quick follow-up on promotional spending, can you maybe elaborate a bit on what drove that sort of sudden increase, I’d say, in the fourth quarter in promo spending and snacking, I guess how sure that trend would be? And kind of how you think about – I know you talked about a couple of 100 basis points in ‘23. But is there a breakdown by segment, just very roughly, Mark, that we can kind of model in?
Mark Clouse: Yes, yes. No. And I think we tried to kind of allude to that is, as we were moving from Q3 into Q4, that as supply came back in line and given the nature of snacking, it is probably more important to get that balance of promotion right. And it’s interesting when you look at snacks in the fourth quarter, although you did see about 400 basis points of step-up in promotional spend, you also saw vol mix that was down only about 3 points, which relative to the total net pricing we took would imply a very low elasticity. And part of that is the nature of snacking. And so what we want to make sure we are doing perhaps more so in snacking than other categories is really ensuring that we stay competitive as it relates to units, because in the end, that’s really what’s indicative of the future health of the business. And so I think that balance is what we are striking. I do not think you will see 400 basis points as an ongoing runway. I do think we – the summer does tend to be a little bit more historically promoted period. And so you saw that. And given what we were lapping, which was very light on promotion. I think it’s a more normalized view of promotion than it might have looked at first glance with 400 basis points. But as I think you get into ‘23, I think it will. As I said, 200 basis points, probably a little more distortion to snacking, but generally in that ballpark for the year is a good assumption.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And by the way, just as closing that out, I mean that is why you saw, I think in Q4 the unit share performance that I talked about in the remarks. And the fact that we were growing units in salty snacks, which is perhaps the most fiercely competitive segment of snacking was – in my mind, as I thought about what we were trying to accomplish in the quarter, was a very positive outcome.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Clouse: Sure Peter.
Peter Galbo: Mark, I guess just the first question, going back – to circle back on Andrew’s question around gross margin and realizing that you have given a little bit of color there. I just – in the context of some of the guidance elements that Mick has given, it would kind of seem that gross margins would actually have to be up to make the EBIT math and the EPS math work versus kind of the flattish. And just wanted to make sure that your comment wasn’t that they would be flat, but could potentially be up on the year?
Mark Clouse: I think they are going to be relatively stable is what I would say. So, I always hate to give precise numbers on gross margin. But I do think what I would expect to see – and remember this too, like when we talk about cost savings and even some of our productivity, that’s not all in gross margin. Part of that is below the line. And that contribution, as Mick laid out, the cost savings goal for the year does give us some counter to the increase in marketing and selling spend that we have below. So, I think when you put those together, it’s helpful. Mick?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Maybe kind of to be a little bit more precise around the cost savings, think about it as about a third is going to cost of goods. The remainder is below the gross margin line.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay.
Mark Clouse: So, I think if you did that math, if you rolled that math together, I think it will allow for you to have a little bit of kind of offset to where you would see marketing and selling up and the pension recovery with cost savings relative to then a gross margin that I think will be healthy, but generally, probably pretty stable.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. And then Mark, just going back to some of your comments from prior calls around soup. I think it played out kind of as you expected or as you have communicated, maybe more or so in broth, that private label has taken more of the share. I guess what we have seen in the Nielsen data is, on the condensed side, realizing that broth is maybe a part of that, private label has taken more share in condensed relative to ready-to-serve. But maybe that’s not what you are seeing in your business. So, I just wanted to understand if there was a difference between the data that we are seeing and what you are seeing internally.
Mark Clouse: No. And that’s what we would have expected, right. So, private label in our soup business really is prevalent in two places. It’s the condensed business and it’s the broth business. And those are the two places where we recognize where we have got to be very, very on top of price gaps and the overall value proposition. I think the one piece of context that I will just give to you that I do think is important, and I mentioned it in my comments, in a condensed world where we are 80% of the category, and the category is up double digits, that is a good thing for us overall. Although, again, I am never happy or satisfied with any share loss at all. I do think the overall strength of the segment has been very positive. I think further to that, we have tried to really carve out the parts of the condensed business that we want to make sure that we are defending in a more perhaps vigorous way. And that’s – we describe it as our icons, but that’s essentially chicken noodle, tomato, cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, these are the kind of juggernauts of condensed. And when we look at those head-to-head versus private label, we are actually winning on share expansion and growth. What is – where the decline is coming from is on a lot of the flankers, which tend to be a little bit higher priced. There are things like healthy requests and some of the longer tail on flavors. And so as we go into ‘23, what we are really going to be trying to do is maintain that focus on icons, but also providing a little bit more support behind the broader portfolio to try to continue to bring kind of a full solution to bear, if you will for condensed. And so although I expect that pressure to be there, especially in the first half until we kind of cycle where we were when pricing really kind of took hold in the back half, I do feel very good about where we are. And it’s very consistent to where we expected to be. And again, if the category can continue to maintain the momentum, I think it bodes well for us longer term as well. I think broth, as I have always said, it’s kind of the toughest because arguably, it is the most commoditized segment of the soup business. But I will say, I feel the best about our offerings that we have ever had as we roll into ‘23. We have got a quality improvement that now tests superior to private label. We have also got packaging constructs that are unique to us that will bring value and convenience. And so I think we put our best foot forward. And I think this holiday season will be a good initial test of that. And so we are geared up and ready to go there. But I think that category or segment continues perhaps to be one of our most challenging longer term, but I feel very confident that the condensed business, we are very well positioned on. And then just to round it out, I mean on ready-to-serve, I feel terrific about where we are there. Shares have been improving. Our Chunky business is really just doing fantastic. Well, yes, continues to plot its course of recovery. I mean Chunky is growing top line share and units. So, we have got everything going in the right direction. We have got a terrific pipeline of innovation. We have added Pacific in a material way to ready-to-serve now. And we have got a whole another new lineup of ready-to-serve organic Soups and Chilis with Pacific. So, I feel really good about that, and I think that’s evident in our results. So, when I take a step back on soup, I would just say, again, I am never going to be okay with share loss. But I don’t think it’s inconsistent with what we expected. I think we have got good action plans against the different pieces. And I do expect us to continue to show progress. And if at the end, the underlying dynamic is continued strong growth in the category, ultimately, that will be a very good thing for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning folks. Thanks for letting me in.
Mark Clouse: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Hi. I am surprised to hear you measure measured channels as a headwind in snacks. It’s been growth accretive for most companies. Can you shed some light on what’s going on there? Where are you seeing the weakness? And what’s driving it?
Mark Clouse: Yes. What it is, Jason, is a little bit of decision-making between where we steer supply in the short-term. So, I don’t feel at all like it will be a problem in the future at all. But I do think in the fourth quarter, we have made some decisions to strengthen our presence in some of the retail channels where we had been weaker on supply and kind of prioritized recovery there. I think you will see strong recovery as we go into the – into fiscal ‘23. And I don’t think you will see that as a drag on the business at all as we go forward. And yes, it’s a very healthy channel and one we want to be present in going forward or healthy channels that we want to be present in going forward. But in the fourth quarter, it was a little bit of pick your spot. And we decided that we prioritize the retail first.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you. And I am a little surprised by some of your comments on snacking, the characterization, salty snacks is exceptionally promotional or something to that effect. And your highlight on units over value, it very much sounds like you are pivoting to a volume over value strategy, which we as analysts here have been conditioned over the years to get very nervous about because it’s often led to a path to like value destruction, margin compression, race to the bottom. Maybe you can give us some context, like why we shouldn’t be concerned around some of the language you are using and where – what you are choosing to highlight as areas that we should focus on.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think the biggest indicator I can give you, Jason, is that we are not talking about anything even remotely broader or deeper than historical levels. And honestly, even with the Q4 example that I gave, we are still not back. And nor do I think we need to go all the way back to historical levels. At the same time, I do think that snacking in general, because of so much of the impulse decision-making that’s there, the balancing act between the two is perhaps a little bit more important. So, there is no shift in strategy. And again, I continue to be very confident in our ability to drive the margin goals that I know you and I have talked a lot about over the years and continue to see a runway. And even in the quarter, right, where we delivered that kind of investment, although our margins were off of, I think 30 basis points, it’s a really stable margin on the business that I expect to continue to accelerate as we get into ‘23. So, I don’t think you should have any concern at all about some shift in strategy that’s going to result in margin erosion. I do think what you should expect is some recovery of the promotion that has left the segment as we continue to kind of be in a position where we want to stay as competitive as possible. So, I think where you will land at the end is less probably promotion than we had historically, but certainly more than what we had last year, because it just was – it was too much. And again, it was because we didn’t have supply. And so I do expect that recovery to come. So, yes, please don’t read too much into this. It’s really about the recovery. But I do think in a world where inflation is so dramatic, continuing to calibrate volume and making sure you know where your volumes and your units are is a very important aspect of recognizing are we pricing in the right balance. So, I would tell you that it’s probably more about the overarching sustainability of the broader strategy and making sure that we have got that balance right.
Jason English: Helpful context. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I noticed in your CapEx guidance, I think it’s $325 million, it’s well below the 4% to 5% of sales that you have talked about at your Investor Day. And I want to know, are there any projects that are getting delayed? And is it correlated to your innovation plans, because 2% of sales this year contribution from innovation, it just sounds low in historical context. And I know at Investor Day, you talked about increasing that over time. So, can you talk about that?
Mark Clouse: Maybe I will do innovation first and then we will back into the capital. But – so if you remember on Investor Day, we showed a slide that had essentially kind of a historical run rate of about 1.5%. And then for ‘22, we had 2% innovation for – as our target, which we delivered, and saw momentum even on that as we were kind of exiting the year. As we move forward, we expect that to get back up into the 2% to 3% to 3% to 4% over time. And that is, in our mind, really kind of best-in-class. And again, you expect there to be a bit more innovation flowing through your snacks business just because of the nature of that category. But what I felt this year was important in a world where we were wrestling with a lot of external variables was to stay on track to deliver the goal that we laid out in Investor Day was a good step up. And then now with an even bigger pipeline in the future, we feel great about where we are going and where we are headed in the future. And I think our capital is really built to support that, but also with a good amount of it that’s related to continued cost savings and productivity. But Mick, I will let you…
Mick Beekhuizen: No. I agree Mark. And basically, the way that I would think about, Rob, is that we had – we obviously spent this past year $242 million. This year, we are targeting $325 million. Obviously, quite a bit of an increase. But really to your earlier point, to make sure that we support the overall growth of our business while we obviously maintain our assets as well and we support all the innovations. So, we are not stepping back. If anything, I actually feel like we are doing step forward here, and we continue to make sure that we support the growth. And if you look at it from kind of as a percentage of revenues, of course, there is a little more kind of overall top line pricing reflected and all that. So, net-net, with 3.5% is – if you look at the mid-range of our net sales guidance and you take – put that $325 million in perspective, I actually feel pretty good where we are from an overall capital investment perspective.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So, if I could ask a follow-up. Mark, I think you said that one of the reasons for the inventory reload spilling into 1Q had to do with pricing actions that you took during fourth quarter. And I would have thought that customers would actually buy more inventory after you announced a price increase before the pricing goes through. Why doesn’t that dynamic play out?
Mark Clouse: Yes. It actually did. It just happened much earlier in the quarter. And then in the – normally, what we do on pricing, right, just the way that the nature of executing these, it tends to be at the turn of quarters. And you end up getting a little bit of an inventory build as you kind of roll out of the quarter and then a little bit slower start as people work through their lower-priced inventory before they replenish. I think the desire to get pricing in place for ‘23 led us to push that a little bit more forward. And I am really glad we did, because in the end, we are in a great position headed into the year. We are at a much stronger and kind of Wave 3 pricing fully behind us is what we wanted. But I will say that where you would normally have perhaps a little more of incentive to build in the final month, you just didn’t see that quite as much. And anyhow, at the end of the day, I think the good news is, as I have said, very consistent with prior circumstances, in this month, we are seeing that bounce back as you would expect. And so I think the good news is that it kind of carries that opportunity a little bit into Q1. And I think that in many aspects will be beneficial.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
End of Q&A:
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-06-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Rebecca Gardy, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Head of Investor Relations at Campbell Soup Company. And joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will be making forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our third quarter performance, as well as in-market performance by division; Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2022. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call for fiscal 2022. As you read in our press release, we reported strong year-over-year performance. While expected, the performance represents a positive proof point for our continued successful execution in what remains a highly dynamic environment. Over the last several years, we've been navigating substantial headwinds, including the ongoing impact of COVID-19, labor and supply pressures’ significant transformation and a rising level of inflation. The team has done a great job of controlling the controllables. We have improved our execution and strengthened our supply chain by increasing labor and capabilities, while working with our retail partners to deploy inflation driven pricing effectively and thoughtfully. Our results this quarter reflect this work. We delivered accelerated growth in sales driven by continued consumer demand for our brands and significantly improved supply. The underlying health of our portfolio remains strong, though we did experience some expected share pressure due to select remaining supply constraints and private label improvement in certain categories. Also returning to growth were adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, reflecting our successful efforts to mitigate inflation and recover on labor and supply. Although we expect the environment to remain challenging, we are confident that we are on a considerably stronger foundation and in a much better position to navigate the volatile macro environment moving forward. Our year-to-date performance and improved execution have led us to raise our previously communicated net sales guidance for the year. We are maintaining our adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 2022 to reflect the ongoing inflation pressure. Now let's cover some specifics from Q3. Organic net sales were up 9% primarily driven by the impact of our second wave of inflation driven pricing, which is now reflected on shelf across both divisions. Our service levels also continued to recover, supported by improved labor hiring and retention which enabled us to meet this demand, recover distribution and enable retailers to begin to rebuild product inventories. Volume declined in the quarter driven by select labor and materials constraints and some price elasticities, albeit much lower than historical levels. We anticipate and have plans for similar volume trends going forward, where demand and inventory replenishment is mitigated by some ongoing materials availability and price elasticity. We are remaining vigilant on elasticities with a variety of contingency plans in place if they begin to accelerate. Turning to profit, net price realization and our strengthened supply chain execution offset the impact of accelerating inflation and lower volume, resulting in a 23% increase in adjusted EBIT and a 37% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. While our adjusted EBIT margin was up 190 basis points versus the prior year, I want to remind you of our challenging margin performance in the prior year quarter. I would characterize the improvement as more of a stabilization than a full recovery as the combination of our pricing actions, productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives began to catch up with the current inflation in ingredients, packaging, freight and labor. We expect continued inflation pressure going forward and have already announced a third wave of select pricing to take effect as we transition into fiscal 2023. Now turning to in-market performance for the quarter, we saw increased consumption across both businesses. In-market performance remain positive up 4% versus the prior year. Net sales were five points ahead of consumption in the quarter, reflecting the retail inventory rebuild previously noted. On a three year basis, consumption grew 14%. Turning to Slide 8, building on our in-market performance briefly discussed on the previous slide. We are very excited about the continued consumption and share growth of our key brands. In fact, all our key brands have grown consumption considerably over the last three years, with many of our most important brands at or above pre-pandemic share levels. That said, we experienced some short-term market share pressure on certain brands as we expected. These share losses tend to line up very closely with where our distribution levels were down evidence that supply was one of the key drivers of this pressure. As we continue to recover distribution and are fully supporting our portfolio, we expect to see ongoing share recovery. We are already seeing this recovery in snacks in the most recent period. In the quarter, we also experienced some continued share pressure from private label following their distribution recovery and the market’s higher overall prices, causing some trading down. Turning to Meals & Beverages. I continue to be pleased by the underlying health and strength of demand for our portfolio. Organic net sales in the division increased 9% versus prior year. Consumption grew 4% over prior year, including brands in 4 of our 5 core categories, we feel great about the progress we've made, especially when you compare this business to where we were three years ago prior to the pandemic, with consumption growth of 14% over that period and share gains in many of our categories. Let's turn to the next slide where I want to spend a moment framing how the Meals & Beverage portfolio is poised to win in the current dynamic environment of accelerating inflation and some recent trading down consumer behaviors. In times of rising inflation, out-of-home meals are the #1 occasion people cut back on. Grocery store occasions are the #1 go-to occasion when consumers feel pressure. Despite recent average prices on shelf increasing in our key categories of soup and Italian sauce in the low to mid-double digits, volumes are still elevated versus the prior year, indicating that both the soup and Italian sauce categories are staying in consumers' baskets as prices are rising. In fact, even in categories where we may be experiencing some share pressure from private label, it is consistently where consumers tend to be trading down into our categories, driving overall accelerated growth. As an example, in condensed soup where private label share has expanded, the category and Campbell's are growing significantly at 9% and 6%, respectively, versus the prior year. To keep fueling this growth, we are also continuing to shift our marketing message toward more value. Turning to our soup portfolio on Slide 11. In-market soup consumption continued to grow, increasing 5% versus prior year and 14% compared to 3 years ago. In the quarter, we continued to see strong share performance on key brands. But as expected, we did see pockets of share pressure, in particular, on condensed soup and Swanson, where inflation and slower private label pricing put some pressure on share. However, we remain very confident in our overall competitive position. One proof point is we are growing shares in key strategic areas like our condensed icons: Chicken Noodle, Tomato, Cream of Chicken and Cream of Mushroom, the largest SKUs in the Condensed business. In addition, overall share in Condensed is up nearly 2 points versus 3 years ago prior to COVID-19, even with the most recent recovery of private label. Finally, on Condensed, we are thrilled that we are retaining the younger millennials that we have added in the last 3 years. The share losses tend to be more concentrated in the baby boomer cohort who are a bit more price sensitive. As a result, we are very pleased to see our new consumers remain committed to our brand and our household retention remains high. On our ready-to-serve or RTS business, share was down in the quarter due to the prioritization of core brands, Chunky and Well Yes!. In fact, Chunky's strong performance resulted in 14% dollar consumption growth and nearly 2 points of share growth versus prior year. In the third quarter, Prego consumption increased 7% versus the prior year. Versus 3 years ago, consumption is up 25% and repeat rate up nearly 5 points. Prego also continued to maintain its share leadership in the Italian sauce category. For Pace, a significant recovery in service during the quarter drove share growth of 0.2 points and household penetration of plus 0.5 points and added 800,000 new households in the quarter, driven primarily by millennials versus the prior year. Versus 3 years ago, we grew consumption 14%. And we're pleased with our strong progress to date and remain confident in our ability to achieve our goals of building a $1 billion sauce business. As we outlined in our Investor Day in December, driving the core is critical to achieving our goals, as is meaningful innovation and smart M&A. On Slide 13, we're excited to share a glimpse into our Meals & Beverages innovation plans for fiscal 2023. Innovation on our business is critical. And now with supply improving, we can focus on rolling out a robust pipeline of new products. Starting with a new innovative approach to home quick-scratch meals, we'll be launching our Campbell's Flavor Up line. This brings a versatile concentrated flavor sauce that will enable a variety of recipes, and the consumer can control flavor intensity and portions, a quick meal for one or a convenient family dinner. Prego will also be expanding its lineup in fiscal 2023 as consumers continue to eat more at home to save money and seek value in the current inflationary environment. Younger consumers especially are seeking new specialty flavors and ways to enhance their at-home meals. Prego's new items will offer bold flavors to meet the growing need to bring greater variety to the in-home Italian sauce experience. Chunky’s Spicy, which is adding to the strong results of this important brand, will also be expanding their lineup in fiscal 2023. In fact, Chunky’s Spicy Chicken Noodle, launched earlier this year is already rapidly approaching the first quartile of all ready-to-serve soup with strong trial and repeat. We are also launching an Old Bay’s seasoned variety of Clam Chowder in conjunction with the limited edition launch of Old Bay’s season Goldfish. Finally, we're also excited about Pacific ready-to-serve Soups and Chili's, which we’ll be launching in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. We continue to drive innovation in this business and expect these new products to be a significant growth driver next fiscal year, solidifying our leadership in organic soup. The combination of our Chunky, Well Yes! and now, organic Pacific ready-to-serve soup will create a formidable portfolio and a full range of choices for all consumer cohorts and price points. Turning to our Snacks division on Slide 14. We delivered organic net sales growth of 8% versus prior year. We also experienced strong in-market performance of 4% over the prior year quarter and 14% on a 3-year basis. This acceleration in growth reflects the continued underlying strength of our brands especially our power brands and significant improvement in our supply chain and service levels. Our Snacks’ Power brands continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 6% versus the prior year and 19% compared to 3 years ago, reflecting our efforts to prioritize Power brands. We feel good that 6 of 8 of our Power brands grew consumption year-over-year, with the exceptions being late July in Pepperidge Farm cookies, both of which were negatively impacted by our remaining supply challenges. With respect to share, we experienced some expected pressure on our Power brands as supply and promotional recovery took time through the quarter. Great examples of brands where supply is in place and we're supporting the business fully, include both Kettle brand and Cape Cod Potato Chips, with share gains of 1.5 points and 0.2 points, respectively. Additionally, we have seen very little elasticity or trade down due to price sensitivity so far. This is true more broadly across all of salty snacks. In fact, private label and value brands lost share in the snacks category in the quarter. Another standout has been our largest Snacks brand, Goldfish, which has grown from a favorite kids food to a top choice of their teen siblings and their parents. In the quarter, Goldfish consumption was up 8% and up 18% on a 3-year basis. On Slide 16, I'll highlight a few of the recent Goldfish new product successes. Family Size and Mega Bites are the #1 and #2 fastest turning cracker innovation in calendar year 2022, fueling a buy rate increase of 11.4% year-over-year for this iconic brand. Family Size is overdelivering across all metrics, with strong velocity, distribution and trial. Goldfish Mega Bites continues to outpace our target and overdeliver on our expectations, driven by strong velocity, trial and repeat rates. Our strategy to broaden our consumer base is working, as evidenced by more than half of buyers being households without children and Mega Bites performing well with older consumers. Additionally, we're building upon the successful limited time-only strategy that brought Frank's RedHot and Jalapeño-Popper Goldfish to consumers. We recently launched our Old Bay seasoned Goldfish. We quickly created a buzz among a passionate consumer base, logging more than 1 billion impressions in 48 hours. The product sold out within 9 hours on Shop McCormick, with velocities very strong across all retail outlets. To conclude, while we feel very good about the progress we've made, the operating environment remains challenging, and we expect ongoing margin pressure from inflation. However, we're in a better position to navigate it and now very much on our front foot. Going forward in Q4, you should expect to see us: one, continue to work hard to use all our tools to combat inflation and manage margin pressure; two, leverage improving supply and execution to further recover distribution and inventory levels; three, return promotional and marketing investment to strengthen competitiveness and combat private label trade down; and finally, four, work to create a compelling fiscal 2023 plan that balances the many nearing challenges while maintaining the momentum and progress on our long-term strategic plans. Although this environment may be different than our original expectations, we are pleased with the continued progress on the business and remain very confident in our ability to achieve our long-term objectives. With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our results in more detail.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We delivered solid growth in the third quarter across net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS amidst meaningful macro headwinds. As Mark reviewed, the sustained consumer demand for our portfolio of brands, improved supply chain execution combined with inflation-driven pricing and limited elasticities resulted in strong top line growth. Our productivity improvements and the benefit of continued cost savings initiatives helped mitigate a continued inflationary environment driving growth in both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS in the quarter. Q3 adjusted gross margin performance represents a gradual recovery of the year-to-date impact of significant inflation and select supply chain constraints. Also recall that we are lapping a favorable prior year comparison. Our cash generation remains strong with cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion through the first 9 months. Additionally, in line with our commitment to deliver value to shareholders, we have returned over $450 million year-to-date to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As I will review in more detail in a moment, we are raising net sales guidance based on our performance year-to-date as well as our expectations for continued strong consumer demand for our brands, limited price elasticities, continued supply recovery and improved service levels. Given the persistent inflationary environment, we are reaffirming our full year guidance on adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Turning to the next slide. Organic net sales increased 9% in the quarter as consumer demand was strong and we experienced limited price elasticities. Third quarter organic net sales performance outpaced consumption in measured channels by 5 points, primarily driven by retailer inventory rebuild. Adjusted EBIT increased 23% compared to prior year quarter due to improved adjusted gross margin performance and lower marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by sales volume declines and lower adjusted other income. Adjusted EBIT margin increased by 190 basis points to 15.1% compared to 13.2% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 37% to $0.70 per share, driven primarily by the increase in adjusted EBIT, lower adjusted net interest expense and the benefit of lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Year-to-date, organic net sales increased 1% and adjusted EBIT decreased 7% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased by 110 basis points to 15.6% compared to 16.7% in the prior year. Year-to-date, adjusted EPS decreased 2% versus the prior year. On the next slide, I'll break down our net sales performance for the third quarter. Inflation-driven pricing more than offset the impact of volume declines in the quarter as we experienced lower than historical price elasticities. Organic net sales increased 9% during the quarter, driven by 11 points of favorable pricing, reflecting inflation-driven price increases. This was partially offset by a 3-point volume/mix headwind, reflecting select supply constraints as well as price elasticities, partially offset by retailer inventory rebuild. The impact of the sale plum subtracted one point in the quarter. All in, our reported net sales increased 7% over the prior year. Turning to the next slide. Our third quarter adjusted gross margin increased 90 basis points to 31.5% from 30.6% last year. In addition to lapping a sizable decline in the prior year, this margin expansion represent a gradual recovery of the significant year-to-date impact of increased cost inflation and other macro issues, such as labor and materials availability. Net price realization drove an 800 basis points improvement due to the impact of our inflation-driven pricing actions, which only partially offset the inflationary headwinds experienced in the quarter. Our ongoing supply chain productivity program and our cost savings program contributed 110 basis points and 20 basis points to adjusted gross margin, respectively. Inflation/other had a negative impact of 790 basis points, with the majority of the impact driven by cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased by approximately 15%. Along with other industry participants, we experienced the impact of significantly increasing cost inflation and other macro issues, such as labor and materials availability. Other supply chain costs had a favorable impact as we lapped higher other supply chain-related costs in the prior year third quarter, including those related to last year's Texas storm, which caused a temporary disruption to the Meals & Beverage division supply chain operations. In addition, we received a onetime benefit in the current year for insurance claims related to the Texas storm. The benefit of these items improved our adjusted Q3 gross margin year-over-year by approximately 100 basis points. Lastly, volume/mix had a negative 50 basis point impact on gross margin, largely due to reduced operating leverage. The previously described initiatives to mitigate inflation, highlighted on the next page, includes price increases and trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. We remain focused on the inflation mitigation as we expect core inflation for the year to be low double-digits, with a more pronounced impact in the second half of fiscal 2022. Our Wave 2 pricing was fully reflected throughout the third quarter. And as Mark noted in his opening remarks, we have already announced a third wave of select pricing to help mitigate the continued increase in inflation as we head into fiscal 2023. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses decreased $14 million or 7% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. Advertising and consumer promotion expense, or A&C, declined by 16% in the quarter as investments were moderated, due in part to the pacing of supply recovery and some ongoing material availability issues. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented approximately 9% as a percent of net sales, which was in line with our expectations. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $4 million or 3% to $146 million. As a percentage of third quarter net sales, adjusted administrative expenses were 6.9%, a 30 basis point decrease compared to last year. On the next slide, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT increased 23% in the quarter, primarily due to a 90 basis point or $87 million improvement in adjusted gross margin. Lower marketing and selling expenses contributed $40 million or 140 basis points to our adjusted EBIT margin. The continued headwind of sales volume declines, primarily from the impact of select supply constraints, as well as price elasticities, partially offset by retailer inventory rebuild, negatively impacted EBIT by $24 million. Lower adjusted other income had a negative impact of $13 million or 70 basis points. Despite adjusted administrative and R&D expenses increasing $4 million versus the prior year, it was lower as a percentage of net sales versus the prior year, and therefore had a positive impact to our adjusted EBIT margin of 40 basis points. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 190 basis points to 15.1%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. A $0.15 impact of higher adjusted EBIT was further benefited by a $0.02 favorable impact from lower adjusted net interest expense, a $0.01 impact of lower adjusted taxes and a $0.01 impact from the benefit of lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding. This resulted in adjusted EPS of $0.70, which was up $0.19 per share or 37% compared to prior year. Turning to the segments. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales, which exclude the impact from the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business, increased 9%, driven by increases in U.S. Soup, Foodservice and Prego Pasta Sauces, partially offset by declines in Canada. Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by increased promotional spending. Volume decreased, primarily due to supply constraints, driven by labor and materials availability and price elasticities, partially offset by retailer inventory rebuild. Sales of U.S. Soup increased 15% due to increases in both Condensed and ready-to-serve soups, while broth was comparable to the prior year. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 18%. The increase was primarily driven by improved gross margin performance and relatively stable marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by sales volume declines. Gross margin performance reflected ongoing cost inflation, which was offset by pricing actions, lower other supply chain costs and supply chain productivity improvements. The lower other supply chain costs were positively impacted by the previously mentioned Texas storm impact. Unfavorable volume/mix also pressured gross margins, largely due to reduced operating leverage as well as higher levels of promotional spending. These results also reflect lower base operating earnings in the prior year third quarter. Overall, within our Meals & Beverages division, the third quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 200 basis points to 19.5%. Within Snacks, organic net sales increased 8% while sales of our Power brands were up 13%. Snack sales increased due to increases in salty snacks, primarily Snyder's of Hanover pretzels and Kettle brand potato chips, as well as cookies and crackers, primarily Goldfish crackers. Overall, inflation-driven pricing, sales allowances and lower promotional spending were partially offset by volume declines. Despite some inventory rebuild, volume declined in the quarter, driven by supply constraints based on materials availability and price elasticities. Segment operating earnings in the quarter increased 25%, primarily driven by improved gross margin performance and lower marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by higher administrative expenses. Gross margin performance improved as higher inflation and increased other supply chain costs were more than offset by pricing, supply chain productivity improvements, execution improvements and cost savings initiatives. These results also reflect lower base operating earnings in the prior year quarter. Overall, within our Snacks division, the third quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 160 basis points to 12.7%. I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Year-to-date fiscal 2022 cash flow from operations increased from $881 million in the prior year to $1.1 billion, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings. Our year-to-date cash outflows for investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $179 million, which was down from $190 million in the previous year. Our year-to-date cash outflows from financing activities were $805 million. The majority of which, or $456 million, represented the return of capital to our shareholders, including $340 million of dividends paid and $116 million of share repurchases. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $425 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program and approximately $173 million under our $250 million anti-diluted share repurchase program. In the quarter, we settled the redemption of all $450 million of our senior notes due to mature in August 2022 with a combination of cash and short-term debt. We ended the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $196 million. Turning to the next slide. We are raising our full year fiscal 2022 net sales guidance to reflect year-to-date performance, expectations of continued strong demand for our portfolio of brands and limited price elasticities amidst a heightened inflationary environment as well as continued supply recovery and improved service levels. Although our third quarter adjusted EBIT margins improved relative to the prior year, we expect core inflation to exceed prior estimates for the balance of the year. We expect margin pressure for the full fiscal year despite ongoing mitigating actions, such as net price realization, productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. Accordingly, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS performance are expected to be consistent with the guidance provided on March 9, 2022. For the full year, we expect organic net sales to be plus 1% to plus 2%. This is a change from minus 1% to plus 1% reported on March 9, 2022. We continue to expect adjusted EBIT of minus 4.5% to minus 1.5% and adjusted EPS of minus 4% to flat versus the adjusted fiscal 2021 results. The sale of Plum is estimated to have a negative impact of 1 percentage point on fiscal 2022 net sales. In closing, while the macro environment remains challenging and increased inflation is certain, we are confident in our outlook for the balance of the year, given the continued demand for our trusted brands and the focused execution of our teams. We are pleased with our third quarter financial results and overall business performance. And we continue to look forward to closing out the year on a strong foundation. We will now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, Mark, in light of recent industry chatter regarding consumer behavior shifts and retailer commentary, I thought it might make sense to start with having you address this sort of building investor notion that the pricing window has sort of, all of a sudden, effectively completely closed for the industry, which obviously is an important topic given expectations for more inflation to come in -- going forward in your fiscal '23. And I guess specific to Campbell, you mentioned the third wave of pricing was announced. Does that mean it's sort of locked in with key retail partners at this point? And does this pricing essentially cover what inflation you see in fiscal '23, at least as we stand here today, or might there need to be more still?
Mark Clouse: So yes, good question, Andrew, not surprising either. But I think the first thing I just would say is, as we mentioned today, we feel very good about the execution on pricing so far through the first 2 waves. And then as we mentioned also today, we announced the third wave back in April. And we did that really, as you might remember, in '21, we tended to lag inflation, especially through the first couple of quarters of the year. And we wanted to make sure that we were a bit more nimble going into '22 and really into '23. And so as we saw the projection and the outlook for inflation, we moved very quickly to get the third wave out there. And we've been working through that with customers for really the better part of the last couple of months. And so we've made a lot of progress on that front. And we feel very good about that as well as feeling good about how that sets us up into exiting '22 into '23. I think we also feel very good about the other levers that we have and the progress we're making to help us manage the inflation. Primarily, I would say, the significant step forward in our supply chain, both from a labor standpoint but also from an execution standpoint. Really nice to see the progress coming through that -- that we've been working hard, and certainly, that was an area of opportunity. But as we start to think about our position going into '23, certainly feels much stronger of a foundation. It feels good to have that wave 3 pricing out there and moving. And I think as you start to ask about future and this idea that there is no room for any more pricing, I don't think that's particularly accurate or realistic. I think what is true is that we've got to be incredibly mindful of the consumer dynamics and where consumers are relative to the elasticities that we're experiencing and being quite strategic in our thinking about where there might be pricing and where we're at limits and probably need to think of other tools within the bag to solve for inflation. So I certainly would hate to be sitting here today ruling out that there’s no chance for further pricing. I just think we've got to be very prudent about it. And I think that's a similar sentiment that we're hearing with our retail partners. I think we're collectively wanting to make sure that we're thoughtful about where pricing is possible, where we may be seeing elasticities begin to creep up. We obviously have to be a lot more careful there. And I think one of the topics that's starting to emerge more in these dialogues is, what are you doing to support the brands? Do you have innovation? Are we spending and get on marketing and promotion? And so as you think about our road map going forward, that's going to be an important overlay as well. But I think from where we sit today and things that we can see on the horizon, we feel very good about the position that we're in and how we're going to play through the balance of the year and move into '23. Of course, we'll give you more on that when we see you next quarter. But I think for where we are today, that's probably a good assessment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Guidance for annual sales growth implies – I’d say it's a fairly wide range of outcomes for your top line in the fourth quarter. So 2 questions on this, if I may. First, at the midpoint of that range, I think the implication is that your fourth quarter sales growth will be around 5% year-on-year. So just curious if that's a reasonable starting point to kind of think about modeling the quarter, understanding that much can still change. And then I guess, second, could you perhaps walk us through what some of the key puts and takes might be that would lead to either, I guess, the higher or lower end of that range as you see them today?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Well, I think first off, I just would say that from a Q3 standpoint, just to give you a little bit of a frame of reference, essentially, the quarter came in very consistent where we expected to be as it related to EPS. I think the composition in the quarter, we were a little stronger on top line and maybe a little more pressure on inflation in the middle of the P&L, but generally came in, in a profile that delivered more or less our expectations. I think as you think about what we've put out there for the balance of the year, it kind of lives into that framework or that perspective. And that's how we're anticipating Q4 to play out. I think you raised a good point, which is, all right, there is a range here. What would be the variables that drive the difference? And a lot of this, we think, really will come down to the ability and the speed at which we're going to continue to replenish the inventories that are in market. Demand and elasticity, we're leaving ourselves a little bit of flexibility there. We also want some room to be able to invest in the business as we continue to move through the quarter. The goal in mind is to try to exit the year with good momentum going into fiscal '23. But I think a lot of the variability that you see in that range will depend on just how quickly we recover in a couple of these areas on that top line. I think this kind of mid-single-digit area for kind of that midpoint for top line is a good place to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Maybe if I can just ask a follow-up to Ken's question. Kind of, Mark, similar to the bottom line, I think there's a pretty wide range of EPS outcomes as well. And I think you mentioned investment and leaving yourselves some room to invest in the business. But anything that would kind of drive the higher or lower end of that EPS range at the bottom? And then maybe, Mick, just thinking about the chart you have on core inflation, I guess as we think about it over the next few quarters, that's obviously going to have a pretty material step-up, it seems like in the fourth quarter. But then, does that rate of change going into the first half of next year kind of start to level off, wherever maybe, mid- high teens, low 20s? Just any color there would be helpful.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So on the bottom line guidance range, I do think it is linked pretty intrinsically with the top line. So as you move the top line to the higher ends of the range or the lower ends of the range, those tend to coincide pretty directly. So I see that as a little bit more perhaps of where the variability is. I think, again, to reinforce what I said before, I also think that as we've thought about this fourth quarter, we do want to see, as supply comes back in, as our distribution recovers, as we're on a much stronger footing for supply in general, part of this is returning the marketing and the promotion spending to the business so that we're able to continue to drive that strength of equity, especially in face of some of the pricing and elasticities that we're navigating. And so I think giving ourselves a little bit of room there is the smart play right now. And again, the goal in mind is to really try to leave the year in a very positive position as we move into '23. And then Mick, I'll let you answer the second one.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. No. And I think with regard to inflation, you obviously saw the uptick with regard to inflation between the second quarter and the third quarter. And particularly, that's also related to the fact that you have some of our contracts that are reset on a calendar year basis. And we spoke about that obviously in the past. So you see that we expect -- when I look kind of throughout the quarterly progression of inflation, as Mark mentioned earlier, we follow that very closely. And as a result, as Mark also described, one of the decisions that we made is the announcement of the wave 3 pricing, so in order to make sure that we continue to track and help offset as one of the different tools in our toolbox the inflation that we see coming.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And of course, that would anticipate that outlook into the first half of certainly of '23.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer from Evercore.
David Palmer: Just a general question. Maybe you can answer on behalf of the food space is something we're wrestling with that, when we look at consumer panel data, it looks like that the under $60,000 household income consumers drove outsized growth during COVID, seemingly at the expense of private label brands gaining share. And then, of course, fast food restaurants suffered during that time as well from a traffic perspective. And these lower to middle income consumers tended to skew younger as well, which could be good news because that's a lot of trial. I'm wondering if your consumer -- does your consumer data show this as well? And I'm wondering how you're feeling about repeat levels and are these plans to kind of keep these younger and lower-income consumers in the tent in your brands as perhaps mobility increases and private label becomes more available?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So a lot to unpack there, but a very important question. So what I would start with is just by saying to you that I think and I've said this consistently, and I'll give you a couple of real-time examples, is that our portfolio is very well positioned and resilient as it relates to challenging economic environments, however you might categorize that. And so a lot of times, what we -- the dynamic that we see is -- yes, let's take condensed soup as an example, where we are seeing and expected to see some pressure from private label, you also have significant migration of trading down into the category. So that the overall category growth rates are up pretty significantly. And volumes are holding up very well, even in the face of pricing that can be double digits so far that we've seen. I think what's been new about this or what's been a little bit more unique than maybe what we've seen in the past is where we're experiencing more of the trade down tends to be more in the baby boomer, a little bit older consumer that tends to be a bit more price sensitive. And we're picking up a lot of these new consumers as they are moving into the category. Another great example of that is Chunky. Chunky’s pricing is up mid-teens right now. And what we're learning is, although that seems like a lot of pricing, and it is, but for can of soup, it's still under $3 for a large part of the population trading down into the ready-to-serve soup category becomes a very economic move for them. And that's why on Chunky, we see right now, pricing mid-teens, consumption’s up 14 but units are still up 3%. And our volume was up 8% in the quarter. So you've got a very, very healthy dynamic that exists in several of our brands. And I'd say it's not far off for categories like Prego or Pasta sauce. And even on the snack side, it tends to be a little bit more in the -- I'd say, in the more indulgent spaces, like cookies and some of our salty snacks. But the elasticities have been very, very low. And historically speaking, those are categories that you tend to think of as discretionary, but tend to hold up very well. Remember, backstopping all of this discussion is an overarching migration from away from home into home and the idea that eating at home is one of the enablers to combat pressure as it relates to economic challenges. And so I think, look, it's complicated because every category and brand is a little different. And that's the way you've got to go at this. So it's not as simple as answering it in a broad stroke. But as we look at our portfolio, certainly, we feel very good about how we're positioned today as well as heading in to the environment ahead. And I think certainly, the evidence that we've seen so far is that there's probably even some more reasons to be encouraged than what we would have seen historically. And all of that is caveated with the appropriate amount of vigilance here to make sure that if we do find ourselves in a position where elasticities begin to really accelerate, that we've got the appropriate contingency plans and support plans to navigate through it. So again, there's not a really singular answer for it. But I do think as it relates to Campbell, we feel that we're positioned very well. But we'll, of course, continue to be highly aware of what's going on around us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: So I just had a quick clarification in terms of the shortage of materials. Can you just provide just more details around that? But my broader question is just on trapped costs. If you think about all the excess costs that you guys have incurred during COVID as a result of retailer penalties and just supply chain issues, can you just give us any context on the magnitude of those costs? And as kind of things normalize, I know this -- it might take some time for this to normalize. But as you think about these costs and the normalization, would that just drop to the bottom line? Or philosophically, would you say, look, we've got to build some capabilities to deal with future shocks like this, so maybe we should reinvest in relocalizing supply chains or diversifying our supplier base, what have you? Any thoughts on that would be helpful. .
Mark Clouse: Sure, Nik. That's great point. I think the first step for us was really -- let me answer the second one first and then I'll come back to the materials question. But I think the first step for us was to make sure that we had the appropriate labor and staffing to run our plants in their current configuration and current state. And so I think the team did an amazing job in a very difficult labor environment to recover on that front and to significantly improve retention. And it's a full kind of toolbox, full of things that were applied to get that job done. And I do think that's an area where we improved quicker than we had even expected. And that really enabled us to begin to get that service and distribution and start to replenish some inventory very quickly. Now with that in place, as we start to operate on a more steady state for the supply chain, it's now an opportunity to go after a lot of these areas of productivity. And some of it is -- I think it's coming from a couple of different areas. I think one of the areas is certainly looking back and saying, okay, where are the inefficiencies that we may have given up over the last year, and how do we build the right road maps to recover that? In many ways, I see that as the easier, the lower-hanging fruit to go after. And I do think you'll see a meaningful productivity profile as we go into the next year to support that. And then secondarily, I think we have not been standing still on capabilities throughout this whole process. And perhaps some of the challenges we faced were maybe biting off a few too many of those initiatives at the same time in the past. But now it's paying dividends, right? So now we have new capacity in place that's more efficient capacity. We've got capabilities where the entire company is on a singular system with SAP now. These are incredibly important aspects in your supply chain that enable you to build future productivity. And so that's why when we say, how do you feel about the inflation coming forward? Yes, pricing is certainly a pivotal component of it. But there are a lot of other variables. And in the end of the day, what we're really trying to do is, honestly, keep prices as reasonable as we possibly can, right? We know the pressure that consumers are feeling. And so the more that we can do on that productivity side, the better off we're going to be. And so the emphasis there and focus there is quite significant. And perhaps this quarter, more than anything else to me, was the proof point of being able to get back on both feet with the supply chain. That's such a critical step in creating the reasons to believe going forward. And I just feel like that's going to be an enabler for us to do a lot of things in the future. As it relates to material availability. So when we talked about supply chain challenges in the third quarter, I would really cut that into 2 buckets. One was the labor and just the network yield, right, the ability to produce out of our existing network enough product to match demand. For the most part, that we've now recovered on or we'll be recovering very shortly through the next months or so. On the other side of supply challenges is material availability. That is far more concentrated into a couple of specific places, probably most notably on both our Prego business as it relates to certain flankers or SKUs and our Beverage business in particular where we continue to really fight for aluminium cans. That continues to be one of the toughest materials to recover from. I don't think it's a endless stream, I think there is light at the end of the tunnel for those. But my guess is that those will probably take us into the better part of '23 to fully recover on those. And then, of course, there's always odds and ends here and there. And I think we've done a very good job of creating some flexibility in packaging and formulation to allow us to not necessarily be solely dependent on single sourcing. But I think at the end of the day, we've got a couple that will probably linger with us while the network more or less fully recovers.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on the progress you're making on loosening up the supply chain. I wanted to talk rather than the supply chain and costs, more on the investment side. The business had found itself in a fair amount of difficulties and problems in fiscal '18, which obviously led to a rebate in fiscal '19 to reinvest. You've kind of -- it looks like on the surface, you've now taken all that incremental investment and pulled it back out of the business. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, your marketing and selling expense is pretty much matching fiscal '18 despite underlying inflation. Mark, how do we get comfortable with this level of spend? What is the right level of spend? And should we be expecting another rebates to restore that and get your market share back in growth?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Good question, Jason. So let me first talk a little bit about where sit today. So as we think about the spending profile that we're at, so marketing and sales for the quarter was about 8.8%. And as you've heard me say before, I'm a lot more comfortable with that around 10% -- in the 9% to 10% range depending on a couple of variables relative to -- or innovation and other sources of investments. So there is no question that where we are today, we would want to move up from. I don't think it represents any kind of rebates like we would have experienced, because a lot of that was about repositioning, reframing a lot of categories that we were moving away from or shifting to. This is really about, in the broader scheme of things, the difference between that 8.8% and where we want to move to over time. I think what's important to note is the A&C retraction has really been singularly minded on where the supply is. This is not simply a tool to try to hit profitability. It was really designed to reflect where we just don't have -- didn't have the supply to support. And so shaping demand a bit through pulling back on some of that spending. As you think about or as we think about our future plans, we've contemplated that. And so as we see recovery in supply and supply chain, I would expect to see that number begin to move forward. And again, I don't think it has to be any type of big bang. But I think as we move from 8.8% up the ladder a bit, I think we can begin to do that. And you should expect to see that as part of the ongoing plan as we move forward. Of course, I think that will -- again, it will follow very closely as we recover fully in supply. We do have a robust innovation pipeline we talked about today. So we expect to fully support that. So I guess what I would say is, there's no question there's been a step back. I think really, again, related much more to supply than necessarily trying to target it for savings. But as we move forward, I think, in a very thoughtful and kind of pay-as-you-go mindset, we would expect to see that recovering over the next quarters and certainly into '23.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn it back over for some final closing comments.
Rebecca Gardy: Thank you so much for joining us today. I think as you saw in our press release earlier, we will be attending the Deutsche Bank conference next week. And if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me at Investor Relations. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-03-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is April, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Thank you. With that, I would like to hand the conference over to your host, Ms. Rebecca Gardy. Ms. Gardy, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Head of Investor Relations at Campbell Soup Company. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 of our presentation or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our second quarter performance, as well as in-market performance by division; Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2022. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2022. Before I turn to the results of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank all our teams, especially our frontline colleagues for navigating the impact on our operations during another difficult period of the pandemic. We are now at the two-year mark of working within this challenging COVID-19 environment, and I'm very proud of their perseverance, continued performance and dedication. I also want to take a moment to express our concern for the people of Ukraine. Our sympathies and support go out to them during this crisis. As we outlined during the Q1 earnings call and as you saw in our press release, Q2 was challenging as we expected, including industry-wide constraints on labor and materials availability made even tougher by the winter Omicron surge, as well as ongoing commodity and logistics inflation. However, more recently, labor and service levels are improving as COVID cases decline, and we see greater impact from our aggressive hiring and training. Since October, our full-time filled headcount increased by 10 points, and we now see absenteeism and vacancy rates trending back to normal levels. This is translating to more production and the beginning of a return to normal distribution and inventory levels. We do continue to expect inflation to remain persistent, especially as it relates to logistics. And although we have no direct exposure to Ukraine and Russia, we are monitoring any broader economic impact from the current crisis, especially on commodities. As we look forward and including the balance of these factors, combined with the greater impact from pricing actions, easing prior year comparisons and continued strong demand across our portfolio, we remain confident in reiterating our previously communicated full year fiscal 2022 guidance. We look forward to returning the business to growth while building momentum in the back half and exiting the year a more capable and stronger business. Now, let's cover some specifics from Q2. Organic net sales were down 2%, primarily driven by industry-wide labor and supply challenges more than offsetting the favorable impact of net pricing in the quarter. On a two-year basis, organic net sales remained elevated, growing 3%. And market performance remained positive, up 1%. This was 3 points ahead of net sales in the quarter, reflecting a lag in inventory replenishment and lower distribution levels due to previously mentioned supply constraints. The end-market demand was balanced across both divisions. On a two-year basis, consumption grew 9%. And importantly, our brands in 12 of our 13 core categories continued to grow in market consumption. Despite this growth, as expected, we experienced short-term market pressure on certain brands. These share losses tend to line up very closely with where our distribution levels are down. Supporting supply is the key driver of this pressure. As we recover distribution and can fully support our portfolio, we expect to return to share recovery as we move through the second half of the fiscal year. Turning to profit, lower volume and accelerating inflation weighed on margins and earnings, resulting in a 17% decline in adjusted EBIT and a 16% decline in adjusted EPS in the quarter, both very much in line with our expectations. Turning to our Meals & Beverages division, I continue to be pleased by the underlying health and strength of demand for our portfolio. Consumption grew 1% over prior year and was up 11% versus two years ago despite our supply challenges. Organic net sales decreased 2% versus prior year, lapping 5% growth in the prior year. Turning to Soups on Slide 9, the next chapter of our Win in Soup strategy continues to deliver growth. End-market soup consumption continued to be ahead of the elevated levels in the prior year, increasing 3% versus prior year and 10% compared to two years ago. In the quarter, we continued to see strong share performance on key brands, but as expected, we did see pockets of share declines. In particular, on Condensed Soup, we continue to remain very confident in our overall competitive position. However, we experienced some share pressure as private label lapped an extended period of supply constraints. As you see on Slide 10, we had continued success with younger buyers. We performed very well and brought in additional millennial and Gen Z buyers to both our condensed eating and cooking varieties in the second quarter. On total U.S. Soup, household penetration in the quarter was up versus both the prior year and two years ago. And importantly, we continue to see more consumers participating in the soup category and purchasing our soup brands compared to pre-pandemic levels. While dollars spent per buyer increased due to our pricing actions, volume per buyer remained relatively stable to pre-pandemic levels, despite specific supply constraints in the quarter. For the important holiday period, our soup and broth posted its second largest holiday in the last five years, only down compared to last year as consumers return to fewer, larger gatherings during this holiday season. In ready-to-serve, Chunky had a very strong quarter, increasing consumption 9% on top of the 13% growth in the prior year quarter leading to an astounding 25% consumption growth and over 2 points of share growth on a two-year basis. As we shared at Investor Day, lunch is a key occasion for this brand, and people are now eating even more low-prep lunches compared to prior year. Our focus on the lunch occasion highlighted through a successful advertising campaign, Lunch Time Is Your Halftime with Super Bowl winning coach from the Rams, Sean McVay, is driving a positive sales lift, including among younger households. Also, our latest innovation, Chunky Spicy, which we are expanding, is adding to the strong results of this important brand. In fact, Chunky Spicy Chicken Noodle launched earlier this year is already in the second quartile of all ready-to-serve items with strong trial and repeat. Turning to Swanson Broth and Stock. The continued supply recovery led to a fourth consecutive quarter of share growth, up 1.2 points in the quarter, a clear win during the important holiday season and a good example of where supply recovery directly translated to share recovery. On sauces, Prego continues to be the number one share leader. However, some supply challenges on our Prego Alfredo sauce put pressure on share. We expect a steady recovery of supply beginning in the fourth quarter. Pace share continues to improve, while V8 beverage experienced some share loss in the quarter due to high single-digit declines in total points of distribution, or TDPs, compared to prior year driven by material shortages, especially aluminum cans. Turning to our Snacks division on Slide 12. Organic net sales were down 3% versus prior year, but compared to two years ago, grew 3%. On snacks, we expected a significant impact from supply constraints we experienced. Despite these constraints, end market consumption grew 1% over the prior year quarter and 8% on a two-year basis, reflecting the underlying strength of our brands, especially our power brands. In fact, our Snacks power brands continue to fuel performance with end-market consumption growth of 3% versus the prior year and 9% compared to two years ago, reflecting our efforts to prioritize power brands and to remain competitive. We are encouraged to see repeat rates ahead of prior year on seven of eight power brands and ahead on a two-year basis on all power brands. Particular standouts were our Kettle brand potato chips and Cape Cod potato chips, where we have successfully added capacity. Each had a strong quarter with consumption growth of 26% and 20% compared to two years ago, and share growth of almost two share points combined. Turning to Goldfish, also an area of significant capacity expansion and supply recovery, we performed well in the quarter, holding share in a competitive marketplace and growing consumption by 9%. As we outlined at Investor Day, we recently launched our Goldfish Mega Bites, a bigger, bolder, cheesier Goldfish cracker, and our Family Size Goldfish aimed at meeting key consumer trends. Both are off to strong starts. We are executing our plan to elevate innovation based on consumer insights, resulting in bigger, more impactful ideas. Since the launch in January, Mega Bites achieved the fastest distribution growth in recent history of Goldfish innovation launches. Early consumer repeat rates are promising as consumers who purchased once are already coming back to buy again. We launched in January with a highly impactful PR and social campaign. And within its first week alone, Mega Bites achieved over 1 billion earned media impressions. The full activation will run through the summer, and I have to say it feels good to return to what we do best, building our brands. This is an important proof point as we pivot from supply recovery to now running the business in what we believe will be more predictable conditions as we come through the rest of the fiscal year and into fiscal 2023. Lastly on Goldfish, continuing our successful limited time offer strategy, we're excited about the launch of the limited edition Star Wars The Mandalorian Cheddar Crackers. We have another limited time offer Goldfish release planned for the early summer, including another surprising one-of-a-kind flavor collaboration. As we mentioned last quarter, we expected short-term share headwinds due to supply constraints on certain snack brands, specifically, in Late July snacks, Snyder's of Hanover Pretzels and Lance sandwich crackers. Similar to supply pressures on meals and beverages, share pressure aligned with lower TDPs in the quarter compared to prior year. We have taken actions to improve overall performance, including core SKU prioritization efforts to increase production while reducing complexity, as well as prioritizing plant labor recruiting, training and retention. We feel confident these share headwinds are temporary as we've already seen strong improvement in our labor and production levels. As a result, we will return to our planned levels of investment through the back half of the fiscal year and expect to be fully back on track for what our snack brands do best, growing consumption and share. To conclude, we expected Q2 to be tough as we navigated challenges and lapped strong performance from a year ago, and it was. We also expect stronger year-over-year performance in the second half of the fiscal year as we lap easier prior year comparables. In addition, we are in an improving position to meet our strong brand demand throughout the balance of the year as our staffing levels and vacancy rates are improving, with nearly 3,500 new hires in the last seven months. Also in the second half, through the combination of our most recent pricing actions, our continued supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, we will be better positioned to help offset ongoing inflationary pressure. We will remain nimble and use our full range of tools to offset additional inflation as needed, including potential further pricing actions where appropriate. Accordingly, we expect meaningful improvement and recovery in margins, profit and EPS in the balance of the year. And we remain confident in our plans and full year outlook. Before I turn it over to Mick, I'd like to share a change to my leadership team. First, I'd like to take a moment to thank Bob Furbee, our Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain Officer, who will be retiring after nearly 40 years with Campbell. Bob has had a remarkable career at Campbell and has been a key part of our transformation. We are deeply grateful for his contributions and wish him the best in his retirement. As we announced in January, our incoming Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer, Dan Poland, is working to drive operational excellence across our network. He brings extensive experience at all levels of the CPG supply chain, and has a track record of building high-performing teams, delivering exceptional product quality and driving execution, which will be invaluable as we continue to deliver growth, while also navigating one of the most dynamic and challenging supply chain environments. With that, I'll turn it over to Mick.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter fiscal 2022 results are generally consistent with our expectations, despite industry-wide inflation and supply constraints. As you heard Mark describe earlier, strong demand for our portfolio of brands continued in the second quarter. However, higher-than-expected supply chain volatility resulted in lower service levels. Additionally, as expected accelerating core inflation in the quarter pressured margins. We continue to feel good about our initiatives to mitigate inflation, which include price increases, trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. Our cash generation remains strong, with cash flow from operations of $766 million through the first half. Additionally, in line with our commitment to return value to shareholders, year-to-date, we have returned nearly $300 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our first half performance and improving second half outlook including inflation mitigation actions, and continued strong consumer demand despite a tight, but improving labor market, give us confidence in reaffirming our full year guidance. Turning to Slide 19, organic net sales declined 2% in the quarter, lapping 5% growth in the prior year. The year-over-year volume decline due to industry-wide labor and supply challenges more than offset the favorable impact of net pricing in the quarter. Consumer demand remained strong, with second quarter dollar consumption in measured channels, three points above our total organic net sales performance. Relative to the second quarter of 2020, organic net sales grew 3%. Adjusted EBIT decreased 17% compared to the prior year quarter, and was 12% lower on a two-year basis, due to significant levels of inflation on ingredients and packaging, transportation, and labor. Remember that, our Wave 2 pricing will not be fully reflected until the third quarter. Adjusted EBIT margin declined by 240 basis points to 14.4%, compared to 16.8% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations decreased $0.13 or 16% versus prior year quarter, and was 4% lower on a two-year basis to $0.69 per share. Year-to-date organic net sales declined 3% lapping 7% growth in the prior year period, resulting in 4% growth on a two-year basis. Adjusted EBIT decreased 16% compared to prior year, and was down 6% on a two-year basis, given significant inflation. Year-to-date, adjusted EPS decreased 13%, which grew 6% on the two-year basis as a result of deleveraging. On the next slide, I'll break down our net sales performance for the second quarter. As I mentioned, the industry-wide labor and supply challenges held back our ability to meet the continued strong demand. Organic net sales decreased 2% during the quarter, driven by an 8-points volume and mix headwind, which reflects the supply constraints. Favorable price and sales allowances drove a 5-point again in the quarter and lower promotional spending in the quarter drove a 1 point gain. The impact of the sale of Plum subtracted 1 point. All-in, our reported net sales declined 3% from the prior year. Turning to Slide 22. Our second quarter adjusted gross margin decreased by 340 basis points from 33.8% last year to 30.4% this year. Volume/mix had a negative impact of approximately 170 basis points on gross margin, largely due to reduced operating leverage. Net price realization drove a 480 basis point improvement due to the benefits of our pricing actions, as well as lower promotional spending due to supply constraints. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 820 basis points, with nearly 3/4 of the decline driven by core inflation, as overall input costs on a rate basis increased by approximately 9%. Along with other industry participants, we experienced significant inflation across all input cost categories, including ingredients and packaging, transportation and labor. The remaining decline was driven by increases in other operational costs, due in part to supply chain disruptions. That said, our ongoing supply chain productivity program, contributed a 140 basis points to gross margin, partially offsetting these inflationary headwinds. Our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 30 basis points to our gross margin. The previously described initiatives to mitigate inflation, highlighted on the next page, include price increases and trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. We remain focused on inflation mitigation, as we now expect core inflation for the year to be low double digit, up from previously expected high single digits, with a more pronounced impact in the second half of fiscal 2022. Wave two pricing was effective at the end of the second quarter and will be fully reflected in the third quarter. And although for the second half of the fiscal year, we have a large proportion of our raw materials covered, from a pricing perspective, as Mark previously mentioned, we continue to closely monitor any economic impact from the current crisis in Ukraine. Moving to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings initiative. This quarter, we achieved $50 million in incremental year-over-year savings, bringing program-to-date savings to $835 million, and we remain on track to deliver total savings of $1 billion by the end of fiscal 2025, as we shared during our Investor Day. Moving on to other operating items, marketing and selling expenses decreased $35 million or 15% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This decrease was largely driven by lower advertising and consumer promotion expense, or A&C. Although, A&C declined 27% as investment was moderated to reflect supply pressure, we expect it to normalize as supply strengthened throughout the year. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented 8.9% of net sales during the quarter, a 130 basis point decrease compared to last year. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased $8 million or 5% due to benefits from cost savings initiatives and lower benefits-related costs. Adjusted administrative expenses represented 6.5% of net sales during the quarter, a 20 basis point decrease compared to last year. On Slide 26, we are providing a total company adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT declined 17% as the sales volume decline and the 340 basis point adjusted gross margin contraction resulted in a $70 million and $29 million EBIT headwind, respectively. Partially offsetting this was lower marketing and selling expenses, contributing 130 basis points to our adjusted EBIT margin. Lower adjusted administrative and higher R&D expenses had a neutral impact and lower adjusted other income had a 30 basis point negative impact. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased year-over-year by 240 basis points to 14.4%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items, a $0.16 impact of lower adjusted EBIT was partially offset by a $0.02 favorable impact from lower interest expense, a $0.01 impact of lower adjusted taxes and $0.01 impact from the benefit of lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding. This resulted in adjusted EPS of $0.69, which was down $0.13 per share or 16% compared to the prior year. Turning to the segments, in meals and beverages, organic net sales which exclude the impact from the sale of plum baby food and snacks business declined 2%, driven by declines in US Retail, including US Soup and Campbell's Pasta, as well as in Canada, largely offset by gains in foodservice. Volume declined due to supply constraints driven by labor and materials availability. Price and sales allowances were favorable in the quarter, partially offset by increased promotional spending relative to moderated levels in the prior year quarter. Sales of US Soup decreased 1%, cycling a 10% increase in the prior year quarter due to declines in condensed soup, partially offset by gains in ready-to-serve soups and broth. Segment operating earnings in the quarter decreased 19%. The decrease was primarily due to sales volume declines and lower gross margin performance, partially largely offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Gross margin performance was impacted by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs, unfavorable volume/mix, which was largely due to reduced operating leverage as well as higher levels of promotional spending, partially offset by the benefits of pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvement. Overall, within our meals and beverages division, the second quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 320 basis points to 16.7%. Within Snacks, organic net sales decreased 3%, while sales of Power Brands were up 1%. Segment sales decreased due to declines in non-core businesses and in certain salty snacks, primarily Late July snacks, partially offset by gains in Goldfish crackers. Overall, favorable price and sales allowances and lower promotional spending were more than offset by volume declines, driven by significant supply constraints due to labor. Segment operating earnings in the quarter decreased 14%, driven by sales volume declines and increased administrative expenses, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Increased pricing and lower promotional activity, combined with the results of our productivity and cost savings initiatives largely offset core inflation, higher other supply chain costs and unfavorable volume/mix, which was largely due to reduced operating leverage. Overall, within our Snacks division, second quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 160 basis points to 13%. I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2022 cash flow from operations increased from $611 million in the prior year to $766 million, primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings. Our year-to-date cash outflows for investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $129 million, which was comparable to prior year. Given the challenging operating environment, we are now forecasting full year capital expenditures of approximately $275 million for fiscal 2022. Our year-to-date cash outflows for financing activities were $352 million, the vast majority of which are $293 million represented the return of capital to our shareholders, including $228 million of dividends and $65 million of share repurchases. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $475 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program. We also have a $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program, of which approximately $174 million was remaining. We ended the second quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $357 million. Turning to Slide 31. We continue to expect full year fiscal 2022 net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS performance to be consistent with the guidance we provided during our first quarter earnings call. Our full year guidance reflects expected continued strong demand for the balance of the year with steady supply recovery and improved service levels, particularly in the fourth quarter as labor recovers. We have seen consistent improvements in labor attraction and retention driven through the recent recruiting actions and wage increases. However, core inflation is now expected to be low double digits for the full year. Wave 2 pricing will be fully reflected in the third quarter, and we expect to continue managing inflationary headwinds through pricing, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. We expect these actions and improved labor outlook and easier prior year comparisons to result in margin progress and earnings recovery in the second half. For the full year, we expect organic net sales to be minus 1% to plus 1%, adjusted EBIT of minus 4.5% to minus 1.5%, and adjusted EPS of minus 4% to flat versus the adjusted fiscal 2021 results. The sale of Plum is estimated to have an impact of one percentage point on fiscal 2022 net sales. This implies for the second half net sales growth of low to mid-single digits and double-digit growth in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Overall, our first half was generally aligned with our expectations, thanks to all the hard work by our teams. I'm truly grateful for their continued dedication and commitment. I will now turn it back to Mark for closing comments. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. To conclude, although we fully recognize the volatile nature of the environment we remain in, we continue to deploy more of our time and resources to future plans, growth and supporting the full potential of our business. As we outlined at our recent Investor Day, we believe we have an advantaged portfolio and position going forward, and we are excited that in the second half of this fiscal year will begin to transition from defense to offense after this unprecedented period. And I could not be more confident in our team, brands and Campbell's value creation potential. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning. Thanks very much for the question.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. I guess I'd start with Mark, with more gross margin pressure in fiscal 2Q, now higher forecast for low double-digit inflation for the full year. It would seem that Campbell is leaning on greater SG&A leverage to sort of deliver the year. So would you say this is a fair characterization? And if so, how do you balance lower A&C spend, right, in light of the supply constraints we've talked about to sort of hit guidance with the opportunity maybe to lean in even harder or spend more on consumer outreach to retain as many new households as you can heading into really it's about fiscal 2023 and 2024, and as you said, kind of playing offense, if you will. Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So the short answer is, Andrew, we actually see the back half where the opportunity really resides to be more in the gross margin space. And there's a couple of reasons why. First, I'll just say from a Q2 standpoint, although a little more pressure on the top line as we went through Omicron in January and saw labor even tougher than what we had expected. From a margin standpoint and profitability standpoint, we were generally in line with what our expectation was. And so as we look into the back half of the year, certainly, we're not expecting inflation to subside. But what we do believe is that with the combination of the full impact of the -- of the second wave of pricing, along with the fact that we're going to be lapping pretty significant declines from a year ago. In fact, they're in the 300 to 400 basis point range as a comparison. And then the recovery that we expect on the supply side, which drives a host of efficiencies, as well as our underlying productivity and cost savings initiatives, we feel like we're in a much better position with many of the variables pointed in the right direction, even though you'll still have inflation is a significant variable. And so underpinning those assumptions is a fairly consistent level of costs as it relates to SG&A in total and our marketing and selling in particular, where we have been a bit below or under a year ago over these last couple of quarters, we expect it to be more in line and more consistent with where ultimately we would want to get. I still think probably a bit of management of that through the third quarter and into the balance of the year. But generally, is a good rule of thumb. We want to be around 10% of net sales. We've been hovering around closer to 8% to 9%. I think you'll see us closer to 9% to 10% as we go through the back half of the year. So our ability to invest behind the recovery of supply, given the room that we -- that we believe will have relative to the pricing as well as the comps gives us a lot of confidence, and the ability to drive a positive back half and stay generally on track with where we're -- where we expected to be at the turn here and this moment that we expected to be in where we begin to transition from lapping a lot tougher comparables, a lot higher starting points to a period where we can return to positive momentum, which is really something that we're excited to get to. But also I think a good way to kind of build momentum is we exit the year.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hey. Thank you. I'm curious to what degree your guidance factors, the recent rise in costs for things like transportation, fuel and energy. Are these the main drivers behind your decision to raise your expectation for core inflation? I guess, I'm asking, because you said, you're still monitoring the situation in Ukraine. I wasn't sure if that indicated you were seeing -- note on these items or how do I think about that?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, no, so there's a couple of things in there that are probably good to talk about. First, let me start with kind of the pre-Ukraine/Russia challenges. And I think what -- as you know, at this point in the year, we're fairly well covered. So we're roughly 95% of our costs, about 90% in particular on commodities. But that still does leave some variability as it relates to logistics and added pressure that we've seen relative to fuel that has been aggravated a bit more as we've gone into this latest conflict, and crisis in the Ukraine. So I think that, where we see those variables are generally contemplated in our numbers. As it relates particularly to Ukraine and Russia, first is, I'd be remiss not to just say again, our hearts go out to the folks that are dealing with this conflict, it's an unbelievable circumstance to be in. But I think from a business standpoint, what I would just say is that from a direct operation or impact, we have no sales, we have no direct sourcing, we have really no specific business. Of course, the question then becomes the macroeconomic impact of the conflict. And as we look at 2022, we've got about 90% of our commodities covered, which leaves us about $150 million in cost that we're still navigating through. And as we look at the variability as it relates to what of that is really residing within things like wheat that could be impacted or certain metals or packaging that could be part of that as you look a little more broadly at costs, and then, of course, on energy and oil, we believe that we've created a space within the plan to contemplate that. And then, of course, as we talk about going forward into 2023 there's a lot of variables there that will come into play, and we'll talk more about that in the future. But I think we have -- again, in the world that we live in today, I would never presume that we can see every variable possible as that certainly prove in the last couple of years to be tough to do. But I think relative to all the inputs we have today, I think we've got a fairly good contemplation of that. And even where we see some potential variability, we've tried to build that into the contingency planning and/or just within the range that we've got relative to the guidance. Mick, anything to add to that?
Mick Beekhuizen: No, I think, you got it. I think, the -- as we've mentioned in the past, think about kind of ingredients and pack being, give or take, 50% of our overall cost of goods. So then to Mark's earlier point, kind of take the, call it, 95% of debt is currently covered, and then you get close to that $150 million that Mark mentioned. And then on the logistics, transportation, it's obviously a combination of both, availability which drives price, as well as the overall fuel market that we're monitoring very closely, and we got some coverage on that as well. So, generally, of course, with where we're at, we got still half the year to go, but we feel relatively comfortable with where we're at. That being said, the piece that's uncovered, we're obviously monitoring very closely and managing.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. Can I ask you a quick follow-up, Mick? Historically, has Campbell generally bought ahead for the items of can, ingredients and packaging throughout the year, at somewhat consistent levels from quarter-to-quarter? Or, historically, has it tended to lock in a significant amount at the end of the fiscal year with less purchasing at other times? And, I guess, I'm talking everything other than cans, of course, which I think we have a good sense of.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. We tend to have a pretty steady coverage model. So I think our history on this is to try to generate predictability more than it is to necessarily try to win the commodity guessing market. And I think that consistency has been fairly in line as you look at our coverage position. Certainly, there is some variability depending to the exact market we're in. But generally speaking, our quarterly coverage for the year, the rolling forward coverage is pretty consistent.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just a follow-up on the questions around margin. You have, obviously, accelerating pricing coming through, you have inflation accelerating at the same time. I'm just curious about elasticity like one other element of that equation, and it's hard to assess it at this point. It seems like its very low overall for the industry, and it has been for many of your products. Do you do that accelerating through the year as you take more pricing? And just be curious what you're seeing there right now.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean, it's -- so a couple of things that we're watching through and then I'll tell you what we've kind of planned for the balance of the year. But as you point out, early on and certainly through the first wave of pricing, we've not seen a lot in the way of elasticity. Although, I will say that as we have navigated some of these supply challenges, it's a little bit harder to gauge as we've been essentially shipping to what we've been making regardless. So I do think we want to continue to watch that very closely. But as we plan the balance of the year, what we've assumed is that elasticities do go up and that there is some incremental impact from what we would have seen in our first wave of pricing, in our second wave of pricing, although historical levels, we think we'll still be below, given the breadth of inflation that is being experienced across the industry. So, we're not taking necessarily the full level of elasticity, but we are assuming a step-up from what we've experienced. And I think, again, as I've said from the get-go on this, our goal here is obviously to manage appropriately the cost, but also to make sure that we're keeping price gaps and that as we return to full supply and support that we've got the right balancing act as it relates to shares and protecting our equities and our brands as we realize that we've spent a couple of solid years building that. The last thing we want to do is undermine that with unreasonable pricing. And so I think everything that we're doing up to this point generally is consistent and aligned with the marketplace, and we would expect that to elasticity as the year unfolds. And if we're wrong, and it's better than that, then I think that will just create opportunity for us as we go through the balance of the year. But I think a prudent position and one that generally is informed by just kind of, I'd say, at this point, where we are on absolute pricing, which is not insignificant on some of our categories.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just a quick follow-on. You talked about the fourth quarter being a period where you're going to have a better supply situation for the business. Is that the quarter then where you are that a quarter where you likely ship ahead of consumption? And if you -- is there a rough approximation of how much inventory you need to build or like to build into the market to try to have better inventory availability in the store?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think the good news is I don't think we'll be waiting fully to fourth quarter to see some of that replenishment. As we pointed out, we were a little lighter in Q2 on topline than we expected. I actually think that we'll see some more recovery of that earlier on in the third quarter. And then really, I do think, though, the fourth quarter is a period where we would expect to be more fully back in business, if you broader range of the full portfolio. I think you'll see TDP levels coming back in the normal ranges. I think you'll see our support both from a marketing and trade standpoint, kind of at a sustainable ongoing level. That's the game plan. And so I think we'll probably be ahead, notwithstanding what exactly demand will look like in Q3. But I think relative to what we expect, probably a bit ahead in Q3 and probably a bit more in Q4.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. This is Philippe [indiscernible] on for Nik. Hey. So, you mentioned strong underlying trends from a consumption base I just wanted to check on your assumptions for household penetration trends in the balance of the year as the economy reopens and we are starting to see restaurant reservation and restaurant trends to improve. I guess, what are you assuming for penetration in the second half of the year?
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think as now kind of navigated this up and down period, where okay we're kind of into a new normal and then a surge comes back in January and this kind of up and down. As we project out, I think we've got a fairly good base of time now where we can see periods where there were less constraints and what does that mean relative to periods that are more COVID driven or influenced in. So I think our assumptions as we think about the back half of the year, and remember, the added factor of our ability to more fully supply, because our issues, if you will, relative to being able to fully meet demand were present in the back half of last year, especially on certain brands like Late July or a few of the other areas where we've struggled a bit more on labor and had real challenges, kind of, getting to that full capacity that we need. So the combination of those elements together, along with returning support level, we think we're going to hold very well on demand. And even if there is a return to this more balance between away-from-home and in-home, we think the combination of what we're doing, as well as what we expect that baseline to remain at, which although may come down a bit from what we would have experienced in January, we think not necessarily inconsistent with what we might have seen in the summer of last year and some other periods that looked a little bit more consistent to what we expect the back half to be. So I think you're going to have a little bit of normalization there, offset by improved supply and support. And that, I think, in general, is what's leading us to see a better overall top line. And remember too, not unlike the margin conversation, the first half of this year, we were still lapping significant elevated levels when we get to the -- from COVID the original, kind of, COVID period. When you get to the second half of this year, we begin to lap the declines or the reduction that already occurred in the back half of last year. So your comps on both margin and on top line are much better as we're in the back half of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. And then on innovation, you mentioned a strong start to Mega Bites in Goldfish. Just if you can expand on, like, general expectation for innovation this year. And then particularly for Goldfish Mega Bites, are you trying to expand the demographic profile of the brand with innovation, and what are the early trends from a consumer standpoint?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So it's a -- so let me answer the question in a little bit of a different way to start it, and then I'll specifically get into it. I think what's really important and what I would imagine that a lot of investors are going to be interested in seeing is what the recovery model looks like as we come back into full supply. And what I like about our Goldfish and our Kettle and Cape Cod on our Snacks business, as well as our Chunky business on our Meals & Beverage, those are all great examples of where we have invested in capacity. We're back fully into supply. And with that came the full level of support. We protected marketing on those businesses, we added innovation, whether it was Mega Bites on Goldfish or Family Size on Goldfish, which was some of the new price pack architecture that we were creating, whether it was some of the new pack sizes on Kettle and Cape Cod, or it was flavor innovation on spicy for Chunky with a full very, very robust marketing campaign. All three of those businesses are great examples of what we expect to see as we come back fully on other brands along the way. And I think that with that comes the opportunity to unlock innovation. And so as we think about the balance of the year, our innovation levels on our snacking business are going to be up significantly from a year ago and where it would have been, talk about it in terms of kind of three-year rolling contribution as a percent of revenue. So last year, we would have been in the 1% to 2% range. This year, we'll add about a full point of contribution from innovation in snacking; Meals & Beverage on a similar level with the combination of what we're doing on our Chunky business, but also some of the innovation that we have on the restage and relaunch of Well Yes!, which is another component of soup that's going very well. And I would encourage you to look at when you look at shares within soup, look at some of those core brands on how well they're doing because I think it is a little bit of us selecting where we're placing the bets right now as we navigate some of these supply challenges. But at the end of the day, I think the idea is that we should see momentum building on innovation. We've got a great start on the brands that are already back in the profile that we want, and we would expect the others to follow as we go through the balance of this year and then into 2023, of course, where we expect to be back kind of fully loaded across the portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you, guys. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Galbo, Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hey, Mark, and Mick. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Peter.
Mick Beekhuizen: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Mark, I guess I just want to go back to your comments around the puts and takes on some of the ag commodities beyond where you're hedged for this year. And I guess, as I read through kind of what you're saying, it's, hey, we're going to get material improvement or improvement in the gross margin line in the back half of this year, but once some of these ag commodities, hedges roll off or coverage rolls off, maybe you could see that back down in the front half of next year if we -- and some of these other, again, ags kind of stay up here. I wanted to see if I was kind of understanding that comment. And then with that, if that is the case, just your potential to take a third wave of pricing and how you're thinking about that? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a great question and one that is an area where we're spending a great deal of time right now, which is recognizing kind of covered, uncovered positions as we go into next year. It's a little early to start to talk about 2023 as far as how we see inflation and the puts and takes. Remember, you also have full kind of impact of the rollover of the pricing that we're taking now, as well as some of the added benefits, I think, of a supply chain that's operating in a far more consistent and kind of fully loaded way, which will be very beneficial to us. But I think you're right, and I think that indicates also to us that we are absolutely not ruling out any additional pricing that may need to happen. And I think in the spirit of what we've kind of learned to date, we're looking at that right now, and understanding where and what and the surgical nature of how to digest a little bit of what we're seeing right now. Again, I would just caution there's a lot of volatility in certain commodities as it relates to Ukraine and Russia. I think we need a little bit more stability of time to know what the underlying availability investment pricing looks like. But there's no doubt there's going to be pressure that's associated with that. And so I absolutely would not rule that out. I think, again, as you make each step in pricing, I think the need to be even more strategic, more surgical in nature, really tying it directly to where commodity pressure could reside, I think is areas we're going to continue to explore. And that may mean that even in this -- or in this fiscal year that we've got to look at more pricing in a way to position kind of the back end of this year as well as into next year.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much, Mark. That's really helpful. I’ll pass it on.
Mark Clouse: Okay.
Operator: And your next question is from David Palmer with Evercore.
David Palmer: Thanks. Thanks for your comments earlier on shipments versus consumptions. I wanted to maybe get a sense from you about what's going on behind the scenes there, what's helping going into fiscal 2H. Is it your own staffing levels it's freight or co-packers? Any detail would be interesting and helpful.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So the overwhelming dominant improvement is in labor. If you remember back in the first quarter, we had anticipated a trajectory of recovery that was really through the second quarter into the back half and what occurred in December and January with Omicron just kind of delayed it. I think what's good news about what we've experienced is that, although that kind of came fast and furiously into the quarter, it also subsided a lot faster than we'd seen prior iterations of pressure. And so it allowed us to get back on track. And as I said a couple of times throughout the quarter, the fact that we had hired as many new folks as we had allowed us, I think, to weather the storm a little bit better and get us in a position in the back half. But just to put it in context, we were running -- if you combine absenteeism and vacancy rates, we were running low double-digit percent of GAAP relative to that. And if you look at where we are now, historically, we tend to be around 3% to 4%, and we're at about 4% right now. And so that has been the single biggest movement, if you will, in improving our production levels relative to meeting demand and meeting expectations. So that's first and foremost. I think the other thing is that, we are really working hard on continuing to add capacity. One of the things that's really interesting is if you look at the last 24 months, and I would say this has been a little slower than I would have liked. But if you look at the last 24 months, we've added almost 8% of capacity to our network. And in particular, you see that manifesting on brands like Goldfish, like our Kettle potato chip business, where you're seeing the benefit of that added capacity. So those two areas, right, and we have that coming as it relates to tortilla chips as it relates to cookies. These are areas that we're also experiencing sandwich crackers on Lance, which has another been a challenging area. So I think the combination of those two things together are what's really giving us the better confidence. And again, throughout this process, our overall execution has actually been very good relative to what we might have experienced a year ago or in prior levels. And I only expect that, get better as we continue to focus on that as a really core capability. We continue to add resources. This is a specific area of expertise for Dan Poland, who I mentioned earlier is joining the company, very, very good at driving standardization and operational excellence across the network. In particular, in our Snyder's-Lance facilities, that is a network that really we see the biggest opportunity in elevating that level of consistency and performance. And so, with that set of tools, along with kind of the structural improvement of labor and capacity, it's why we feel as good as we do about that recovery. So, hopefully, that helps give you a little bit of color, but it's a great question and one that we think is really paramount to the believability of the second half recovery and why we see it as a more likely outcome that it might look like on paper.
David Palmer: That’s -- that is helpful. And just a small follow-up on that is, if you -- retailer inventory, where would you say that is versus history -- and I think you were alluding to maybe being -- having shipments above consumption in fiscal 4Q. I don't know if I picked that up correctly.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
David Palmer: Yes. And -- 
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, I -- yes, I -- we're low, is what I would say. I mean, obviously, it depends a little bit on the category that you're speaking to, but I would tell you, versus our historical position, in particular, given the pressure that we experienced in January. And again, I will say that we are already seeing some recovery in that as we go forward. But the reality is, I think on many of our businesses, and you see it again like, I think, a great proxy for people to watch the development of our supply and availabilities is through TDPs, which almost to the item, if you will, or to the brand winds up with the share challenges and the percent loss in distribution. And conversely, where you see that beginning to recover is where you see the return to kind of more normal levels of share growth and performance. And so, I think, as you see that recover, come back into full inventory, the combination of those things together are going to be a nice tailwind for us to give you a little bit greater confidence that we're going to be in that positive territory. And I think, as I said before, I think it will take us likely through till Q4 until you're kind of more fully loaded, if you will, across the board. But I do think you're going to see recovery in Q3 and likely opportunity to shift perhaps ahead of consumption even as early as parts of Q3.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: We have now reached the allotted time for questions today. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-12-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is April, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Campbell Soup First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Thank you. With that, I would like to hand the conference over to your host, Ms. Becca Gardy. Ms. Gardy, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning. And welcome to Campbell's first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Head of Investor Relations at Campbell Soup Company. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide three or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. As stated in the release from this quarter onwards, adjusted net earnings will exclude unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges until such time that the related exposure impacts operating results. Accordingly, fiscal 2021 adjusted results and guidance for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth rates reflect this change. Also beginning this fiscal year, the foodservice and Canadian business formerly included in the snack segment is now managed as part of the Meals & Beverages segment. Segment results have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this change. For additional information on these updates, please refer to today's Form 8-K. On slide four, you'll see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our first quarter performance as well as in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and then review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2022. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning. And welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2022. As you saw in our press release, we reported solid performance in the quarter, especially when compared to the significant growth in the prior year and considering the rapidly evolving macro environment in which we currently operate. Organic net sales were down 4% for the quarter, driven by the expected lapping of prior year retailer inventory replenishment, as well as constrained supply in the current quarter. We were, however, up 5% versus fiscal 2020 and consumption was up 2% versus prior year and up 9% versus 2 years ago, signaling strong persistent consumer demand. This dynamic resulted in a six point difference in net sales versus consumption in measured channels, a relationship we do not expect to continue through the remainder of the year. Like many of our competitors and customers, we face supply chain pressures, particularly around labor constraints and transportation capacity, and our net sales results reflect those pressures. I am very proud of how our teams navigated costs related to this volatility. Their strong execution, combined with effective pricing actions across both segments led to adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS results consistent with our expectations and in line or ahead of 2 years ago. On slide seven, with end market demand remaining strong across both of our segments and the pricing actions we announced at the end of our prior fiscal year now reflected on shelf, we feel confident about the outlook for the full fiscal year. We recently announced additional inflation justified pricing actions to offset continuing increases in ingredient and packaging costs, logistics and labor. This second round of pricing should be effective in January and evident on shelf in the third quarter. This will result in some added pressure in Q2 as pricing catches up with more recent inflation. But moving into the second half, we expect margin progress and earnings recovery, as we use all of our available mitigation tools. To address labor challenges in our network, we have taken specific actions and see early signs of improvement, such as increased on-boarding, lower absenteeism and improved retention. We've seen a recent uptick in the volume produced across the plants, and we expect to begin to rebuild our inventories in the second quarter but not fully recover until the second half. Our ingredient and packaging spend, we are now over 85% covered, thereby reducing the variability in the upcoming quarters, while we continue to deliver on our supply chain productivity improvements and our cost savings initiatives. In addition, we've made selective supply related reductions in marketing and selling investments in the first quarter which we expect to reverse and fully return to targeted levels as we move into the second half of the year. Labor and supply challenges are impacting certain brands to a greater extent than others, creating some short term share and consumption pressure. We expect this to be evident, particularly through the second quarter as we cycle through recovery on labor and supply. With the strength of our brands and the share gains that have been so consistent and broaden our business over the last 2 years, we remain very confident that share positions will improve once we return to full capacity and investment in the second half of the fiscal year. Turning to our Meals & Beverages division. I continue to be pleased by the underlying health of the portfolio and the performance of the brands. Organic net sales were down 6% versus prior year, lapping 11% growth in the prior year and up 5% versus fiscal 2020. Consumption, though flat year-over-year was up 9% versus 2 years ago, reflecting the strength of demand for our products. Turning to soup on slide 10. Our Win in Soup strategy continues to show positive results. We retained households and held share in the quarter. More people are participating and remaining in the soup category than pre-pandemic levels. Household penetration on ready-to-serve, condensed eating and Swanson broth are all ahead of the prior year. Additionally, compared to prior year, the dollar spent per buyer increased as our pricing actions took effect, while volume per buyer remained flat, reflecting the health, relevance and sustained momentum of our brands. These compelling data points provide evidence that we are retaining our expanded consumer base despite consumer mobility increasing, returning competition and our inflation driven higher price points. US soup consumption grew 2% over elevated levels in the prior year, bringing growth versus 2 years ago to 9%. Repeat rates and household penetration remained ahead of 2 years ago on Pacific Foods ready to serve, condensed and Swanson broth. Condensed dollar share was down slightly in the quarter. However, we continue to be encouraged by evidence that quick scratch cooking behavior continues. In our consumer tracking studies, more than a third of the people surveyed indicated that they cook more compared to the prior month. Additionally, we are seeing the need for quicker meal preparation as consumers shift to hybrid work arrangements leading to the need for quicker lunches while working from home and preparing dinners after returning from the workplace. This is driving an overall increase in our eating share interestingly with our strongest growth in condensed eating coming from millennials. As you may have noted, in more recent periods, we are seeing some recovery of private label in the condensed segment. This is not unexpected, given their recovery from an extended period of supply constraints. It's important to note our 2 year share gains remain very strong, and we remain very confident in our overall competitive position versus private label as we move forward with continued strong support and programming. Ready-to-serve increased share in the quarter, including over three points of share gains among millennials. Within ready-to-serve, Chunky had a very strong quarter, increasing consumption 8% and on top of 2% growth in the prior year quarter and grew share by 0.6 points versus prior year. This is despite elevated promotional levels from competition. On Swanson broth, we also grew share by 1.6 points, representing the third consecutive quarter of growth as supply recovery continued. Our Pacific Foods growth engine delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of holding or growing share, driven by sustained momentum on broth despite remaining supply challenges due to labor pressures paired with high demand. Turning to sauces. Prego remained the number one share leader for 30 straight months. However, short-term material availability is adding pressure on supply and creating more recent pressure on shares, which we expect to improve as we fully recover on inventory in the second half. Pace share began to improve in Q1 and grew households compared to prior year. We see Pace continuing to improve throughout the year. I want to conclude my comments on Meals & Beverages by highlighting an important underlying trend. Across the Meals & Beverages portfolio, we continued to show strong performance with younger households. The percentage of buyers under the age of 35 has increased versus the prior year quarter on nearly all key brands. Specifically, on US soup, the percentage of buyers under 35 increased almost two points this quarter, and the average age of Campbell Soup consumers are getting younger. The millennial cohort is the fastest growing segment in condensed eating, ready-to-serve and broth, Importantly, as we look beyond the current short term volatility and begin to assess the ability for meals and beverages to continue to contribute growth into the future, this dynamic is a very important indicator and supports our efforts to increase relevance with a new generation of consumers. Turning to Snacks. Organic net sales were down 1%, primarily due to labor related supply constraints, but grew 4% compared to fiscal 2020. End market performance was strong, growing 5% over the prior year quarter and 9% on a 2 year basis. This dynamic has resulted in low levels of retail inventory that we're working on and expect to recover through the second half of the fiscal year. Our power brands continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 6% this fiscal year and 13% on a 2 year basis, driven by double-digit consumption growth across the majority of our brands. We are pleased to see repeat rates on all eight power brands ahead of the prior year and compared to fiscal 2020. Goldfish performed very well in the quarter, increasing share by 0.5 point and growing consumption high single digits versus prior year behind strong marketing activation, improved performance in multi-packs and continued successful limited edition flavor innovations resulting in improved base velocities and increased household penetration. We are winning with consumers, gaining share and driving significant consumption increases. Innovation continues to be a key growth driver, with limited edition Goldfish jalapeno popper being the number one velocity new item launched in the cracker category in the quarter. Marking the second quarter in a row, we achieved this metric with our limited edition flavor innovations. We also continue to increase the relevance of this brand and broaden its appeal beyond our traditional kids audience with 60% of new buyers being households without kids. We continue to drive share growth on other brands as well, including Snack Factory Pretzel Chris by 2.5 points, Kettle brand potato chips by more than a point and Cape Cod potato chips 2.6 points. However, as previously mentioned, labor availability on certain snack segments is putting pressure on share in several areas. In particular, Cookies, Lance Crackers, Late July and Snyder's of Hanover Pretzels in the quarter. We are making good progress on recovering, but do expect some of these headwinds to persist into Q2, more broadly recovering in the second half. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to be pleased with the speed and progress we have made to address the executional pressures experienced last year. Although we will still lap a challenging Q2 as we deal with the macro environment, we expect a very strong second half of the year with progress on margins and shares. Given our solid first quarter results and their consistency with our expectations, as well as our line of sight to the balance of the fiscal year, we are reaffirming our full year guidance. Mick will provide more details in a moment. As previously mentioned, while we expect to still have a difficult comparison in Q2, and as we lap year-ago strength and begin to recover on labor and supply pressures, we remain very confident in our expectations of positive second half performance and momentum exiting the year. We look forward to sharing our strategy to unlock our longer term full growth potential next week at our Investor Day. With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our first quarter results in more detail.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 17. As Rebecca mentioned at the start of the call, from this quarter onwards, we will exclude from adjusted net earnings, unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges until such time that the related exposure impacts operating results. Our adjusted financial results and guidance reflect this change. For the first quarter, as we left 8% growth in the prior year, organic net sales declined 4% due to the anticipated cycling of year ago retailer inventory recovery and supply pressures. The resulting year-over-year volume decline more than offset the favorable impact of net pricing in the quarter. As Mark highlighted earlier, consumer demand remained strong. In fact, in measured channels it was six points above our total net sales performance. All said, this past quarter, our organic net sales on a comparable basis were 5% higher compared to 2 years ago or the first fiscal quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBIT decreased 15% compared to prior year, which was 1% higher on a 2 year basis despite the significant levels of inflation on ingredients packaging, labor, warehousing and logistics. Our adjusted EBIT margin was 17.4% compared to 19.5% in the prior year and slightly down from fiscal 2020. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations decreased $0.12 or 12% versus prior year to $0.89 per share, which remains well ahead of fiscal 2020. On the next slide, I'll break down our net sales performance for the first quarter. As I mentioned, the impact of lapping the post-COVID search retailer inventory recovery and supply constraints, largely related to industry-wide labor challenges along with select material constraints, held back our ability to meet the continued elevated demand. The operations team continued to execute well in a challenging environment. Organic net sales decreased 4% during the quarter, driven by a six point volume headwind, which reflects lapping of the prior year retailer inventory recovery and the beforementioned supply constraints. Favorable price and sales allowances drove a four point gain in the quarter, which was partially offset by a two point headwind due to some spent back on promotional spending in the quarter closer to pre-pandemic levels. The impact of the sale plan subtracted one point. All in, our reported net sales declined 4% from the prior year. Turning to slide 19. Our first quarter adjusted gross margin decreased by 200 basis points from 34.5% last year to 32.5% this year. Mix had a negative impact of approximately 70 basis points on gross margin, as we cycled last year's retailer inventory recovery and favorable operating leverage. Net price realization drove a 190 basis point improvement due to the benefits of our recent pricing actions, partially offset by increased promotional spending. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 470 basis points, with the majority of the decline driven by cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased by approximately 6%. Along with other industry participants, we experienced significant inflation across all input costs categories, including ingredients, packaging, labor, warehousing and logistics. That said, our ongoing supply chain productivity program contributed 120 basis points to gross margin, partially offsetting these inflationary headwinds. Our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 30 basis points to our gross margin. The previously described initiatives to mitigate inflation highlighted on the next page include price increases and trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements and cost saving initiatives and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. We remain focused on inflation mitigation as we continue to expect core inflation for the year to be high single digits with a more pronounced impact in the second half of fiscal 2022. As you saw on the previous page, the progress we made in the first quarter to mitigate these inflationary pressures reduced the impact to 130 basis points on our adjusted gross margin. Moving to the next slide. We have continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear enterprise cost savings initiatives. This quarter, we achieved $15 million in incremental year-over-year savings and remain on track to deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal year. We are working towards expanding our plan to $1 billion and we'll share more details next week at our Investor Day. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses decreased $38 million or 18% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This decrease was driven by lower advertising and consumer promotion expense or A&C and lower selling expenses. Although A&C declined 31% as investment was moderated to reflect supply pressure, we expect it to normalize as supply strengthens throughout the year. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented 7.6% of net sales during the quarter, a 130 basis point decrease compared to last year. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $17 million or 12%, largely due to expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims as higher general administrative costs were largely offset by the benefits of cost savings initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses represented 6.9% of net sales during the quarter, a 100 basis point increase compared to last year. On slide 23, we are providing a total company adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT declined 15% as the net sales decline and the 200 basis point gross margin contraction resulted in a $36 million and $44 million EBIT headwinds, respectively. Partially offsetting this was lower marketing and selling expenses, contributing 130 basis points to our adjusted EBIT margin. This was a short term action targeted in areas where supply constraints were most significant and we expect to fully return to targeted investment levels as soon as labor is in place and supply recovers, higher adjusted administrative and R&D expenses had a negative impact of 110 basis points and lower adjusted other income had a 30 basis point impact. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased year-over-year by 210 basis points to 17.4%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. A $0.17 impact of lower adjusted EBIT was partially offset by a $0.02 favorable impact from lower interest expense and a $0.04 impact of lower adjusted taxes due to the favorable resolution of several tax matters in the quarter. This resulted in better than expected adjusted EPS of $0.89, which was down $0.12 per share compared to the prior year. Turning to the segments. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales decreased 6% as favorable price and sales allowances in the quarter were more than offset by volume declines across US retail products, including V8 beverages, Prego pasta sauces in US soup as well as in Canada. Volume decreased primarily as a result of cycling the retailer inventory recovery in the prior year quarter and due to supply constraints. Increased promotional spending relative to moderated levels in the prior year, partially offset the impact of recent price increases. Sales of US Soup decreased 2% and cycling a 21% increase in the prior year quarter. Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages decreased 17% to $280 million. The decrease was primarily due to a lower gross margin and sales volume declines, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. The lower gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation, higher levels of promotional spending, higher other supply chain costs and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by the benefits of recent pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements. Overall, within our Meals and Beverage division, the first quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 260 basis points to 22.1%. Within Snacks, organic net sales decreased 1% to $1 billion as favorable price and sales allowances were more than offset by volume declines and increased promotional spending compared to moderated levels in the prior year quarter. Declines in partner brands Pop Secret popcorn driven by elevated prior year demand and late July snacks due to supply pressures were partially offset by gains in Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies. Sales of power brands increased 3%. Operating earnings for Snacks decreased 5% for the quarter, driven by increased administrative expenses due to the settlement of certain legal claims and a slightly lower gross margin, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. The slight decline in gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation, unfavorable product mix and higher level of promotional spending, largely offset by the benefits of recent pricing actions, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives and lower other supply chain costs. Overall, within our Snacks division, first quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 60 basis points to 13.2%. I'll now turn to cash flow and liquidity. We Fiscal 2022 cash flow from operations increased from $180 million in the prior year to $288 million, primarily due to lower working capital related outflows and mostly from accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by lower cash earnings. Our year-to-date cash outflows for investing activities were reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $69 million, which was comparable to prior year. In light of the current operating environment, we are reducing our planned full year capital expenditures from $330 million to approximately $300 million for fiscal 2022. Our year-to-date cash outflows from financing activities were $220 million, the vast majority of which or $179 million represented the return of capital to our shareholders, including $160 million of dividends paid and $63 million of share repurchases during the quarter. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $475 million remaining under the current $500 million strategic share repurchase program. We also have a $250 million anti-dilutive share repurchase program, of which approximately $176 million is remaining. We ended the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $69 million. Turning to slide 28. As covered earlier, adjusted net earnings now excludes unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on outstanding undestinated commodity hedges and the guidance for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth rates reflect this change. We continue to expect full year fiscal 2022 [ph] net sales adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS performance to be consistent with the guidance we provided during our fiscal year-end earnings call. Overall, we expect accelerating inflationary pressures and higher labor-related costs to be partially mitigated with sustained in-market momentum, well-executed pricing and planned productivity initiatives as well as our cost savings program. Although we will be lapping strong prior year results in the second quarter, we expect top-line performance to improve sequentially year-over-year as supply begins to recover. However, with respect to margin, we expect continued pressure driven by additional core inflation across commodities and higher labor-related costs without the benefit of our second wave of pricing, which will not be in place until the end of the second quarter. As we move into the second half of the year, we expect our inflation mitigation actions collectively along with the continued recovery of labor to result in margin progress and earnings recovery through the year. For the full year, we expect organic net sales to be minus 1% to plus 1%. And adjusted EBIT of minus 4.5% to minus 1.5% and adjusted EPS of minus 4% to flat. First, the adjusted fiscal 2021 results. The sale of Plum is estimated to have an impact of 1 percentage point on fiscal 2022 net sales. Overall, we had a positive start to the fiscal year, which was generally in line with our expectations, thanks to all the hard work by our teams. I'm truly grateful for their continued dedication and commitment and look forward to sharing our strategy to unlock our full growth potential at our Investor Day next week. We will now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: God morning, everybody.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for the question. I guess, I wanted to start off a little bit. The quarter came in a little bit differently than I think a bunch of people have modeled. It sounds to me like sales were more broadly in line with your expectations. And maybe consensus didn't sort of fleet take into account the severity of the year ago, the inventory replenishment and such. But it gross margin contraction was certainly less severe than we've modeled. So I'm trying to get a sense whether this was better than your sort of internal expectations? And if so, what drove that? And it sounds to me like your expectation is for year-over-year margin compression to be worse in 2Q than 1Q. I just want to make sure, I'm sort of hearing that correctly and perhaps what are the key drivers there? Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. I'd say generally, the results came in pretty aligned with our expectations. As we had pointed out in the Q4 earnings, we had a pretty significant lap of retail inventory replenishment as we were kind of - if you remember at that time, coming out of what I would describe as kind of the initial surge - first few quarters of surge of COVID. And we had a lot of recovery, especially in our Meals & Beverages business, which in the first quarter a year ago was up 11%. Soup was up 21%. And that's what we were lapping. And so, we generally expected that and it came in fairly consistent. I do think on the supply side, especially as it related to Snacks, there was a little more pressure than we probably expected as labor was a bit more significant. I think the good news is we've taken a lot of corrective actions, especially over the last 30 to 60 days, and we're seeing real progress. So our vacancy rates are down about 30% from where they were a month or so ago, and we expect that to continue to progress as we go into the second quarter and then more completely, I'd say, in the second half. So top-line, pretty close, a little more pressure on supply. On the gross margin side, I feel great about how the team is navigating this moment. It's - as you know, a lot of moving parts as you go into trying to predict what these quarters are going to entail. And I think we've done a very good job executing both on our pricing strategy, as well as our productivity and the performance of the vast majority of our plants reflecting, again, just a terrific job by a lot of those frontline workers that have been out there for a long time, working very, very hard did a very good job, and it was pretty close to what we expected on margins. I think our EPS was a little bit better as we did see some tax favorability that we do not think will repeat throughout the year. But I think a little bit of upside there. Everything else pretty close to where we expected. I do think you're hearing us right as it relates to Q2. I think the dynamic you should expect there is some recovery within our supply, which should help a better comp to a year ago on top-line. I still think some pressure as we recover, but certainly better than the 4% that we saw in Q1. I think on margin, you're right. The dynamic that you see there is kind of the ramp-up of inflation into the second quarter. With our second wave of pricing, we feel very good about that. We've communicated very justified in the face of inflation, but not going to be in place until we get to the very end of Q2 and into January. And that's why, as we've said a couple of different times, and both Mick and I in our prepared remarks today, we do expect Q2 to be a tough both comp, as well as some of this dynamic on pricing and inflation. But as you get to the back half of the year, most of those elements will come into a more positive posture. And as we look at the back half, we're feeling very good about the combination of pricing, productivity, our enterprise cost savings, all of that coming together for a fairly positive outlook and one that we think will help us really build momentum into the back half as we exit the year.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then just briefly, I guess, how do you feel like the company is positioned around heading into sort of the core, if you will, or the teeth [ph] of soup season with respect to retailers ability to supply what you think the demand will be the ability to be at your levels of expected levels of promotional activity in the market that you would normally hope to have the kind of pressure in the market at this time of year? Are you at a point where you feel like the soup season can be somewhat more normal in that regard with respect to like a retailer activity and not being at any sort of relative disadvantage, let's say, to competitors in the market for whatever reason?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I think a couple of things in that question that are interesting. I think the first thing I would just say is the good news is, although we do have a supply constraints in certain areas, they tend not to be right now in our soup and our core broth businesses, which are obviously very, very important as we go into this the kind of back half of the holiday season and into soup season. So, we're feeling good on supply there. The team has done a really good job in continuing to build capacity. Execution has been very good in those facilities. And so, we're feeling pretty good about our ability to supply into the season. I also feel good about the programming that we have. We've got some good innovation coming in, in a couple of areas. The execution on the marketing side for both our Chunky business, as well as our condensed soup business has been very, very good. I do think, though, kind of on the back end of your question, I do think it will be a competitive environment, as we had expected or anticipated. And as I mentioned earlier, private label is a little bit more prevalent. I'm not worried about it, but it is going to add a little bit of pressure as we've seen them a little bit more broadly speaking, absent for a while, and they'll be back in the mix, and you see a little bit of that in the shares now. And I think ready-to-eat soup is always a pretty competitive segment, and I certainly wouldn't expect that to change right now. But I feel very good about how we're positioned and how we're set up going into the kind of heart of the season. And I do think from a supply standpoint, far more consistent with a normal kind of level playing field, so looking forward to that part of it, for sure.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Looking forward to next week.
Mark Clouse: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: First question, there's obviously been a strong tailwind over the last couple of years across food at home from heightened Snack benefits. I'm just curious if you can, a, refresh us on how exposed your general sales bases to Snack versus maybe the industry average? And to what extent your guidance or your thought process I guess, factors a potential reversal of this tailwind as a level of benefits fade? And I know, there's a lot of unknowns here. So I'm not looking for quantification, I'm just trying to get a general sense of how you see it.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, it's interesting. We've talked about this a little bit before. But we are, I think, somewhat a unique portfolio in the sense that we have kind of this almost duality of benefit where economic factors more broadly and certainly snap I'd put into that bucket where we have puts and takes going kind of both ways. So you tend to see what I think a lot of people are referring to or talking about, which is pressure to perhaps trade down as those benefits move away or the just lower discretionary spend in general. Does that impact our Snacking business or some of the other segments we're in. And there is a little bit of that dynamic that I think we've modeled as we look at the balance of the year. But we also do well on the flip side where people have to be a little bit more pragmatic in decision making or they may be trading down from other categories into a category like soup, as an example. And traditionally speaking, one of the last things to always come off the list or some of the comfort items that we have in our snacking bundle. And so, I think although there will be some puts and takes, I feel pretty good about the balance of how our portfolio hold up in that kind of economic dynamic and profile. And as you rightfully said, it's a little bit given the duration of this period, it's a little bit of new territory that we're watching very, very closely and trying to make sure that those expectations are consistent with what we're seeing. But we've put a lot of thought into that and trying to reflect that in our outlook for the balance of the year. But I think, overall, I'd say a fairly balanced outlook.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thank you for that. And then a quick clarification. I wanted to ask about the A&C a little bit of a reduction in the first half. You talked about the second half picking up again. Is the message that the annual A&C spend will still be the same and that you'll just move or shift some of the 1H spending into the second half? Or is the message sort of - yeah, things will pick up in the back half, but maybe we won't get all the way back to what we thought for the year. Just trying to get a better understanding there. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I think I'll give you the Q1 kind of explanation first because I think that's important. And I'll let Mick kind of give you an outlook for the year. But as we navigated through Q1, we anticipated that we were going to have some supply challenges in select areas. And so although you see a decline in the first quarter, it's fairly surgical in nature. It really is against the places where we knew that we were going to be in a position where it was going to be a little bit harder to meet demand. At the same time, what we don't want to do is go below certain threshold levels that are going to put in any way, shape or form a jeopardy the progress that we've made in kind of the first kind of acquiring, but more importantly, the retention of a lot of these incremental households. And so even in Q1 on business, important businesses like Goldfish or Soup, Chunky in particular, if you haven't seen our Chunky ads, I'm not sure you've had any media on, but it's been really effective as you heard in our shares. And we want to make sure that we keep the pressure on there. I do think as supply comes back fully, and as we roll through the balance of the year, you'll see it more as a return to normality. And just to put that in perspective, our marketing and sales in the first quarter was right around 8% of net sales. We would prefer that from an ongoing basis to be in the 9% to 10% range. And I think that's closer to what you'll see as we go forward through the year. But Mick, maybe you can give a little bit of color on that outlook.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yeah. No, so the only thing that I'd add is that if you look at kind of the phasing throughout the year, of course, from a year-over-year perspective, this quarter is down. There might be a little bit of phasing in the other quarters. But overall, it will be much more in line versus the prior year. I do expect, as a result of market describing the range between 9% to 10%, it will probably be a little bit closer to the lower end of that for the full year.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So first one for me, just quick on CapEx, bringing the capital spending expectation down for the year. Just what's underneath that, and is it - are we going to be shifting more of that, that CapEx, I guess, out to the out years?
Mark Clouse: Yes, I'll let Mick. Mick will answer that one.
Mick Beekhuizen: So maybe I'll just comment quickly on that. So first of all, we're obviously still adjusting right to our - to the overall operating environment. And as Mark also described earlier, a big focus on making sure that we can fulfill demand and that we continue to focus on the supply. So as we refine kind of going into this year, our capital outlook, we thought it's more prudent to be closer to the $300 million. There is obviously also a continuous underlying focus of the organization on making sure that we get the right return on capital. And I think the organization has done a great job on continuing to make sure that that's the case. I do expect to your underlying question of shifting some of that shifting into the future. Listen, these are - a lot of these are projects that we believe that help us that help the overall business. So I do expect that some of this is then shifting into out 3 years.
Mark Clouse: And Bryan, we'll give you a little more color on that in Investor Day as we talk a little bit about things such as the snacks margin road map and what do we see. I think the other thing that I just would say is that we've also - I think in 2021, got a good sense for where our bandwidth needs to be relative to what our capacity for execution is. And as we kind of phase projects appropriately, I think you see a little bit of that reflected in this as well. But it certainly does not reflect any kind of lack of confidence and the ability to invest in the business. We've got projects that we feel really good about going forward. A terrific pipeline, and we'll talk, like I said, more about that as we get into the longer term outlook next week.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then thanks for that. And just maybe - just a quick follow-up on the commentary about price increases. In the last earnings call, in the Q&A, you talked about - or the discussion was around level of pricing in your fiscal second half would be in the ballpark of - or the neighborhood of 5% to 6%. And it sounds like now there's some incremental pricing, right? So additional pricing actions, I guess that you're planning now versus maybe what you were expecting back in last earnings call. So I just want to try to get a sense of magnitude, just what we're looking at in the back half of the year would be helpful.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, Bryan, the answer to that is we - when we kind of quoted that middle single digit or mid single digit pricing. If you remember at that time, we had already gained a fair amount of visibility into inflation that is the inflation we're talking about now. And so we announced the second - the second way of pricing we're talking about now, we announced, I'd say, over a month ago now and have been out talking about it. So we, in essence, contemplated a bit of that is a necessity as we were already looking at the outlook for the balance of the year. So it's not a materially different number as it relates to the back half of the year. Perhaps a few puts and takes in different places. Remember, as I said, too, what's really important as we navigate this is to be quite strategic and how we're working through these pricing actions, making sure that we're mindful of certain thresholds and the second wave that we have coming in January reflects that as well. So I would say there are some puts and takes from perhaps what we initially had in the plan, but generally speaking, overall, we're not materially different than we had expected to be there.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Just curious what your thinking is in your guidance relative to any potential impact from vaccine mandates. And they seem to be hitting some walls and so it's certainly not clear, it still come through. But obviously, you've called out labor pressure and costs. Just curious wherever that lands, from the mandate side, how it would compare to what your plans factor in?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I mean, we've anticipated kind of operating in a consistent environment to the one that we're operating now. And so that has a certain amount of pressure already factored in as it relates to constraints in labor, but also the protocols and a bit of the continued dynamic of the impact of COVID on our businesses. We did not anticipate a widespread mandates, but we did prepare for it. So at the same time, we've got kind of a variety of different scenarios. I think our guidance reflects kind of more consistent with where we are today, which does tend to look like the environment we're going to be in. Of course, we're hopeful that vaccination rates continue to go up, and we're certainly doing everything we can to provide information and education for our teams. As you can imagine that we have quite the continuum of percent vaccinated depending on the facility and our network. But generally speaking, I think it's well represented in our outlook. And again, I think kind of conservative and steady as you go as you get more information is probably the right way to manage through a little bit of this uncertain moment that we're in.
Michael Lavery: That's great. That's helpful. Thanks. And just - Ken stole my Snack question, but a follow-up on it for the EBT piece, of course, it's pretty well rolled off already and now sort of a couple of months into that. And it's interesting because it's specifically families with kids that would have been receiving that. And so just curious what, if anything, you feel like you're seeing already in terms of any response to that, and especially if it's maybe more kid-focused brand. Have you seen any impact on anything in the last few weeks that might be related to that?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I think from a broad macro view, we continue to see elevated levels of demand. And although we're, in some cases, lapping pretty healthy growth from a year ago. And when you think about certain categories, that's why we continue to kind of look through this lens of 2 year growth rates, they're very healthy across the board. And I think for us, it's more of a function of some of those macro behavioral trends that are perhaps bigger than some of the policy impacted trends that are continuing to elevate demand. We've talked about a lot this idea of the stability of in-home eating even as people are going back to work, a lot of companies, organizations in the hybrid model are still maintaining a portion of their work time at home, which is a huge correlation to our Soup business and our Snack business. In addition to that, even on the cooking side, it's changing. It's evolving a little bit from where it was in the heart of the pandemic to now where much more important in this particular moment is the speed of preparation, we've seen a very distinct move to very quick. How do I get dinner done in 15 minutes? Actually, 18 minutes appears to be the kind of target for most consumers as we've done a lot of research on this. But that also plays quite well into our portfolio as a dynamic that's very, very helpful as you think about our condensed soup businesses like Cream of Mushroom, Cream of Chicken or Prego pasta sauces. I think also elasticity continues to be a lot more favorable than what we've seen historically. And so I think that in addition to those macro trends, are what's keeping an elevated level on demand. I do think, as I said, to Ken's answer, there are some places where you do see some movement. But I think on the kids brands, in particular, brands like Goldfish as an example, are very, very healthy. One of the stronger sustained periods we had if you from my comments earlier, we've continued to do very, very well. And what's really interesting on businesses like that is, if you remember back in the pandemic, we were feeling a lot of pressure on the reduction on away-from-home snacking, so our portion packs are on-the-go packs. What's interesting now is we've kind of held on to the bigger bulk pack demand, but we've also seen a resurgence in those portion packs as kids are going back to school and activities are starting to come back. So I think, there's always a variety of drivers influencing it. But I would say more broadly, the pros are outweighing any of the cons. And so that the net of that all is a generally positive outlook as it relates to sustainment of elevated levels of demand going forward.
Michael Lavery: Really great color. Thanks for that and looking forward to hearing more next week.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great, we'll see you there.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks, Actually, a question for Mick. The inflation guidance that you're giving kind of points to escalating inflation throughout the year. And I think we talked about this last quarter also. But you are seeing some of these commodities leveling off on the food side. So can you give us some kind of like forward look. I don't know, if it's possible, but at what point do you think your inflation will lap and turn closer to low single digit. Or - and then maybe you can just give us a little more color as to why it keeps escalating during the year is because of packaging contracts rolling over? Is it because of labor contracts that are going higher? What are the main drivers?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yeah, it's a great question. You're absolutely right. So we are projecting high single digit core inflation for the year. That's consistent with what we said previous quarters. So it's not a change compared to what our previous expectation was and is very much in line with what we've been looking at for fiscal 2022 all along. If you look at - to your point, the underlying drivers there, you see about 6% in Q1, high single digits for the full year. So you do have that accelerating pattern throughout the year. Why is that, that's largely driven by the fact that obviously our fiscal year breaks over two calendar years. And we have various contracts that reset in the second half of our fiscal year. So you see particularly in the January time frame, a lot of the ingredients and pack contracts that are being reset. And they obviously reset of a different commodity environment that they previously were [indiscernible] that. And that's what we are experiencing. So as a result, various of these contracts are obviously or at least, call it, a calendar year basis. So we are experiencing that I expect to do out the next calendar year.  And maybe the other point to add to that is if you look at our overall coverage, is we're probably currently about 85% covered, which is a little bit higher than typically, but because of the volatility in the current environment, we thought that's prudent.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So maybe just two other small points to build on Mick's answer. One is how long do you think it is until we begin to lap and although I would say that's always a little bit tough to predict in the environment we're in right now. But - as you can imagine, some of the contract elements that we're talking about that are on a calendar year, you have the natural kind of carryover into the first half of fiscal '23 for us that would be that same contract. So as you think about relief going forward. And you can imagine, too, that in this kind of volatile environment, we're working really closely to supplier - with suppliers to make sure, if there is a dramatic change that we can reflect that without having to necessarily wait 12 months to kind of revisit a contract. So we've created a lot of that dynamic that should help us be a little bit more nimble, but that's the dynamic that Mick's talking about. But I just would say to counter that, though, although I do - as we pointed out, some pressure in Q2, even though you have that escalating inflation, you also have an escalation of our mitigating actions. And so, as we look at the back half of the year, we actually feel very good about how we line up our position versus inflation, arguably better than we'd necessarily do in Q2 as we're in that kind of transitional moment. So although on the one hand, there will be likely more inflation. I also fully expect us to be in a much better position to mitigate it, and we're feeling very good, and that's a big part of the confidence that we have in the balance of the year and why we're pointing to a more favorable back half.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a quick question to be kind of a follow-up on some of the earlier questions around pricing. In the second half of the year, if you think about pricing and other levers you have, the cost savings, can you offset inflation in that environment based on what you know today? Will the pricing be sufficient to help you achieve that?
Mark Clouse: I think pricing in conjunction with the other variables, yes, we feel comfortable that we're in a very strong position to be able to cover that and to also be able to carry that forward kind of out of the year into the next fiscal year. So as I said before, I think what you have the benefit of in the second half is kind of all of those tools coming to bear. So even though the backdrop is higher inflation, we've got more of the pieces of the mitigation in place. And so yes, we look at the back half and we feel good about where we are. Also, of course, we're going to start lapping some easier comps that will just give the overall lower base benefit of being able to lap that. But yeah, we're overall feeling good about that, Chris, going into the second half.
Chris Growe: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And a quick second question, which was can you - if you attempted to quantify how much some of the supply shortages hurt your sales in the quarter? And I guess I'd be curious, related to that, if there is, could you produce to demand in the second quarter? It sounds like you're going to be building inventory, and it sounds like there's a lot of different circumstances by brand. But overall, what's the condition of the supply chain? And are those supply shortages to what degree, they're hurting sales? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great. I'm glad you asked that question because it will allow me to give a little bit of color on a bit of the dynamic in Q2 as it relates to share, which I think is important to - I mentioned it in my comments, but I wanted to give you a little bit more flavor on that. So essentially, what I would tell you is in the first quarter, you had a dynamic that we're certainly not unfamiliar with where we were going into the quarter with a fair amount of inventory, demand remained elevated and so you saw a stronger consumption number. Now part of that, again, was the lap of the inventory component. But if you look at our top-line, we were down about 4% versus a year ago with an in-market consumption of 2%. You have a little bit of unmeasured channel elements that are there, but let's more or less talk about six point delta between the two. The way we see this is a little bit more - half to a little bit more than half was related to the inventory lap and then the balance was really supply. So in the places that we had supply pressure, that's really anchored in a couple of categories. And a little bit of the labor issue that we talk about is not just our labor, but some of our suppliers' labor. So you have some material pressure. So if I were to break the businesses apart a little bit and give you a little more detail, our Snacks business inherently is more labor-intensive, just the nature of the manufacturing. So a little bit more of that supply related pressure is on our snack businesses and in particular, several of our Snyder's-Lance businesses. So late July, we talked about as well as Snyder's and Hanover and also pressure on our Lance sandwich crackers. Pepperidge Farm were generally in a better position, although cookies is a little bit pressured as it is pretty labor-intensive as well. So those four categories are where we're seeing the pressure. On Meals & Beverages, it's much more about the material availability as it relates to certain parts of Prego and aluminum cans in particular on V8. And so that's where you see the pressure occurring. As you go into Q2, labor is recovering. And so we already see production levels going up as that labor moves into place. It is important to note that when we hire someone, in the manufacturing role. It takes about four to six weeks for a new hire to begin to kind of deliver at an effectiveness level that allows us to really realize the additional labor. So it does take a little bit of time. But as we go into Q2, I think the dynamic you should expect is that we'll be recovering on inventory levels, recovering on our supply, probably taking us some time in certain areas. But what you will see is a little bit of short-term pressure on share and in-market consumption in a couple of the places where we have gotten lower on inventory. It's really those businesses that I just described, we see it very short term in nature. That share pressure is not related to anything that is brand driven, consumer demand driven. It really is a very, very high correlation to where the supply is pressured. It's also - it happens to be where you're also a little bit lower on investment as we're managing through that. But as we come into the second half, we expect those to be back in a stronger position and a really healthy back half. And if you think about the last couple of years on our business, we've done very, very well and has made a major priority on driving growth and end market performance, and that doesn't change even with a little bit of the bump that we expect here in the near-term. And as we get through the balance of the year, we think a lot of great momentum as we exit '22 and head into '23 as well.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-09-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Ludy(ph) and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter and full-year Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instruction] With that I would like to hand the conference over to your host Ms. Rebecca Gardy. Ms. Gardy, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning. and welcome to Campbell's Fourth Quarter and full-year Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Head of Investor Relations at Campbell Soup Company. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief Financial Officer. Today's remarks have been pre-recorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck in today's earnings press release has been posted to the Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupCompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location, followed by a transcript of the call within 24 hours. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our fourth quarter and full-year performance as well as an in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter and the year in more detail, and then provide our guidance for the full-year fiscal 2022. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In fiscal 2021, the pandemic continued to present challenges across North America. But I am so proud of how our teams, particularly our frontline and supply chain teams, adapted and rallied to keep each other safe and meet the sustained demand for our products. On behalf of the entire Campbell's leadership team, I am deeply grateful for their dedication. And we continue to make their safety and well-being paramount as they work to meet the needs of our customers, consumers, and our communities. As difficult and complex as this time has been, it has also been an extraordinary period for Campbell. And we've made clear meaningful progress advancing our strategic plan. We've evolved into a different Company; one that is stronger, more agile, and with growing more relevant brands that are better positioned for the future. For the full year, I'm pleased to report that Campbell's organic net sales were comparable to fiscal 2020, and grew 3% on a 2-year compounded annual growth basis driven by both divisions, reflecting strong in-market performance. In fact, 3 quarters of our portfolio grew or held market share for the year, reflecting our continued momentum. Adjusted EBITDA lagged fiscal 2020 as we lapped dramatic scale and efficiency from a year ago, and navigated a much higher inflationary environment this year. However, on a two-year CAGR, adjusted EBITDA grew 5% and adjusted EPS grew 14% as we delivered and improved our balance sheet. Turning to slide 7, full-year organic net sales were comparable to the prior year, which included a positive fourth-quarter finish to fiscal 2021 in light of last year's remarkably strong performance. If you recall, our first half fiscal 2021 was driven by strong elevated in-market performance, as we continued to gain share and made steady progress on supply to restore the shelf. The third quarter reflected the challenging comparisons to the prior year as we cycled the demand surge that accompanied the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigated several headwinds, including increased inflation and executional pressures in our Snacks division. In the fourth quarter, we delivered solid results ahead of our expectations across all 3 key metrics net sales, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EPS, and addressed the executional pressures we experienced last quarter. Organic net sales declined 4% as we lapped 12% growth in the prior year, and delivered 4% growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. Our fourth-quarter performance accelerated relative to the third quarter, driven by strong in-market results, particularly in U.S. Soup and Goldfish and the continued recovery of our food-service business. In Snacks, we delivered sequential operating margin improvement up 270 basis points versus the third quarter, despite the continued industry-wide supply chain challenges. An important barometer of the health of our brand portfolio is our in-market performance. For the full year, 75% of our brands grew or held share versus the prior year. And the majority of our brands in our 13 core categories grew ahead of pre-COVID levels. To note, repeat rates on our brands in all core categories are ahead on a 2-year basis. Total Company in-market consumption was minus 1% compared to fiscal 2020 on a 52-week basis. Importantly, compared to the fiscal 2019 period, consumption grew 10% driven equally by strength in both our Meals & Beverages and Snacks divisions as we continue to make material advances in attracting and retaining consumers, especially the critical Millennial cohort. Turning to our division performance on Slide 9, let me begin with Meals & Beverages. Our fourth quarter organic net sales decline of 9% and in-market performance of -2% reflect cycling the partial inventory recovery and elevated consumption levels in the prior-year quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we continued to grow share in Swanson broth, Condensed Soup, Prego, Ready to Serve soup, and Pacific Foods. On a two-year basis, we delivered strong consumption growth of 13% against organic net sales growth of 10%, narrowing the gap as our foodservice business continued to stabilize. On U.S. Soup we delivered another quarter of record share growth of nearly 2 points with gains in all segments. This included gains from Swanson broth, Condensed Soup, Well Yes, and [Indiscernible] driven by the continued recovery in our total points of distribution or TPD. Our share of TPD grew for the fourth consecutive quarter this year. U.S. Soup, 2-year dollar sales growth of 16% in the Fourth Quarter exceeded the growth in total shelf-stable meals and was just slightly behind total edible growth in that same time period. Household penetration and repeat rates remain elevated compared to pre - COVID levels. Condensed Soup increased dollar share for the tenth consecutive quarter, with the largest driver of share growth coming from condensed eating varieties as we nearly restored the full range of offerings to the shelf. As our ability to supply improved, we were also pleased to see household gains in Ready-to-Serve versus the prior year as a result of the shelf recovery and favorable at-home consumption behaviors, particularly for lunch occasions. Ready-to-Serve in-market consumption grew an impressive 21% on a 2-year basis, led by Chunky, Slow Kettle, and the successful relaunch of Well Yes! Pacific Foods continues to strengthen its position as the number one organic soup brand, with the fourth quarter marking seven straight quarters of share gains in measured channels. We expanded distribution and have recovered the majority of our supply while bringing in more millennials to the category than any other soup or broth brand. On Swanson broth, we increased our share by 3.7 points, our highest quarter of share growth in over 3 years, driven by our investment in supply recovery. This is important, as it demonstrates the strength of the brand as we recovered lost share to lower price players, as our supply improved. Prego delivered its best year of dollar share gains in 4 years and maintain the number one share position for 27 consecutive months. The brand grew in market consumption on a two-year basis and delivered 5% growth over the prior year. Household penetration was elevated versus fiscal 2019 in every quarter and grew 1 point in the fourth quarter. Overall, the Meals & Beverages division delivered strong in-market performance against difficult comparisons to the prior year, and achieved share gains in key categories, particularly with millennials. On Slide 11, we are excited to share with you a glimpse into our Meals & Beverages innovation plans for fiscal 2022. Our new items focus on new occasions and relevant wellness trends. Expanding on the re-launch of our Better For You Well Yes! the brand is the launch of Well Yes! power bowls with 5 unique varieties for both lunch and snack occasions. We have also expanded our successful Slow Kettle crunch innovation with 4 varieties of Campbell's red and white crunch, including our iconic Classic Tomato Soup with Goldfish toppings. On our Pacific Foods business, we are launching additional plant-based products, including Creamy Oat Milk Soups and Creamy Plant-based Protein Broths. Finally, if you haven't tried the new Chunky Spicy Chicken Noodle, it's fantastic and brings variety to the critical at-home lunch occasion. In addition to our relevant and consumer-driven innovation, another element of our winning soup strategy is a refresh of our Campbell's Condensed Soup. We are contemporizing the brand to better match our growing millennial consumer base while improving the product and its shopability as we continue to support our positioning as the starting point for delicious meals. We also have continued our journey of simplifying our ingredient lines and improving quality. It's always tricky when looking to evolve such an iconic design and product, but our new graphics and improved ingredient lines strike the right balance and have been met with a very positive customer and consumer response. Let's now turn to Snacks. This quarter was the second-highest 13-week quarter of net sales for the Snacks division since the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Organic net sales grew 1% over the prior-year quarter and 7% on a two-year basis. In the market, performance declined only 1% year-over-year but grew 11% on a two-year basis. Turning to our snacks power brands, which continued to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 2% this fiscal year and 15% on a 2-year basis, driven by double-digit consumption growth in the majority of our brands. Compared to the prior-year we grew share on many of our power brands, most notably Cape Cod potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, Goldfish Crackers, and Late July Snacks. Compared to pre-COVID levels, household penetration remains elevated, and repeat rates are higher on all Power Brands. Turning to Goldfish, we delivered sustained share growth, increasing for a second quarter in a row by more than 1 point compared to this time last year. On a 1 and 2-year basis, Goldfish delivered strong results, including double-digit consumption growth, increased household penetration, and higher repeat rates. This solid performance on Goldfish was due in part to the successful launch of limited edition Goldfish Frank's RedHot Crackers. Additionally, the reinstatement of promotions, improved performance on multi-packs, and an effective marketing campaign contributed to our strong results. We are excited to continue to introduce on-trend limited editions on Goldfish, with the launch this week of Goldfish Jalapeno Popper and plans for additional innovation later this fiscal year. Entering the fourth quarter, amid rising inflation, labor shortages, and some executional pressures, we better focused our agenda in the Snacks division, driving operational excellence and allocating additional resources throughout the supply chain network. We are very pleased with the speed and progress we have made to address the executional pressures we experienced in the third quarter. We head into fiscal 2022 with a stronger foundation and confidence, we can continue our significant transformation on this important business. On Slide 17, we do expect a challenging environment in fiscal 2022 as COVID persists, and inflation and labor availability remain highly volatile. However, we also anticipate our effective pricing actions, supply chain productivity programs, and cost savings initiatives to be significant offsets resulting in an improvement in the second half of the fiscal year relative to the prior year and exiting fiscal 2022 with momentum as we continue to make progress on our strategic plan. Mick will provide more details on our fiscal 2022 outlook and assumptions in a moment. With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year results in more detail.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 19 for the fourth quarter organic net sales, which excludes the impact from the additional week and the impact of the sale of the Plum Baby Food and Snacks business, declined 4% as we cycled both the elevated demand in food purchases for at-home consumption and a partial retailer inventory recovery in the prior year. Compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, which we view to be more meaningful given the COVID -19 impact to prior-year, organic net sales increased 4% on a 2-year CAGR. Adjusted EBIT decreased 13% compared to the prior year to $267 million driven by lower sales volume, including the impact of the additional week in the prior-year quarter, and the lower adjusted gross margin partially offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses and lower adjusted administrative expenses. Our adjusted EBIT margin was 14.3% compared to 14.6% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations decreased $0.08 or 13% versus the prior year to $0.55 per share, partially driven by the estimated $0.04 contribution from the additional week in fiscal 2020. For the full-year organic net sales, which excludes the impact from the additional week. Divestitures and the impact of currency were comparable to the prior year and grew 3% compared to fiscal 2019 on a 2-year CAGR basis. Compared to the prior year, Meals & Beverages, organic net sales decreased 1% driven by declines in foodservice, partially offset by growth in VA beverages. In Snacks organic net sales were flat as gains in our salty snacks portfolio, including Late July Snacks and Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps. and in Goldfish Crackers, were offset by declines in [Indiscernible] Sandwich Crackers and in partner brands within the Snyder's-Lance portfolio. Full-year adjusted EBITDA decreased 3% versus the prior year to $1.4 billion.  The decline reflected a lower adjusted gross margin and lower sales volume, including the impact of the prior year's additional week, partially offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses and higher adjusted other income. Our marketing and selling expenses represented 9.6% of net sales compared to 10.9% last year. The full-year 2021 adjusted EBITDA margin was 16.6%, compared to 16.7% in the prior year. Full-year adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 1% to $2.98 per share. On the next slide, I'll break down our net sales performance for the fourth quarter. Organic net sales decreased 4% during the quarter, lapping an increase of 12% in the prior-year quarter when the demand for at-home consumption remained elevated and retailers partially recovered on the inventory. The organic net sales decline was driven by a 5 point headwind due to volume declines partially offset by favorable price and sales allowances and lower promotional spending, which each drove a 1 point gain in the quarter. The impact of 1 last week in the quarter subtracted 7 points, and the recent sale of Plum subtracted 1 point. All in, our reported net sales declined 11% from the prior year, stronger than anticipated as in-market demand remained elevated. Turning to slide 22, our fourth quarter adjusted gross margin decreased by 420 basis points from 35.6% last year to 31.4% this year, which was generally consistent with our expectations. Mix and operating leverage had a negative impact of approximately 70 basis points and 40 basis points respectively, on gross margin. As we continue to transition from last year's elevated demand, net pricing drove 100 basis points improvement due to lower levels of promotional spending in the quarter, as well as favorable price and sales allowances which do not yet reflect the price increases effective first quarter of fiscal 2022. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 640 basis points, with slightly more than half of the decline driven by cost inflation. Its overall input prices on the rate basis increased by approximately 5%. The remaining impact was driven by higher other supply chain costs, largely due to last year's manufacturing cost efficiencies related to higher production levels to service the elevated demand as well as lower mark-to-market gain on outstanding commodity hedges, partially offset by lower COVID-19 related costs. related costs. Our ongoing supply chain productivity programs contributed a 150 basis point to gross margin, partially offsetting these inflationary headwinds. Our cost savings program which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program added 80 basis points to our growth margin. Moving onto other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses decreased $91 million or 34% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This decrease was driven by lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, lower selling expenses, and lower marketing overhead costs. A&C declined 52%, reflecting our elevated pandemic-driven level of investment in the prior year to attract and retain new households. However, A&C was comparable to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Overall, our adjusted marketing and selling expenses represented 9.3% of net sales during the quarter, a 330 basis point decrease compared to last year. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased $30 million or 18%, with approximately 1/2 of the decrease driven by the estimated impact of the additional week in the prior-year quarter. The balance of the decrease reflected lower general administrative costs, higher charitable contributions in the prior year, and benefits associated with our cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher IT costs. Adjusted administrative expenses represented 7.4% of net sales during the quarter. A 60 basis point decrease compared to last year. Moving to the next slide. We have continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear enterprise cost savings initiatives. This quarter we achieved $25 million in incremental year-over-year savings, which came in ahead of our expectations, resulting in full-year savings of $80 million with the majority of the savings from the Snyder's-Lance integration. We remain on track to deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. On slide 25, we are providing a total Company-adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT declined by 13% as the net sales declined, including the impact of the additional week in the prior-year quarter and the 420 basis points gross margin contraction resulted in an $84 million and $77 million EBIT headwind respectively. Partially offsetting this was lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses contributing 330 basis points to adjusted EBIT margin, and lower adjusted administrative and R&D expenses contributing 50 basis points. The estimated impact to EBIT from the additional week in fiscal 2020 was $22 million. Overall, our adjusted EBITDA margin decreased year-over-year by only 30 basis points to 14.3% The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items, a $0.10 impact of lower adjusted EBIT, and a $0.01 impact of higher adjusted taxes partially offset by a $0.03 favorable impact from lower interest expense resulted in better than expected adjusted EPS of $0.55. down $0.08 from $0.63 per share in the prior year of which an estimated $0.04 was driven by the additional week in fiscal 2020. In Meals & Beverages declines across U.S. retail products, including U.S. Soups, Prego pasta sauces, and Pace Mexican sauces led to a 9% decrease in fourth-quarter organic net sales compared to the prior year. The decline was driven by volume decreases in U.S. retail due to last year's partial retail inventory recovery and increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption in the prior year quarter. However, versus the comparable period in fiscal 2019, organic net sales increased 10%. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, sales of U.S. Soups decreased 21%, 7 points of which were driven by the additional week in the prior year, while at the same time cycling a 52% increase in the prior-year quarter, operating earnings for Meals & Beverages decreased 30% to $129 million. The decrease was primarily due to sales volume declines, including the additional week and a lower gross margin partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses, as well as lower administrative expenses. The lower gross margin resulted from higher other supply chain costs, net of lower COVID-19 related costs, higher cost inflation, including higher freight costs, and ingredients and packaging inflation, and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements. Overall, within our Meals & Beverages division, the fourth-quarter operating margin decreased year-over-year by 290 basis points to 15.2%. Within Snacks, organic net sales increased 1% to $1 billion driven by volume gains in Goldfish Crackers and our salty snack s portfolio including Snack Factory PetroQuest's, Snyder's of Hanover pretzels, and Cape Cod potato chips, partially offset by declines in partner brands and fresh bakery. Favorable price and sales allowances and lower promotional spending also contributed to sales growth. Compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, Snacks organic net sales grew 7%. Operating earnings for Snacks increased 7% for the quarter, driven by lower marketing and selling expenses partially offset by sales volume declines, including the impact of the additional week and a lower gross margin. The lower gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation and other supply-chain costs net of lower COVID-19 related costs, partially offset by the benefit of cost savings initiatives, supply chain productivity improvement, favorable price, and sales allowances, and lower promotional spending. Overall, within our Snacks division, the fourth-quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 170 basis points to 14.2%. I'll now turn to cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2021 cash flow from operations decreased from $1.4 billion in the prior year to $1 billion primarily due to change in working capital mostly from a significant increase in accounts payable in the prior year and lower accrued liabilities in the current year. Our year-to-date cash for investing activities was reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $275 million, which was slightly lower than the prior year, driven by discontinued operations and the net proceeds from the sale of Plum. Our year-to-date cash outflows for financing activities were $1.7 billion, reflecting cash outlays due to dividends paid of $439 million as we continue to focus on delivering a meaningful return of cash to our shareholders. Additionally, we reduced our debt by $1.2 billion. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $69 million. In June, the Board authorized a $250 million anti-diluted share repurchase program, to offset the impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. As you saw in today's press release, we reinstituted our strategic share repurchase program with a $500 million program replacing the suspended $1.5 billion program which has been canceled. The Company expects to fund the repurchases out of its existing cash flow generation. Turning to Slide 30. As covered in our press release, we're providing guidance for full-year fiscal 2022. We expect continued uncertainty around the duration and effects of the pandemic on industry-wide supply chain networks, resulting in accelerating inflationary pressures and a constrained labor market. We expect to partially mitigate these headwinds with well-executed pricing and planned productivity initiatives, as well as our cost savings program. First-half margins, particularly in the first quarter, will continue to be impacted by transitional headwinds cycling prior year's elevated sales and scale efficiencies, with comparisons easing in the second half of the fiscal year. We expect organic net sales to be minus 1 to plus 1% adjusted EBIT of minus 8 to minus 5% and adjusted EPS of minus 8 to minus 4% versus the fiscal 2021 results. Fiscal 2021 results include a twelve cents benefit from market to market gains on outstanding commodity hedges, and an approximate $0.02 adjusted EPS contribution from Plum. For additional context on mark-to-market, please refer to today's Form 8-K. Importantly, when considering these items, the upper end of our fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS range is in line with fiscal 2021 performance. As you see on Slide 31, we expect core inflation for the year to be high single-digits with a more pronounced impact in the second half of fiscal 2022 which we plan to address with price increases and trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements, and cost savings initiatives, and a continued focus on discretionary spending across the organization. Moving to additional assumptions, we expect ongoing supply chain productivity gains of approximately 2% to 3% for the year, excluding the benefit of our cost savings program. As previously mentioned, we expect to continue to progress on our cost savings program and expect to deliver an incremental $45 million in fiscal 2022, keeping us on track to deliver 850 million by the end of the fiscal year. Additionally, we expect a net interest expense of $190 million to $195 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%, which is largely in line with fiscal 2021. While cognizant of our current operating environment, we expect to continue to invest in the business, targeting capital expenditures of approximately $330 million which includes carryover projects from fiscal 2021. Additionally, we expect the net of adjusted administrative expenses and adjusted other income to increase as a percentage of net sales, reflecting the planned information technology investments and related costs, and the cycling of lower administrative items in the prior year. All-in, we expect year-over-year operating margin improvement in the second half of the year. Overall, as Mark said, we had a positive finish to the year. We are truly grateful to our teams, and for their continued dedication and commitment as we head into fiscal 2022. And with that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. In closing, we feel good about how we landed fiscal 2021, amidst the difficult environment. We expect fiscal 2022 will be a complicated transitional year, but I'm confident that with our strong in-market momentum and the progress that we've made, we will successfully navigate through it. I look forward to sharing our view on how we intend to unlock the full growth and value potential of this fantastic Company going forward at our Investor Day on December 14th. With that, we'll now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] One moment, please, for our first question. Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much for the question. I was hoping we could get into maybe some of the key assumptions underpinning the full-year EPS range for fiscal '22, in terms of assumptions around retention of new households, gross margin, and SG&A, marketing spend in particular, really just a better assess the level of confidence and conservatism in the full-year forecast, particularly in light of the expected challenging 1Q and the higher inflation anticipated in the second half that could mute the second-half recovery. And I really ask this because I still get the feel from many investor conversations that the broader food group is maybe still not fully factoring in the full challenges ahead in guidance. So thank you.
Mark Clouse: Sure. Thanks, Andrew. That's a full question, so let me -- let me try to piece out a couple of different elements in there. First, why don't we talk a little bit about the kind of the basis of the assumptions for our guidance and how we're thinking about it. So first let's talk a little bit about the top-line. I think on part of the -- part of the composition of the year is going to be a little bit of a tale of two halves because I do foresee a first half that's going to feel a little bit more like what we've been experiencing in the fourth quarter while seeing sequential improvement as pricing comes into play, which is obviously a significant contributor as we go forward. And then in the back half, even though we do expect really driven on the back of the packaging inflation as it relates to steel in particular as our contract turns on the calendar year. But even with that in mind, we're expecting improvement in the back half and overall momentum as we exit the year. So, I think when you think about the top line next year, I do think that we see terrific momentum in our business today. We accelerated that momentum in Q4, we expect to continue to see positive in-market performance as we move forward. We are going to lap a pretty significant inventory replenishment that occurred primarily in the first quarter, but through into the second quarter. But I think the underlying health of the business, we expect to continue to be positive. And of course, sadly, with COVID resurgence, I think some of the consumer dynamics that supported demand are likely going to be with us for a while longer. I also continue to be very encouraged by the retention of households, and really the sustainment of repeat levels that are very broad-based across our portfolio. Obviously, Soup is one that we're watching very closely. And again, I don't think we've ever had, or at least not in recent history, a sustained period of progress so broadly across that part of our business. And with what we're bringing relative to innovation and other elements, we're feeling very good about that. I do think a governor a little bit on this and a recognition of a little bit of then we'll wire is your guide the way it is. because we also have to be mindful of what is a very significant pressure on labor that we're experiencing right now. And as I talked about that a little bit in the last quarter, I think we've seen that sustained through the fourth quarter and expect to still be wrestling with that. Although, I think we're taking some terrific actions and we're seeing some progress in some areas. Arguably, one of the toughest moments, certainly that I've seen as it relates to labor. We're running about 2 times our normal vacancy rates. and as a translation into what that means, think about it as around somewhere in the neighborhood of 6% of our positions that are open, either vacant or absent, and that is making it tougher to fully meet the demand. So I think you sense or feel a little bit of that balance in our topline projections for the year. And I'll say this a couple of times, but if you go top of the range to the bottom of the range, it kind of reflects how we do on that -- in that area. And so that's how we've thought about the topline. When you get to margin, it's more distinctively the first half, second half discussion, were really primarily in the first half, but really more so even in the first quarter, as we see pricing come into fruition. Of course, inflation now as we leave the covered positions of '21 into '22, we definitely are seeing higher inflation, but also feeling very good about the traction we're getting relative to the pricing actions that we put in place. We've got good, strong productivity that we think will certainly help mitigate that as well. But certainly, you're going to be in that transitional quarter of pricing coming in with higher inflation. And then as pricing's fully in place, we expect that to stabilize. As we did note, as steel prices have gone up significantly, we are expecting a tick up and inflation in the back half, not enough to offset the progress in the other areas and the comparable numbers that we're going to be lapping but generally a little bit more mitigation and that's although we've got good programs, I think we've got a good plan for it. That's a pretty significant driver as we look through the balance of the year and then what we've been calling transitional cost, which again in the fourth quarter we're fairly consistent with what we saw in the third quarter. We expect that to be consistent in the first quarter and then begin to mitigate as we move forward from there. So I do think as the year unfolds. I feel like we are assuming that as we both lap as well as see some relief in a couple of areas while we get pricing fully in place, I think we have a fairly balanced approach. And not unlike what I was talking about around top-line, I think the high end and the low end of the ranges of guidance are a little bit reflective of what variability could occur relative to where we are seeing inflation or coverage of that inflation to give you a sense of kind of how we've thought about the year and then of course, as you dropped the EPS, a little less difference between where EPS and EBITDA are relative to what we see the kind of happening below the line. So that -- I don't know, from a macro basis, that's kind of the way we are thinking about the pieces. Maybe worth just going back to you to see if you've got any specific element you want to dive into a little bit more. I know this is a big question for the day, though.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. Very helpful overall perspective. I appreciate it, I guess really it's just more on marketing spend. That's certainly --
Mark Clouse: Oh, yes --
Andrew Lazar: Where all questions this morning just to get a sense of playing out for the year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So let me hit that would head on and maybe a good way to start with it is to give you a little bit of an explanation on Q4 because I know as you unpack with numbers. And again, I think we foreshadowed this, but it's important to remember that in the fourth quarter of '20. We were in a position where we had a significant opportunity to kind of double down and invest in a more significant way, which by the way, I'm very glad that we did because as I've said before, I think it did 2 things; gave us some momentum as we were solidifying relationships with a lot of new consumers, especially millennials. But it also gave us a great opportunity to learn and figure out what was working, what wasn't working, which helped us really dial into the most efficient through the highest returning spends. As you flip to the page to Q4 of '21, you see a significant drop in marketing and selling. But underpinning that, what you have is essentially advertising and marketing that are at about the same level as Q4 '19. And as you've seen our results behind it, and again, arguably always a little bit of a lag. But as you see our results relative to it, I think I feel great about the investment levels overall that we have. And as you think about going into next year, I do think you may see a little bit of movement between the quarters, but overall from marketing spend, I think we're at a good level. We may have a little bit of incremental investment in a couple of areas as we're adding innovation and working through the balance of the year, but it'll be a relatively stable investment year. We're not expecting marketing to be a source of opportunity to offset inflation at all, right? We feel good about the levels we're at and we want to make sure that we continue to refine the effectiveness of it, but we're committed to spending behind the businesses. I mean, I think the last thing in the world we'd want to do is slow down the momentum that we're seeing in-market, because it's certainly been, for us, a bit of an unprecedented period of really broad-based market share expansion and growth in key businesses. And so we want to -- we know long-term coming out of this thing, that's what's going to matter most. And so, we're going to be very guarded on it, even though I recognize on paper Q4 needs a little bit of context. But relative to how we're thinking about it going forward, we're expecting a very stable investment.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: I just wanted to ask for a follow-up on inflation. And I guess just 2 points to cover. One, the high single-digit, is that growth inflation or is that net of productivity? That's the first one.
Mick Beekhuizen: That's gross, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thanks. And then the second one, just in terms of trying to understand. Do we get a lot of questions about just how much of that high single-digit inflation expectation is, more or less locked-in? And how much is variable, right? Meaning could swing up or down, depending on conditions. And I guess one of the things that we've been hearing consistently through the month of August as we've touched base with companies is there's a lot of volatility and freight, even if you've got the contract. I mean, it's sometimes it's not even the truck doesn't even show up, let alone paying higher for the contract. So, it seems like there's just a lot of volatility there. And then anything resin-based, whether it's snack bags, bag liners, resin cups, and IDA probably complicates that a little bit gave what it's doing to the refining complex. Anyway, just any context there in terms of how much is fixed and how much could be variable, thanks.
Mark Clouse: I'll let Mick walk through kind of our coverage position and then I'll give you a little bit of qualitative view of it. I totally understand the question and there's a little bit of mix here, I would say, of certainty and pragmatic forecast positions as we look at the -- at anticipating some variables that aren't necessarily locked down, but that I think we have a good sense of where we'll likely be.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. If you look at it from an ingredient-impact perspective, at this point in time in the year, we are covered to about 2/3s. So for the fiscal year next year, which is very typical, and probably a little bit more front-end loaded coverage. And then throughout the year, you have a little bit more exposure. But about, I would say 2/3 right now.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. And I'd say of that remaining 1/3, as you know, we do have a pretty significant piece of this which is relative to our cans as it relates to steel prices. And so what we're doing there is using a -- and that gets really locked in more at the turn of the calendar year. Although, I do think we have a much clearer picture of the kind of where we are, and our work through that as we sit here today. But we've got an economic forecast that I think is generally consistent with where prices are today. You are right, the resin is another area that we've seen some tick up in cost as well, but I think we've covered that. And again, as we navigate through the balance of the year, I think you should expect us to continue to use the full tool bag to cover that, whether it's some combination of promotion and trade spending, some price pack architecture that we've worked on, as well as the likelihood that there may be some places where we're coming back with a second wave of pricing designed to match very clearly in a very transparent way where we have some of these more explicit costs. I would say, I think that will be much more surgical and specific than the pricing that we already have in place. But I do think, as we look at the outlook, we see a mix of those variables in our plan to help us cover that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Just on the 2/3, 1/3, would that include logistics in freight as well?
Mick Beekhuizen: No, that's more related to the raw and packaging side of things. And then, we have a pretty decent chunk of our freight and logistics covered as well at this point in time with contracts that we put in place.
Mark Clouse: Yes. It's definitely been volatile, you're right. In particular, I think we've seen more variability in areas like ocean freight, which was -- had been a bit more stable. And I think that's adding some volatility. But I think as we've -- remember you're also beginning to -- as you go into '22, begin to lap some of the volatility we were experiencing in fiscal '21. And so your comparables do get a little bit easier as the year unfolds. But as we said, as we think about some of these transitional costs in the first half, that's partly why we see a little bit more of that headwind at the beginning of the year as we've tried to be prudent in making the appropriate estimate as it relates to where those costs are going to come in based on how we're seeing them today.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Mick.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much. Mark, last quarter when you were asked about pricing, you said a number of things, but one thing was that you were, I think being thoughtful, strategic about reflecting critical price thresholds, I think you said the last thing you want is to shut down growth and share. And I think some people came away from that with the idea that you want to have some pricing, but a little bit of a balanced approach. I'm just curious if your thoughts on that have evolved at all, right? Maybe you've seen elasticity a little bit lower than you expected across food at home, maybe a little bit more inflation. I'm just trying to get a sense; are you willing to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing just given some of the changes you've seen in the last few months, or do you still want to kind of take that balanced approach to things?
Mark Clouse: It's a great question. I think the first thing I would say is, we definitely have been encouraged by what we're seeing early on as it relates to elasticity. And I think just the -- perhaps the broad-based nature of the inflation is supporting perhaps a little lower than historical levels as it relates to what the elasticities are. I also think that the strength of our brands right now and the momentum relative to businesses, a great example is our Swanson business, which as we've returned supply into the marketplace. As you might remember over the last year or so, we'd lost a lot of share to lower-cost players, which I think for me was going to be an important test for that brand as we came back in the supply. And we've done extremely well on recovering the share that we had surrendered. And so, I do think perhaps my view of where the boundaries are -- have expanded. However, I do think there still are some boundaries. And so, I think although, it's giving us perhaps permission to reflect and continue to do the best job we can in juggling the pressure relative to inflation with wanting to protect the franchises and the brand's long term. I think we've got more room. And I think that although there will be some places where I think we still want to make the right, smart trade-off for the long-term health, there's no question that I am feeling more confident in our ability to carry pricing that I might have initially as we were talking in the third quarter.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Great. I'll let it go there. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yup
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Lavery from, Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: I just want to drill into the third of the [Indiscernible] that's exposed. Specifically just to understand where steel costs fit in. I know you touched on that's not finalized yet, given just the calendar nature of that contract. Can you give any sense of what assumptions you've made around it, and I assume the timing of finalizing those terms is consistent with prior years, but I don't think the magnitude of increase in spot rates we're seeing is really similar. Just can you help us understand your planning position there?
Mark Clouse: Yes. We're doing a lot more what I would say, iterative collaboration with suppliers to understand more in real-time what they're seeing so that we can plan appropriately. And so that -- what that implies is that as we've seen the increase occur, our outlook or our reflection on cost for the year includes that. We're not assuming some big relief on steel prices as we go through the year. I do think what we're going to want to do is probably work with suppliers to make sure that we're able to accommodate variability that may be occurring throughout the year. But I think from a planning standpoint, we've taken what I think is probably balanced to conservative in our position. But of course, I think the volatility around, in particular, that cost has been quite significant, as you know. But I think no one's banking on a reversal of that in the current forecast that we've got.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on that. So it sounds like maybe in a way that's a bit unprecedented, you may have a much more flexible or variable contract, and recognizing that sounds like it's still not finalized, would we be right to think that that could go up or down?
Mark Clouse: You know, it's a good -- so, I would just say we're having, as you would expect, pretty meaningful conversations on that right now. And I think, again, philosophically, my perspective on this is predictability is really the priority, and so I would want to be careful and balanced in our ability to have certainty versus banking on something going in a better direction. So generally speaking, I'm going to want to know what we're dealing with. But I also think you're right. It is certainly somewhat of an unprecedented window. And so how do you think about where there are floors and ceilings to certain things, maybe a conversation that we continue to have. Hopefully, that helps but a little bit of a work in progress. But I think, for now, assuming kind of not a major change, I think is probably a pretty prudent position.
Michael Lavery: Okay thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks.
Mark Clouse: You're up.
Robert Moskow: Mark and Mick -- Hi. Forgive me if I missed this, but have you said how much you think your pricing is going to be up in fiscal '22? And is it also going to be back half-loaded? I'm just trying to do back-of-the-envelope math, because it looks like your internal inflation could be up as much as 10% in the back half of your year, which would mean your pricing would need to be up 5 or 6?
Mark Clouse: Yeah.
Robert Moskow: Am I in the right ballpark?
Mark Clouse: So you're in the right ballpark. I'd say a little bit lower as it relates to the full year and back half inflation, and then on pricing, I think as you take all of the variables into account, as we've said before, we're probably somewhere in the middle, single digits in that area. Again, that obviously incorporates a variety of tools, but that's a pretty good assumption relative to where we are.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And for my follow-up is, that would imply a volume decline of the same amount. So how did you go about determining what that volume decline would look like? And how do you factor in the possibility anyway, that there will be declining food-at-home consumption as well?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I think we've looked at the -- it is a set of variables that are in there. Again, we talked a little bit earlier about elasticities and a little bit of growing confidence as it relates to our ability to navigate pricing perhaps without seeing some of the historical levels that would translate necessarily into the 5%. I think you're working a little bit of a couple of different puzzle pieces together. One, we continue to imagine that we'll be investing, we're adding innovation, we are, on the flip side lapping some inventory replenishment that we saw at the beginning of last year. But I think the net of it is, we do expect that to be -- to result in a relatively flat year for top-line, and that's kind of reflected in our ranges. And again, if we -- remember in the backdrop of all this too, Rob is a little bit of the labor situation and how we are going to be able to meet the level of demand and our ability to navigate that. I think we're a lot smarter, a lot more experienced in that now than we were perhaps a year and a half ago when the journey began. But at the same time, again, I would say, consistent with many of my peers, the labor challenges that we're seeing are certainly tougher than I ever remember. And I think the combination of those variables was how we're getting to the outlook. But I don't think we're leaning out on any of those assumptions. I think we've been fair like I said, pragmatic or balanced in our view. But I think there's going to be put and takes. And so although I think you may see pressure downward as it relates to pricing, I think there is likely going to continue to be a catalyst for growth and progress as well. And remember, some of our businesses, especially like our Snacks businesses, have been pretty steady contributors of growth, even though a little bit of the ups and downs as we've been navigating the pandemic. So, I think there's going to be a mix of variables, but I think where we've kind of pegged that's probably about right.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Palmer from Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Just a follow-up to that question from Rob. Pricing net of inflation through the year, how should that trend? It sounds like the second half's higher in inflation. Is pricing going to track with that, or perhaps be accelerating more through the year as such, the relationship gets better for gross margins? And I have a quick follow-up.
Mark Clouse: Yes. The way I would think about plotting that course is gaining traction through Q1. Taking a little bit of time to get that fully reflected well in place as we go through Q2, I do think you'll see efforts for us to balance the step up if you will, in inflation as we get to the back half. But I do think you may see a little bit more pressure there. But remember, you've got several tailwinds as you're getting to the back half of the year. So I think the ability to still show that sequential progress in margins as we get to the back half of the year, even with those assumptions relative to inflation, I think still will be positive.
David Palmer: And then just a follow-up on Biscuits and Snacks. With the roughly 13.5% segment margin, it seems like there would be some reasons for that to get better over time that were independent of this cost absorption year. Lapping a supply chain for one, plus all the improvements that you've been making. Could you perhaps help us squint and look through the inflation cycle and think about what could be happening there from a segment perspective basis on margins? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So that will be a prime topic of discussion. When I see you get -- when I see you guys in December, but here's what I can tell you. I continue to believe very strongly in the potential for us to improve margins on Snacks. And for us to continue to close or reduce the gap between where we are today, and where we see ourselves relative to kind of Snacks margin averages. I think as time goes on. we continue to get better clarity and a better understanding of the building blocks and the variables that will help us get there. And at the same time, I just would say that as you're looking at the here and now, if you think about where we started the journey to where we find ourselves, there's probably somewhere around 150 basis points of margin that I would call just transitional costs that are dampening some of the productivity and savings that we've been generating over the last several years. Part of it is as planned investments, a part of the -- of offsets to the productivity has been -- or the value capture has been planned investments in both the infrastructure and in marketing in some cases. But I think beyond that, we're probably looking at about 150 like I said, basis points that are dampening the baseline. And then as we project forward, I think what you're going to see is a combination of building blocks that will help us build off of that adjusted base. And hopefully, in December, I'll be able to give you greater confidence, and what those look like. I know we've been kind of dripping that out for several quarters now. But it'll be good to kind of get to the December period and I think I felt like it was important to kind of keep playing through a little bit of this short-term kind of transitional pressure as we get ready for that conversation. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of how we're looking at it and then how we're thinking about the future.
David Palmer: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for the final remarks.
Rebecca Gardy: Great, thank you. The IR team is available for follow-up discussions. And thank you for your time and interest in Campbell Soup Company.
Operator: And with that, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-06-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Myra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. With that, I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Ms. Rebecca Gardy. Ms. Gardy, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell’s third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings presentation. I am Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Following the completion of this call, a copy of this presentation and a replay of the webcast will be available at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. A transcript of this earnings conference call will be available within 24 hours at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of each measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see today’s agenda. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO; and Chief Financial Officer, Mick Beekhuizen. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our third quarter performance and our in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2021. Mark will then make some closing remarks before moving to an analyst Q&A. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Throughout the last year, we rallied through the pandemic and made decisions focused on prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees, while meeting the needs of our customers and consumers. This approach has served us well over the past 15 months as we progressed our strategy in a volatile operating environment. Our team pulled together, we executed with excellence, and we delivered strong results. As you saw on our press release this morning, our results this quarter reflected the challenging comparisons to the prior year as we cycled the demand surge that accompanied the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigated several current headwinds. However, you will also have seen the continued strength in-market on market shares underpinned by healthy retention of new and younger households, and the full recovery of distribution levels. We did face a significant inflationary environment in the quarter as well as shorter-term increases in supply chain costs. We anticipated the vast majority of these drivers, but in certain areas the pressures intensified, especially around inflation and some of the transitional costs moving out of the COVID-19 environment. We are confident that we can address these issues, and we have plans and pricing already in place as we exit the fiscal year and enter fiscal 2022. Our confidence is further strengthened by our continued in-market momentum and the structural health of our business and brands. I will first review our results, and then share the context and actions we are taking to address these challenges and the improving trajectory we expect for the rest of the year as we head into fiscal 2022. As we outlined during our second quarter earnings call, we expected this would be a challenging quarter, and we recognize that there would be headwinds as we lap the peak of COVID-19 demand, manage the volatility of current market dynamics, and continue to navigate our own transformation agenda. We delivered sales of $1.98 billion, in line with our expectations as we cycled a 17% organic growth comparison to a year ago. Our sales results benefited from the continued momentum of our Snacks power brands and our U.S. retail products in our Meals & Beverage division as well as the early signs of recovery from our foodservice business. Importantly, our brands remain strong with nearly three quarters of our portfolio gaining or holding share in the quarter. In our core categories, most of our brands grew at higher rates than pre-pandemic levels and our brand consumption on a 2-year comparison grew 9%. These results were driven by our decision to invest in supply and service, while preserving brand investments with advertising and consumer promotion expense as a percentage of net sales comparable to last year. Looking ahead, we expect organic sales in the fourth quarter to decline versus last year as the COVID-19 lap continues. We do expect a sequential improvement from the third quarter as the comparison to prior year eases a bit, and our foodservice business continues to recover. From a margin perspective, our decline versus prior year, excluding the net benefit from mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding commodity hedges, stemmed from certain headwinds, which are grouped into three main buckets. First, external factors were larger than we had anticipated. We, like others, faced pronounced inflation related primarily to steeply higher transportation costs, some of which was an outcome from the strain of the Texas winter storms on supply chain logistics and the closure of our Paris, Texas facility for 2 weeks. These factors were partially offset by our productivity improvements, reflect about a third of the gross margin erosion in the third quarter and will continue into fiscal 2022. We currently expect the benefit from pricing actions we have put in place across our portfolio and our strong productivity plans to mitigate this inflation pressure in fiscal 2022, while we remain vigilant monitoring the ongoing dynamic nature of the current environment. The second bucket, I would characterize as transitional items that we are working our way through as we move out of the COVID-19 environment and fully recover on supply. This includes areas like lower fixed cost leverage as we lap the year ago elevated levels of demand, sustained labor challenges, and added investment in higher-cost co-manufacturers to recover fully on supply. We had factored these pressures into our plans, but in some cases they were more significant than anticipated as either the time to recover or the magnitude of the impact were greater than expected. These transitional costs reflect about half of our gross margin erosion in the quarter, and while we expect the impact of these costs to moderate into the fourth quarter, they will continue to add pressure as we fully cycle the COVID-19 environment. The third bucket is execution related to the high degree of transformation we have underway in our Snacks division. Throughout my time at Campbell, we have taken significant steps to improve our execution as we have steadily advanced our agenda. However, this quarter, the convergence of multiple transformation efforts, including systems, logistics, and capacity all put additional executional pressure on the business in a tough third quarter environment. We have already taken decisive actions to allocate more resources and better phase projects to address these issues. We do not expect these elements will have a material impact on the fourth quarter. And more importantly, they do not alter our long-term expectations for the Snacks margin expansion opportunity we highlighted last quarter, and we will share in greater detail during our Investor Day later this year. Although all these headwinds put pressure on our near-end performance, they do not represent structural issues, and we remain confident in our strategic plans. As a result of the third quarter pressures on margin, adjusted earnings per share came in lower than we expected at $0.57. As Mick will discuss in more depth, we are updating our guidance accordingly. Turning to our division performance, let me begin with Meals & Beverages. Our net sales decline of 14% and in-market performance of minus 24% in the third quarter reflect lapping the historically high consumption levels that we experienced during the onset of the pandemic last year. On a 2-year basis, we had net sales momentum in key categories with share gains over prior year in condensed soup, ready-to-serve soup, Swanson broth, Prego, and Pacific Foods. Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we delivered strong consumption growth of 9% against organic net sales growth of 3% with the gap driven by our foodservice business, which continued to recover as governments gradually eased onsite dining restrictions in some markets. Overall, as we have invested in our service levels, they are stabilizing, and we are now in a better position on supply across the division. We have restored the shelf in the majority of our categories and our share of total points of distribution is consistent with pre-COVID-19 levels across U.S. soup, Prego, and V8 beverages. In-market consumption for soup was strong versus 2 years ago, growing at 9% and gaining dollar share. We delivered record share growth in U.S. soup of nearly 2 points driven by condensed soups, Swanson broth, Chunky, and Pacific Foods. We also made significant progress on the retention of new households since the onset of the pandemic. Soup gained dollar share in all three categories, with millennials driving strong growth in condensed cooking, broth and ready-to-serve soup. We are confident that the brand investments made are working as buyers and buy rate remain elevated compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. We continue to be encouraged by the sustainment of quick scratch cooking behaviors and in-home eating occasions even as COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. In fact, condensed delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of dollar share gains growing share nearly 3 points. Notably, with millennial consumers, condensed grew share by nearly 4 points. Within ready-to-serve, Chunky delivered double-digit in-market consumption growth on a 2-year basis. Pacific Foods continued to be a powerful growth engine within our soup portfolio with in-market consumption growth of nearly 30% on a 2-year basis and continued share gains versus prior year, marking its sixth consecutive quarter of share improvement. On Swanson broth, as we invested to restore distribution and service, we increased share by nearly 2 points versus prior year. On a 2-year basis, we grew household penetration by more than 1 point and saw higher repeat rates on our brand. Prego delivered its 24th consecutive month with the number one share position in the Italian sauce category and achieved its strongest share gain in over 3 years. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, we are seeing strong repeat rates and buyer retention on this brand as well as strong resonance with millennial consumers. Overall, the Meals & Beverage division delivered a strong in-market quarter against difficult comparisons with share gains in key categories, especially among younger consumers, TPD gains and improved service levels continuing to support our confidence that it will emerge from the pandemic in a stronger position. Let’s now turn to Snacks, where our power brands continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 14% on a 2-year basis despite being down 5% year-over-year. On a 2-year basis, total snacks consumption grew 10% against organic net sales growth of 3%, with the gap driven by the decline in our partner brands and continued pressure in the convenience channels. We grew share on many of our power brands over prior year and repeat rates on 7 of 9 power brands are ahead of pre-COVID-19 levels. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of share growth on Late July snacks, Kettle Brand potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Lance sandwich crackers. On a 2-year comparison within the power brands, our salty snack brands grew in-market consumption nearly 20% and increased household penetration across the majority of these brands. Our Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse products also continued to deliver exceptional results, with in-market consumption growth of 9% on top of the prior year increase. Turning to Goldfish, we returned to share growth, increasing by more than 1 point compared to prior year. This was in part due to an improved performance on multi-packs, continued momentum on flavor blasted Goldfish, and new broadened digital activation. We also exited the quarter with early momentum from the launch of limited edition Frank’s RedHot Goldfish. With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our third quarter results in more detail and our guidance for the full year.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 12, as Mark just shared, our third quarter results were impacted by last year’s demand surge related to the start of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the gross margin impact due to pronounced inflation, our transition out of the COVID-19 environment and some executional pressure as we continued to advance our transformation agenda, primarily in our Snacks division. During the quarter, organic net sales declined 12% and adjusted EBIT decreased 27%, driven by lower sales volume and a lower adjusted gross margin partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations decreased 31% to $0.57 per share, primarily reflecting the decrease in adjusted EBIT. Year-to-date, our organic net sales increased 1%, driven by lower promotional spending in both divisions. Meals & Beverages increased 1%, mainly driven by growth in U.S. soup and V8 beverages, partially offset by declines in foodservice. In Snacks, organic net sales were flat as declines in Lance sandwich crackers and in partner brands within the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio were offset by gains in our salty snacks portfolio and our fresh bakery product. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT of $1.14 billion was comparable to prior year, as a lower adjusted gross margin and increased adjusted administrative expenses were offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses, higher adjusted other income and sales volume gains. Within marketing and selling expenses, lower selling and other marketing costs were partially offset by a 3% increase in advertising and consumer promotion expense, or A&C. Year-to-date, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.2% compared to 17.3% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 4% to $2.43 per share, primarily reflecting lower adjusted net interest expense. I will review in the next couple of slides our third quarter results in more detail and provide revised guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2021, reflecting these results and our expectation for sustained inflationary pressures through the remainder of the year. Our organic net sales decreased 12% during the quarter lapping the prior year organic net sales increase of 17% when the demand for at-home consumption surged at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, organic net sales grew 3%. Our adjusted gross margin decreased by 290 basis points in the third quarter from 34.7% to 31.8%. On the slides, you will see the various items bridging the year-over-year change in our overall gross margin. Now, let me tie it back to Mark’s earlier comments, which excludes the 250 basis points net benefit from mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding commodity hedges, included in inflation and other in the bridge. First, external factors led to about one-third of the year-over-year decrease in margin. These external factors included approximately 290 basis points of inflation and some temporary disruption from the Texas storm back in February. Both reflected inflation and other in the bridge. Cost inflation was approximately 4% on a rate basis, which was higher than anticipated, largely driven by freight rates. Partially offsetting these headwinds was our ongoing supply chain productivity program, which contributed 150 basis points to gross margin and included initiatives, among others, within procurement and logistics optimization. Second, headwinds related to our transition into the post COVID-19 operating environment represented about half of the gross margin decline as we transitioned from last year’s demand surge, mix and operating leverage, each had an approximate 110 basis point negative impact on gross margin in the third quarter. Net pricing drove a positive 30 basis point improvement. The remainder were incremental other supply chain costs within inflation and other such as increased costs associated with co-manufacturing to support supply and distribution recovery. Third, executional challenges, which represented the remainder of the decline were mostly incremental other supply chain costs within inflation and other. These costs were mainly related to the transformation of our Snacks division and were partially offset by our cost savings program, which added 60 basis points to our gross margin. Moving on to other operating items, marketing and selling expenses decreased $37 million or 15% in the quarter. This decrease was driven by lower A&C, lower incentive compensation, lower selling expenses and benefits of cost savings initiatives. Overall, our marketing and selling expenses represented 10.2% of net sales during the quarter compared to 10.7% last year. As a percentage of net sales, total A&C was comparable to the prior year quarter. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased $2 million or 1% driven primarily by lower incentive compensation partially offset by higher benefit related costs. Adjusted administrative expenses represented 7.2% of net sales during the quarter, an 80 basis point increased compared to last year. Moving to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings initiatives. This quarter, we achieved $20 million in incremental year-over-year savings resulting in year-to-date savings of $55 million. We expect an additional $20 million in the fourth quarter to deliver an aggregate $75 million of cost savings for the fiscal year with the majority of the savings from the Snyder’s-Lance integration. We remain on track to deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. On Slide 17, we are providing a total company adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT declined by 27%. The previously mentioned net sales decline resulted in a $88 million EBIT headwind, while the 290 basis point gross margin decline resulted in a $58 million EBIT headwind. Both were partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Overall, our adjusted EBIT margin decreased year-over-year by 290 basis points to 14.3%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.26 from $0.83 in the prior year quarter to $0.57 per share due to the negative $0.26 impact of adjusted EBIT as slightly lower interest expense was offset by slightly higher adjusted taxes. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales decreased 15% to $1 billion, primarily due to declines across U.S. retail products, including U.S. soup and Prego pasta sauces, as well as declines in Canada and foodservice. Sales of U.S. soup decreased 21% due to volume declines in condensed soups, ready-to-serve soups and broth, lapping a 35% increase in the prior year quarter. For Meals & Beverages, volume decreased in U.S. retail, driven by lapping increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year quarter when organic net sales increased 21%. Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, organic net sales in Meals & Beverages grew 3%. Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages decreased 35% to $179 million. The decrease was primarily due to sales volume declines and the lower gross margin partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. The lower gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation, including higher freight costs, other supply chain costs such as external sourcing and the weather-related disruption at the beginning of the quarter, reduced operating leverage and unfavorable product mix partially offset by the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements. Overall, within our Meals & Beverages division, the operating margin decreased year-over-year by 550 basis points to 17.2%. Within Snacks, organic net sales decreased 8%, driven by volume declines within our salty snacks portfolio, including Pop Secret popcorn, Cape Cod potato chips and Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels, as well as in Lance sandwich crackers, partner brands and fresh bakery. Volume declines were partially driven by lapping increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year quarter when organic net sales increased 12%. Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, Snacks organic net sales grew 3%. Operating earnings for Snacks decreased 29% for the quarter, driven by a lower gross margin and sales volume declines, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses and lower administrative expenses. The lower gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs, reduced operating leverage and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements. Overall, within our Snacks division, the operating margin decreased year-over-year by 350 basis points to 11.5%. I will now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal year-to-date cash flow from operations decreased from $1.1 billion in the prior year to $881 million, primarily due to changes in working capital principally from lower accrued liabilities and lapping significant benefits in accounts payable in the prior year. Our year-to-date cash for investing activities were largely reflective of the cash outlay from capital expenditures of $190 million, which was $30 million lower than the prior year, primarily driven by discontinued operations. Our year-to-date cash outflows for financing activities were $1.4 billion, reflecting cash outlays due to dividends paid of $327 million. Additionally, we reduced our debt by $1 billion. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $209 million. As you saw in our press release, given the continued strong cash flow generation and progress regarding the reduction of our leverage, in addition to the increase of our dividend announced in December, the Board of Directors authorized a new anti-dilutive share repurchase program of up to $250 million to offset the impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. The company’s March 2017 strategic share repurchase program remains suspended. Turning to Slide 22, as covered in our press release, we are updating guidance to reflect our third quarter results and the impact of the sale of the Plum Baby Food and Snacks business, which was completed on May 3, 2021. In the fourth quarter, we expect more pronounced inflationary pressures to negatively impact margins while pricing actions take hold in the beginning of fiscal 2022. In addition, although we expect to make progress on the transition into the post COVID-19 environment, it will remain a headwind from a margin perspective. While we expect gross margin headwinds to persist through the fourth quarter, we expect a sequential improvement of our EBIT margin relative to prior year, due to easier comparables, improved execution and normalizing marketing investments. We expect net sales for fiscal 2021 to decline 3.5% to 3% excluding the impact from the 53rd week in fiscal 2020 and the impact of the European Chips and Plum divestitures, we expect organic net sales to decline 1.2% and to minus 0.7%. To put our fiscal 2021 organic net sales guidance into perspective, at the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect fiscal 2021 to be 6% above fiscal 2019. We expect adjusted EBIT of minus 5% to minus 4%. We expect net interest expense of $210 million to $250 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%. As a result, we expect adjusted EPS of $2.90 to $2.93 per share, representing a year-over-year decline of minus 2% to minus 1% to the prior year. The EPS impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2020 was estimated to be $0.04 per share. To put our fiscal 2021 EPS guidance into perspective, at the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect fiscal 2021 to be in line with fiscal 2020, considering the impact of the 53rd week and 27% above fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS. Regarding capital expenditures, we now expect to spend approximately $300 million for the full year, which is below previous expectations, driven by the impact from COVID-19 on the operating environment. In closing, I want to reiterate Mark’s conviction in the long-term performance of Campbell. We are working diligently to deliver the results we know we are capable of delivering. And I remain optimistic about our strategy, our team and the underlying strength of our brands. And with that, let me turn it back to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. In closing, we expected this to be a challenging quarter for the company, but it was made even tougher by several additional factors. However, we do not see these challenges as structural nor do they temper in any way our confidence in the transformation we are implementing at Campbell. We knew this would not be simple, and we remain confident in how we are responding and the actions already underway. Finally, and most importantly, for the long-term health of our business is the progress we are making on our categories and brands and the overwhelmingly positive indicators that we are seeing from consumers and customers. We will address the inflation and execution. And as we continue to demonstrate sustainable growth, we will unlock Campbell’s full potential. With that, we will now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question, comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, Mark and Mick.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: I guess to start off, thanks for going through the detail on some of the challenges in the quarter. Given how fiscal 3Q played out, I’m trying to get a sense of maybe what gives you the confidence that you now have, I guess, the appropriate visibility for fiscal 4Q? And then maybe more important, it sounds like you have comfort that these issues are addressable and largely not structural. And so, it’s obviously early to be talking with any specificity about fiscal ‘22, but some of these challenges, I think you mentioned are likely to persist a bit and be margin headwinds next year. So, I am trying to get a sense of between the combination of pricing, productivity, some of the actions that you’re taking in the Snacks segment and such, I mean do you anticipate you’ll have sort of – and obviously elevated sales potentially as well. Do you anticipate you’ll have the firepower, so to speak, to at least help address or mitigate some of those costs to sort of protect profitability in a better way in ‘22? Or are those things that I mentioned maybe at this point not expected to be enough given some of the pressures you’ve gone into next year?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Great question, Andrew. Let me start with Q4. And then, obviously, we will stop short to kind of giving a lot of detail on ‘22. But I’ll give you a perspective on kind of how we see that and how we thought about the variables that we talked about for this quarter affecting the business going forward. But first on Q4, I do – again, I’m always – in the current environment we’re in, certainly, we have had a couple – tough to predict a couple of the variables we’ve seen, but I do feel good that what we experienced in Q3 and how that translates into Q4, we’ve done a very good job of connecting those dots. And I do think you’ll see sequential improvement for a variety of reasons. First, I think we’re not going to have the winter storm. And just as a perspective, closing the Paris facility for 2 weeks in Texas, that ended up being right around a $10 million additional headwind in Q3 that we obviously have not anticipated is part of the reason that we were off our expectations. So clearly, we’re not going to have that circumstance as we go into Q4. I think the second thing is the comparable numbers in Q4 are just an easier comp, right? So you’ve got higher COVID costs in Q4 a year ago, you also have the opportunity to, as we’ve said all along in the back half, that we’d moderate marketing spending to kind of equate to the percent of net sales. And so that will give us a bit of a tailwind as well in the fourth quarter. And as I talked about some of the transformational kind of execution issues on snacks, and again, just as a little bit of deeper perspective on that, in the third quarter, it was really – I’ve been very proud of that team and done an amazing job through the integration from my perspective. I do think in the third quarter, the accumulation of initiatives, we cut over to SAP, we closed our Columbus, Georgia facility, we had three major capacity expansion projects going on in the backstop of COVID and not in a way of an excuse, but certainly I think that put some added pressure on an already tough quarter for us as it related to Snacks. But as we look forward, we have added the right resources, we’ve staged this the right way. We’re through some of that work. And so we expect that executional headwind that we saw in the third quarter to really kind of be behind us as we go through the fourth quarter. So that’s really the reason why we see the sequential improvement. And even on operating leverage and some of the things that were a bit bigger in nature in third quarter, I think, for that that carries over, we’ve got good estimates now. So we can kind of see how that operation works. We’re now running all of the SKUs that we had simplified a year ago. I think that was a little bit of the dynamic as we added those back, introduced a little bit of new complexity back into the supply chain, continuing to push hard through some of the labor challenges that we’ve had. So I think you’ll see that mitigate, but still be present. And so I think when you think about ‘22, obviously, the things I just described executionally, I think, will be behind us. As far as inflation goes, we feel very good about the progress we’re making on pricing. The conversations that we’re having with customers are very constructive. I’m really grateful that we’ve had this time to really build equity. I mean, this is probably the healthiest the portfolio has ever been going into that conversation. So that’s a good thing. I would be remiss not to say though, that inflation is a little bit of a moving target right now. And so although I feel great about what we’re doing, I think I kind of want to wait for the next quarter to see kind of where we’re landing on a couple of the variables and a couple of the commodities. And then as it relates to kind of this transitional headwind, I think it’s a little bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, we’re going to be working hard to address those areas, but we will cycle through the COVID environment at least into the first half of next year. So we will give you a lot more granularity on it, but I think it’s a very balanced position. Certainly, I think Q3 very much is the outlier, but I do think some of these variables will continue, but we’ve got very good plans against them. So hopefully, that helps to put it into a little bit of context.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. And then just a very quick follow-up, just I want to make sure I understand what we mean by sort of some of these transitional costs. I guess is it just simply lapping some of the benefits around operating leverage and things of last year? Or are there other aspects involved in making this transition from a sort of COVID surge environment to a more normalized environment? I just want to make sure I’m clear on that. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So yes, let me make it – let me break it down in as very – hopefully, a very simple answer. I think there are three distinct things that we’re watching occur in that bucket. The first, it is really just lapping, right? That is the kind of cycling of a network that’s fully loaded and that leverage from year-to-year. The second piece, I think, that we saw transitionally in Q3. And again, I think these become more mitigated cost going forward. But we have really continued to see labor as a bigger challenge than I think we had expected it to be. And of course, that has a bit of a knock-on effect that as that labor has not enabled us to kind of meet the full targets on production, we’ve had to go to some higher-cost co-mans that we consciously invested in to make sure that supply and inventory was where we needed it. But those three variables of kind of leverage, labor and the external investment in co-manufacturers, is what we’re describing as that transitional bucket. And so I do think the lapping will continue. But the other two, we’re going to get better and manage through that as we go into next year. Does that help, Andrew?
Andrew Lazar: Yes. Thanks very much.
Operator: We have our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess I just wanted to follow-up on the inflation question. And I guess just two quick ones. One is, as you’re thinking about the sort of things that could move around and for kind of the outlook for fiscal ‘22, is it really like grains and cooking oils? It just seems like what’s inflated most since the last earnings call have been more of the agricultural commodities. Like freight has already been inflationary, packaging to a certain degree. So I just want to make sure that we’re kind of thinking of – we’re trying to monitor what’s moving around. Are we really just talking about mostly the ag commodity?
Mark Clouse: I think certainly, that’s where you’ve seen some of the rising costs more recently. I would also point to some of the volatility, though, on things like steel where we’ve seen some ups and downs. And again, I’m kind of cautious to kind of lock in on where we think that is. Obviously, one of the other areas that has emerged a little bit more recently is protein. But I would just say that as we’ve all been watching this, there have been ups and downs. And so, we continue to try to calibrate it and as we kind of went forward with our pricing actions that will be in place the first quarter, as we start the first quarter of fiscal ‘22, I feel very good about how that was informed and kind of how we saw the environment. But I think kind of the name of the game for ‘22 is going to be to remain pretty agile and nimble. And even as we’re talking to customers, we’re having that conversation where things may go up or down, we need to have that ability to have the dialogue as we go forward. So I don’t know, Mick, if you’ve got any other detail.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, I think it’s a good question. I think if I look at it sequentially between the quarters as well between Q2, Q3, you continue to see, to Mark’s point, a steady increase in ingredients and pack, and those are the items that you also highlighted. And of course, some of it we expect to continue, particularly as we start to look further out, hence also some of the dialogue that we’re having around pricing. One of the other aspects in inflation is obviously freight costs, and we’ve seen that increase kind of from a year-over-year perspective to continue in Q3. We obviously saw already some of that in Q2. And although we’re anticipating that we might see a little bit of relief there, we continue to see freight currently at an elevated level.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And while that’s going on, as you would expect, Bryan, we’re looking for a lot of other elements or levers that we can utilize to manage a little bit of that volatility. Obviously, through productivity, but also how we contingency plan and set up the year. So I feel very good about how that plan has come together, like I said, I also feel very good about how the on pricing are going. Never easy, but I think generally understood that – what the inflation looks like. And I certainly feel like we’ve been having very strategic and collaborative conversations about it.
Mick Beekhuizen: And to put it in perspective, maybe if you look at Q2, you saw inflation on a rate basis up 3%, and you see inflation on a rate basis up in Q3, 4%.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just maybe just one a quick thought on just how you’re modeling elasticities. It seems like most companies now are anticipating or have already put through price increases. And I guess, especially maybe in simple meals, just how you’re approaching modeling elasticities, just given how much inflation the consumer is going to see? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And we’re being very, very thoughtful and strategic on how we’re reflecting critical price thresholds. We’ve got a very good plan that I think enables us to feel like – well, first and foremost, that will remain competitive, but also that in some of these categories where we are a significant leader that we’re also going to be able to sustain momentum where we’ve built it. I mean, the last thing we want to do is shut down growth and share that we’ve worked fairly hard to have in place. So we’re going to be thoughtful about it, but it also enables us, I think, to model, if you will, based on historical elasticity. We’re able to model a pretty good understanding of where those key thresholds are. We understand kind of how to balance this, what you do in list price versus what you do in trade. Obviously, there is a full range of leverage that we’re going to be using across revenue management to get that right. But I think for right now, we feel like given the historical significance, given our ability to protect certain price points, overall, as far as the health of the business going into it, we feel very good.
Bryan Spillane: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. One for Mark and one for Mick if I may. Mark, I think in general, list pricing in the sector takes maybe 2 to 3 months to go into effect once announced. If this is accurate and given that you have some other, I guess, arrows in your quiver besides just list pricing, why won’t pricing be a tailwind until the first quarter? I might have expected some of the conversations you’re having with customers, to be honest, you started a bit earlier. And for net price, you have started offsetting your cost a bit sooner. So I’m just trying to get a little into the weeds there?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think, Ken, the oddest answer is you will see it as a bit of a tailwind in Q4 to help mitigate. But the effective date, right? So relative to how we think about when are we targeting pricing really to fully be in place, that is the – essentially the first day of fiscal ‘22. And so although I do think there are circumstances as we’re going through this for people where we are making some moves a little quicker, the reality is that I’d rather kind of point to when I think the concentration of that will occur. But I do think, as you look into Q4, you’ll see some help from it, but probably not to the point that it’s able to mitigate it until we get into Q4 or into Q1.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That’s helpful. And then can you give us a sense – I didn’t – maybe you talked about this and I missed it, but how to think about the gross margin in 4Q? I guess on the positive side, you won’t have the same headwind from the Texas storm impact. I think it’s also fair to maybe assume mark-to-market will be a tailwind again, but you’ll have worse inflation, you said, you have a harder comparison. So just any color on this line, I think, would be helpful.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. No, it’s a very good question. And kind of maybe just stepping back, if you look at the overall midpoint of our Q4 guidance, you see that we’re at about 13.5% EBIT that implies approximately 110 basis points decline from an EBIT margin perspective year-over-year. That’s obviously better than what we have experienced this past quarter. If you kind of break that down to Mark’s earlier comments, on the one hand, you obviously have an easier comparison versus F20. But it also, at the same time were, obviously lapping a significant marketing investment in last year. So as a result, we expect it to normalize more in Q4 for F20. Now then to your question, what’s happening with regard to gross margin, we expect gross margin from a sequential perspective to be largely similar. However, to your point, we obviously will have a negative mark to market.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And that’s a little different than you said. You are going to get a little bit anticipated reversal of the benefit that we saw in Q3 flip a little bit in Q4. So, it will be a bit of a headwind. Yes. And even if you go to a year ago, as a reminder, in the fourth quarter last year, we had a benefit. So, you are actually lapping a benefit as well as a little bit of a reversal of the Q3 benefit. So, that will moderate a little bit what you will see. But that’s consistent with what mix numbers are and what he is walking through…
Mick Beekhuizen: So I think overall, similar gross margin. However, of course, we had the benefit in Q3, to Mark’s point, from a mark to market perspective, however, headwind from the year-over-year comparison in Q4.
Ken Goldman: That’s helpful. Thanks so much.
Mick Beekhuizen: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: I have two questions for you. The first one is in relation to the pricing you have announced so far, I realize we can’t talk about prospective pricing. And I guess if you can give a general number or perhaps even little by division, how much pricing do you have in place? And then just to reiterate, you expected to overcome inflation in fiscal ‘22, just to make sure that’s accurate.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think, Chris, what we feel good about is when we went out with our pricing action, as you might imagine, has been a while ago as we kind of kicked that off. We felt very good about the combination of pricing, our productivity, some of the other actions we are taking as well as the benefit that we will get, especially as you get to the back half of next year in lapping the period we are in right now. We felt very good about it. I think what you sense from us is a little bit of caution because of the volatility that we are watching on commodities. And so obviously, as we move forward through the fourth quarter, we start to set up ‘22 guidance and give another couple of months of coverage behind us as well as understanding where our commodities are coming in, we will have a better sense. I know what everyone is trying to get at, which is, do you feel like you can fully cover inflation next year with the tools you have got. I can tell you, we feel good, but we are going to have to really watch what happens over these next couple of months to kind of solidify our position. As far as magnitude of pricing, as you might imagine, it’s a little bit of a – depending on which business it is, where the commodities are impacting it more. We have been very clear and transparent on kind of the translation of inflation to where that pricing resides. Obviously, as I said before, we are also overlaying a very detailed kind of strategic lens to it to make sure that we are not doing anything that we are going to regret as far as the health of the business. So, it’s a pretty broad range. I mean, kind of mid-single digits is probably a good assumption if you were trying to cost average it across all of our businesses, if that helps a little bit.
Chris Growe: It does. Thank you. Just as an editorial point, I mean the companies have had to go back for – took a price increase earlier in the year and have to go back again. So, it’s that kind of volatile environment, I get it…
Mark Clouse: Yes. I just was going to say, Chris, and you know we are kind of having conversations with our customers that say, you know what, we have got to probably compare to historical approaches to pricing where you kind of publish and then kind of see in 12 months. This is much more of a collaboration and dialogue around what’s inflation doing. And again, our pricing is, I think, going to need to be a bit dynamic. Now of course, one of the variables we have that helps a lot with that is trade spending and the ability for us to use that a bit as a way to kind of manage a little bit of the ups and downs. But I am not surprised to hear that, so.
Chris Growe: Yes. And just one other quick follow-on, which is in relation to your A&C spending, up strongly in the prior year, down less so this year. So, your overall spending still is higher. I guess I want to understand what you think you need to spend to retain all these households. Should your spending overall, I guess, on a 2-year basis, still be up a lot to try to retain these households? I am just trying to understand how you can right size that in the fourth quarter still, but yet retain these households and consumers?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think a couple of things. One is, as Chris, as you will remember, in the fourth quarter last year, we really invested into the opportunity that we had given the elevated demand and profitability that we were experiencing. And we did that for a variety of reasons. One of which was to solidify the equity of the businesses, continue to really work on building equity with those households, especially younger households. We also learned a lot during that time. So, we used it as a bit of an opportunity to really fine-tune where the best ROIs were. And as an example, you would have seen in the third quarter, our digital spend went up almost 20 points. We are now over 60% of our spend is in digital, which I love for a variety of different reasons, but one of which is that it’s a very high ROI and a very efficient spend. And so, although I do think there are some key thresholds that we want to manage too, and as we have said, kind of the percent of net sales is a good proxy. When I look at that relative to where we have been, I feel like that’s a good level. And we have been able to kind of manage to that through the last couple of quarters into this quarter. And certainly, we are going to try to apply that kind of standard of philosophy as we go into ‘22.
Chris Growe: Good. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. A couple of questions. One is, Mark, I thought that I heard you last quarter talk about kind of a broader or more extensive rollout of the transformation plan in Snacks and capturing more savings and more actions to do it. Regarding what happened in this quarter, does that change at all what you are planning to do there? And – or do you need to rethink how you go about it at all? And then secondly, on steel costs, maybe I am unfamiliar with how your contracts work with your suppliers. But I thought that they tend to lock in a price pretty early like in mid-year and then you go forward with that price for the fiscal year – for your fiscal year. Is it just that it’s not possible to lock in a price right now because the underlying commodity is jumping around so much or has something changed regarding the normal timing for locking in your…
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, you are right, Rob, in the sense that we will eventually lock in a ‘22 price. It’s been a little bit moving around, I would say, from quarter-to-quarter. So as we kind of lay that down for ‘22, it’s a little bit of what we’re reacting to. So we know it’s elevated, right. We know what kind of the inflations peg that, but it is a little bit of a pass-through based on a certain time, as you said. So, we are kind of working through that right now. And as again, I think when we get to the fourth quarter earnings and set the ‘22 guidance, we will be in a much better position to kind of give a bit more comprehensive view of our coverage and where exactly we are.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And regarding Snacks, is…?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, let’s talk about Snacks. So no, nothing changes. I mean I think, as I said before, I have been really impressed with what we have been able to accomplish in the integration. I continue to see tremendous potential as we look ahead. We are a bit behind, as you would expect, given the headwinds I just described for Q3 and Q4 on an absolute basis. But the underlying initiatives, the value capture, all of the foundational work that although may have created some strain on us in the quarter as far as execution and cost overall. As we normalize that over the – really the months ahead, I expect us to be back on that trajectory. And again, I think as we said before, we will kind of lay that out with a lot more granularity in Investor Day. But it doesn’t change in any way structurally what I think we should be capable of doing. I think we are – the ambition for the quarter in executing all of those initiatives at the same time, probably in hindsight, staging them a little differently, would have been a better idea. But we have kind of played through that now and are feeling very good about how that looks going forward.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks and thanks for the discussion on gross margins earlier in the presentation. The input inflation part, you said maybe that might be 100 basis points based on the third comment. And then the transitional items, maybe somewhat more than that. I guess my question is about those transitional items. Clearly, you matched up pricing against the input side. But how much of those transitional items are really fair game for pricing offset? The mirror side of that is how much is Campbell specific? I would imagine labor and logistics is fair game for that. And how much do you think these transitional items can be offset by pricing into fiscal ‘22?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think we are not – I mean, some of these are – I would describe them very much as – well, at least to my knowledge, some of them are Campbell specific. I think you are right about labor and logistics. But the need for us to kind of invest in the supplement of co-manufacturers to kind of recover on supply, honestly, that feels like kind of a unique item to us that was very much of a kind of headwind that we will navigate through. I expect that to be better in Q4 and obviously, much better as we go forward. I think on the operating leverage, a little bit of it was us needing to understand exactly how much benefit we had gained a year ago when we were at our peak, how much the value of the simplicity of the portfolio versus adding those TDPs back in place we are going to take. And so I think what I would tell you is we have now calibrated that. I do think it will remain throughout the cycle of COVID-19, but some of these other elements, ones that are capable of being priced and the others that are more kind of unique to us. I think we will work through those. We have got good plans in place and I do see those as we describe them transitional in nature. And I think on balance, we will be able to address a great deal of those and just kind of be dealing with the leverage lap as we go into ‘22. Mick, anything?
Mick Beekhuizen: No, that’s exactly how I would describe it. Yes. It’s really the lapping of the leverage where you saw last year some of the benefits around the operating leverage and you see kind of – some of that coming out right now. And I mean, net-net is relatively neutral.
Mark Clouse: I will say that that we have been – and again, I don’t know how this was affecting other companies, but I will say labor has been a challenge. And I think – I feel very good about what we have done to address it. But even as you are kind of replacing labor, getting to kind of full efficiency, training new individuals and kind of getting back squarely at the levels we were earlier in the year. It’s taking a little bit of time and so I think that like I said although I see the steady progress I think we are being pragmatic as we make assumptions so that we don’t underestimate what that transition or time looks like.
David Palmer: And I just wanted to – and this is more of a heavy topic and maybe one for the Analyst Day and maybe one for just later in general. But we are going to be getting past COVID here and there was a pre-COVID year fiscal ‘19, you will – by the end of ‘22, you might have 4250 million of productivity. The Street’s modeling sort of a mid-$160 million or so of gross profit growth from ‘19 to ‘22. And I know what you are kind of noting here is that ‘22 or part of it feels like also sort of an exit transition period out of COVID that might hamper profitability. But big picture, we would think that you should be bridging to much significantly higher gross profit dollars versus pre-COVID particularly with the multiyear stacked organic revenue growth that you will have had from trial and repeat coming out of COVID. So, I do wonder about some of the offsets that you are thinking about internally that the reinvestments that you have made and other friction costs that would offset those theoretical step-ups?
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it’s a great question. And I do think I think there is a couple of different important variables within that dialogue that we will spend time talking about when we are in our Investor Day. Obviously, one of those pieces was kind of bridging for folks the Snacks margin that we already talked about, how did the value capture work, where were the investments versus the upside, how are you – how did headwinds we are experiencing on inflation affect that. But maybe this is a way to kind of give you a little bit of context. And Mick had mentioned this earlier, but I think it’s a really important aspect. And obviously, we are disappointed with the quarter. I mean, our standard is that we do what we say and in this particular quarter, we didn’t do that. But I continue to see the challenges that were in the quarter as being very transitional in nature. And the underpinning of the great in-market results and being ahead of expectations as it relates to share and the retention of these households all bode well for us for the future. And maybe to give a little context to your question, specifically, if you take the midpoint of our ‘21 guidance and again, I am going to repeat a little bit of what Mick said. But I think it’s important. At the midpoint of our guidance, it represents versus that 2019 base, a top line growth of 6%, so a CAGR of about 3%. Obviously, we know that there is some foodservice in there and a little bit of partner brands, but in general, a 6% versus ‘19. Our EBIT during that same period with the midpoint of the range, so even with the adjustment in our guidance, is up 9% versus 2019 or at about a 5% CAGR for the 2 years. And as Mick had said earlier, EPS is up 27% since ‘19 with consumption up 9% during the same period. So, if you look at that, all of those – and again, I think people would expect this, but all of those are well above or well within our strategic plan targets. And I think that as we navigate into ‘22, we would expect to see, yes, some challenges as we continue to lap a few of these areas. I do want to kind of nail down a good number for inflation next year. But I feel very good about where we are on the journey. Don’t love the quarter, but I love the progress that we are making and, in particular, what I think will be the longest lasting, which is the strength of the brands and the businesses. So, I don’t know if that helps with perspective. I know what you are looking for, for ‘22, and we will do a good job of providing you that bridge when we get together at the end of the year. But I think not a bad perspective to kind of close out a little bit of the discussion with.
David Palmer: Thanks. It’s helpful.
Operator: It looks like that’s all the questions that we have at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Gardy.
Rebecca Gardy: Thank you, Myra. That concludes our call. Thank you all for participating. And we will speak later in September.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-03-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell Soup’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Rebecca Gardy : Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings presentation. I'm Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Following the completion of this call, a copy of this presentation and a replay of the webcast will be available at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. A transcript of this earnings conference call will be available within 24 hours at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you will see our agenda. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and our Chief Financial Officer, Mick Beekhuizen. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our second quarter performance and in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the full year fiscal 2021. Mark will come back to share his perspective on our outlook beyond the pandemic, and we will close the call with an analyst Q&A. With that, please let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I turn to the results of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank all of our teams again, especially our frontline colleagues. We have now passed the 1-year mark of working within this challenging COVID-19 environment, and I'm very proud of their continued performance and dedication. Campbell delivered strong second quarter results, with growth in all 3 key financial metrics. Organic net sales increased 5%, with continued demand across both divisions, fueled by accelerating in-market results, including positive share progress across most of the portfolio and a strong holiday period. Net sales were tempered by continued foodservice weakness following a resurgence of COVID-19 cases in December, which led to greater away-from-home restrictions, as well as some supply constraints given these cases led to increased absenteeism rate in our plants during the month. The foodservice weakness and supply constraints each created about 1 point a headwind in the quarter versus our expectations. The labor situation has since improved significantly, and we continued to make steady progress on supply going into the second half of the year. We reacted quickly to these headwinds, appropriately shifting spending to reflect this pressure. But where supply was available, we executed our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion on our core brands. Taking everything into account, we had 8% adjusted EBIT growth and 17% adjusted EPS growth, leading to a very good quarter. By segment, Meals & Beverages posted 6% net sales growth, punctuated by a very successful soup season and the continued strong performance of brands like V8 and Prego. This was partially mitigated by declines in foodservice. The Snacks business delivered another solid quarter, with sales growth of 4%, largely driven by our power brands in salty snacks, including Kettle Brand potato chips, Late July snacks and Cape Cod potato chips, as well as Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse bakery products. Most notably, we achieved the primary objective we outlined in our Q1 earnings call to return to share growth. Nearly 75% of our portfolio held or increased share in the second quarter versus the prior year. This included meaningful share improvement in key focus areas like ready-to-serve soup, Prego and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels, with continued momentum on condensed soup, V8, our Salty Snacks portfolio and Goldfish. There were a few exceptions such as Swanson broth, where we knew we'd be challenged on supply. We feel very good about how we are addressing the challenges on broth by expanding overall capacity and growing Pacific Foods, which was the fastest growing broth brand in measured channels in the second quarter. E-commerce continued to be an important growth channel for us, with in-market dollar consumption increasing 89% over the prior year. With the click-and-collect fulfillment model representing slightly more than 1/3 of our e-commerce retail sales, we are sharply focused on partnering with our customers to deliver value to our consumers, including bundling products for easy meal prep and inspiring creative snacking options. Turning to Slide 7. Within the Meals & Beverages division, we had another strong quarter, with consumption growth of 9%, principally due to volume gains. We delivered on our objective of share growth and saw positive in-market consumption growth in almost all categories, led by condensed soups, Prego, V8 beverages, ready-to-serve soup and Pacific Foods soups and broth. We continued to execute our plans and feel great about our progress against our win in soup strategy, led by a great start to soup season and a strong holiday period. In fact, U.S. soup sales grew 10%, with strength across all categories. This was fueled by more than 1/3 of the end market consumption growth coming from new buyers. The number of retained soup buyers in this quarter is the highest since the pandemic started almost a year ago. Our condensed soups were once again the highlight of the quarter, with double-digit net sales growth and continued share gains, especially among millennials. With a 0.7 share increase, condensed had its eighth consecutive quarter of share gains, an amazing run that started well before the pandemic. This performance was driven by our quality improvements, strong advertising and the retention of new households. Additionally, during the important holiday season, the number of buyers of condensed cooking soups grew double-digits, and we continued to grow household penetration this quarter versus prior year. Year-to-date, our condensed soups have the highest household retention rate within the entire Meals & Beverage division. Within ready-to-serve, share improved this quarter, driven by strong base velocity growth in Chunky and improved availability. Chunky had an exceptional quarter, with double-digit net sales gains and in-market consumption growth, outpacing competition and increasing share nearly 2 points, with growth among all cohorts, including millennials. Pacific Foods is now the fastest growing wet soup brand on a dollar share basis, outperforming its competitors on many fronts by delivering on-trend innovation and impactful advertising. This important growth engine continues to perform above our expectations. In the second quarter, Pacific soup and broth outperformed the category posting dollar consumption growth of 25%, the fifth consecutive quarter of share gains driven by brand strength, and a meaningful increase in household penetration. We are thrilled with the performance of Pacific Foods and are equally excited about our robust innovation pipeline that includes new canned offerings as well as additional plant-based products.  As I mentioned earlier, Swanson broth struggled on share, as we expected. We continued to recover on supply throughout the quarter, and we are making steady progress through a combination of expanding internal capacity and bringing on additional co-manufacturing. In the most recent period, we are seeing both share and supply levels improve, a trend we expect to continue through the balance of the year.  Beyond soup, a standout in the Meals & Beverages portfolio was Prego which maintained its #1 share position in the Italian sauce category for the 21st consecutive month and has widened the gap against competitors. Prego sales growth came primarily from the gain of an additional 4 million new households across all demographic cohorts. Our V8 beverages also performed very well this quarter, delivering its 4th straight quarter of both share and household gains.  Notably in Q2, these gains were across all sub-brands of the business, and we saw new households coming into the V8 portfolio driven by both V8 Original and V8 + Energy. Overall, Meals & Beverages delivered a strong quarter, as it continued to drive relevance with its brands to a younger consumer base and delivered share gains in many of its key categories.  Let’s turn to the Snacks segment, which represents about half of our total annual revenue. Our performance was again fueled by our power brands which grew dollar consumption by 8% over the previous year. Within the power brands, our salty snacks brands grew dollar consumption by double-digits and realized share growth. This was in part due to the implementation of our capacity expansion projects, as well as increased A&C investments to support our media campaigns and innovation, including Snyder’s of Hanover Pretzel Rounds and Twisted Sticks.  On the Snyder’s of Hanover brand, the combination of successful innovation, fundamental execution and brand activation led to share growth, double-digit dollar consumption and nearly 5 million new households, turning around what had been a challenging share period. Our Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse products also delivered exceptional results across bakery and cookies, growing dollar consumption by 41% and household penetration by 1.5 points.  On Goldfish, we improved our performance according to the plan we outlined last quarter, returning to growth in net sales and improved dollar consumption. We adapted marketing content during the holidays with digital partnerships focused on new ways for the consumer to enjoy Goldfish, such as movie night snack mixes, or classic lunch combinations with Campbell’s Tomato Soup, all leading to positive engagement metrics and increased purchase intent. Additionally, we are launching new flavors within Flavor-Blasted Goldfish, which continued to grow consumption by double-digits.  As you’ll see on Slide 9, this is only the beginning of what is arguably our strongest slate of innovation yet, which includes Twisted Pretzel Sticks and Better-for-You options like Late July Veggie Tortilla Chips. We are very excited about the breadth of our Snacks pipeline in the second half of the fiscal year, which will compliment what we have on deck later this year for Meals & Beverages.  Overall, we feel very good about our Snacks performance, and the steady growth it delivered as we provide consumers with elevated snacking experiences through our unique and differentiated portfolio of power brands. We also made significant steps on value capture, including the recent transition to SAP to streamline and improve capabilities. Looking ahead, we believe we have additional runway to improve Snacks profitability with further network optimization opportunities, and we remain confident in our long-term strategy and our ability to deliver additional cost savings.  With the strong results in the second quarter, and our overall first half performance, we are confident in the outlook for the full year.  With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our second quarter and first half financial results. 
Mick Beekhuizen : Thanks Mark. Good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 11, as Mark just shared, we once again delivered strong results, with another quarter of sales growth driven by continued elevated consumer demand, as well as growth in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Our topline growth of 5% reflected healthy in-market consumption of approximately 8% in the quarter, tempered by declines in foodservice and some COVID-19-related supply challenges that Mark discussed.  Adjusted EBIT increased 8% as higher sales volumes were only partially offset by higher adjusted administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 17% to $0.84 per share, reflecting an increase in adjusted EBIT as well as lower adjusted net interest expense. Year-to-date, our organic net sales, which exclude the impact from the sale of the European chips business, increased 7% driven by strong in-market consumption growth in both Meals & Beverages and Snacks.  Adjusted EBIT increased 13% reflecting higher sales volume, improved adjusted gross margin performance and higher adjusted other income, offset partially by increased adjusted administrative expenses. Year-to-date our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 110 basis points to 18.5%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 23% to $1.86 per share, reflecting the increase in adjusted EBIT and lower adjusted net interest expense.  I’ll review in the next couple of slides our second quarter results in more detail and provide guidance for the full fiscal year 2021. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, reported and organic net sales increased 5% from the prior year. This performance was largely driven by a 4-point gain in volume across the majority of our retail brands, partially offset by declines in foodservice and in partner brands within the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio. Additionally, we took a strategic approach to dialing back promotional spending in both segments where we faced supply constraints and those actions, net of price and sales allowances, contributed 1-point to net sales growth.  Our adjusted gross margin decreased by 10-basis points in the quarter to 34.3%. While product mix was slightly negative in the quarter, we are estimating a 50-basis point gross margin improvement from better operating leverage within our supply chain network as we increased our overall production. Net pricing drove a 90-basis point improvement, due to lower levels of promotional spending in the quarter.  Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 330-basis points. A little over half of the increase was driven by cost inflation, as overall input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 3%, which we expect to continue to be a headwind for the rest of the fiscal year. The remainder was driven by increases in other operational costs and continued COVID-19 related costs. Inflation in the quarter was partially offset by our ongoing supply chain productivity program, which contributed a 140-basis point improvement, and included initiatives, among others, within procurement and logistics optimization. Our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 50-basis points to our gross margin.  Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses decreased $3 million or 1% in the quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the benefits of cost savings initiatives and lower marketing overhead costs, largely offset by an 8% increased investment in A&C. These investments primarily reflect higher levels of media spend to support our salty snack brands including new product launches, as well as our soup business, as we continue to drive usage through new recipes, inspire meal solutions, and support our innovation.  Adjusted administrative expenses increased $17 million or 13%, driven primarily by higher benefit related costs and higher general administrative costs, partially offset by the benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Overall, our adjusted marketing and selling expenses represented 10.2% of net sales during the quarter, a 70-basis point decrease compared to last year. Adjusted administrative expenses represented 6.7% of net sales during the quarter, a 50-basis point increase compared to last year.  Moving to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings initiatives. This quarter, we achieved just over $20 million in incremental year-over-year savings. We expect an additional $40 million to $50 million evenly spread over the balance of fiscal 2021 on-track to deliver $75 million to $85 million of cost savings for the fiscal year with the majority of the savings from the Snyder’s-Lance integration. We remain on-track to deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022.  To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge on slide 16 to highlight the key drivers of performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 8%. This was driven by the increase in demand for our products with sales gains contributing $40 million of EBIT growth, which was partially offset by the previously described adjusted gross margin decline.  In addition, the increase in adjusted administrative expenses was only partially offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses, lower adjusted R&D expenses and higher adjusted other income. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 40 basis points to 17.2%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.12 from $0.72 in the prior-year quarter to $0.84 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.07 impact on adjusted EPS. Adjusted net interest expense declined year-over-year by $17 million delivering a $0.04 positive impact to adjusted EPS, as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures in fiscal 2020 and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. The impact from the adjusted tax rate was nominal, completing the bridge to $0.84 per share.  In Meals & Beverages, net sales increased 6% to $1.3 billion, primarily reflecting strong volume growth driven by in-market consumption for many of our U.S. retail products, including gains in U.S. soups, V8 beverages, Prego pasta sauces, and Campbell’s pasta, partially offset by declines in foodservice driven by COVID-19 related restrictions. Net sales of U.S. soup, including Pacific Foods, increased 10% compared to the prior year primarily due to volume gains in condensed soups and ready-to-serve soups. Across the division, we moderated promotional activity in part due to supply constraints, particularly on broth.  Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages increased 7% to $258 million. The increase was primarily driven by sales volume growth, offset partially by a lower gross margin and higher administrative expenses. Within Snacks, net sales increased 4% driven by volume gains fueled by the majority of our power brands and lower levels of promotional spending on supply constrained brands. The sales gains were driven by our salty snacks brands within the power brand portfolio namely Kettle Brand potato chips, Late July snacks, Cape Cod potato chips, and Pop Secret popcorn, as well as our fresh bakery products, including Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse products. Partly offsetting sales gains were declines in partner brands within the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio, as well as declines in Lance sandwich crackers resulting from supply constraints in the quarter. Operating earnings for Snacks increased 6% driven by sales volume gains and lower selling expenses, partly offset by higher marketing investment, administrative expenses and a lower gross margin.  I’ll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal year to-date cash flow from operations decreased from $663 million in the prior year to $611 million, as changes in working capital were only partially offset by higher cash earnings. Although we continue to make progress on working capital, we are lapping significant benefits in accounts payable in the prior year. Our year-to-date cash for investing activities was largely reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $132 million, which was $35 million lower than the prior year, primarily driven by discontinued operations. Our year-to-date cash outflows for financing activities were $405 million reflecting cash outlays due to dividends paid of $215 million, which were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share.  In December, we announced an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.37 per share or an increase of 6%, which from a cash flow perspective, will be reflected in the third quarter. Additionally, we reduced our debt by $176 million. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $946 million. We expect to utilize the majority of this cash during the second half of the fiscal year for repayment of upcoming debt maturities of $721 million and $200 million in March and May, respectively. As covered in our press release, based on our strong first-half performance we are providing guidance for the full year fiscal 2021. We expect net sales for Fiscal 2021 to decline 3.5% to 2.5%.  Excluding the impact from the 53rd week in fiscal 2020 and the impact of the European chips divestiture, we expect organic net sales to decline 1.5% to 0.5%. We expect adjusted EBIT of minus 1% to plus 1%, as we will lap the initial COVID-19 demand surge in the second half of our fiscal year combined with headwinds from increased promotional activity, partially offset by lower year-over-year COVID-19 related expenses and last year’s one-time marketing investments.  We continue to expect net interest expense of $215 million to $220 million, and an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%. As a result, we expect adjusted EPS of $3.03 to $3.11 per share representing year-over-year growth of 3% to 5%. The EPS impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2020 was estimated to be $0.04 per share.  With respect to our guidance, let me add that we expect the third quarter to be somewhat more challenged from a net sales and EBIT perspective than Q4, as the before-mentioned COVID-19 related demand surge was more pronounced in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 while the benefit from COVID-19 related costs and one-time marketing investments will disproportionately benefit our fourth quarter comparison. Additionally, we expect our third quarter to be impacted by some isolated supply challenges as we navigate the recent winter storms. In particular, we experienced about two weeks of disruption at our Paris, Texas plant, which produces Pace and Prego. We expect improving momentum as we go forward.  Regarding capital expenditures, in light of the current operating environment with limited access to our factories, we now expect to spend 10% below the $350 million we had previously indicated for the full year largely driven by the impact from COVID-19 on the operating environment.  Before I turn it back to Mark for some additional commentary, let me close by expressing how proud I am of the continued strong execution by our teams throughout the company. We delivered another strong quarter, with a return to positive share growth in the majority of our portfolio, and growth in all three key financial metrics, despite all the challenges of COVID-19. Mark? 
Mark Clouse : Thanks, Mick. Before we conclude, I want to share my perspective on the key factors underpinning our confidence in our outlook beyond the pandemic. By now, I know you have heard a great deal about the stickiness of all new households gained throughout the pandemic from essentially all of our peers, with a wide range of data and facts supporting that thesis. We very much agree, and we see similar trends in our own research and data.  I’d like to conclude today with three critical and differentiating points: key factors that serve to underscore Campbell’s advantaged position going forward and will fuel our future growth trajectory. Importantly, two of them have very little to do with COVID-19 or the stickiness of new households. The first is our Snacks business, which as I mentioned earlier consists of a unique and differentiated portfolio of brands that represents approximately 50% of the company’s annual revenues. This business was growing before the pandemic, and we expect to sustain or exceed those historical growth rates going forward. Snacks also includes a margin structure which we believe still has significant opportunity for improvement versus the snacking peer group average, even after we deliver our current value capture.  We are finalizing our plans to unlock more value and we look forward to sharing more details with you as we move forward. Second, no matter where you stand on the retention of new households gained during the pandemic, it is undisputable that Campbell’s business, particularly our Meals & Beverages division and especially soup, is coming out of this period more advantaged and with renewed relevance. Nearly 13 million new households purchased Campbell’s soup since the initial peak of the pandemic, of which almost a third are millennials, outpacing both key competitors and the category average. We have also seen macro behaviors like quick scratch cooking take root and our research indicates more than 30% of consumers are cooking more with soup since the start of the pandemic. Additionally, we believe increased at-home lunches will endure as many people are expected to work-from-home more often post pandemic.  Beyond the role that our Meals & Beverages offerings play in the lunch occasion, snack foods accompany nearly 30% of all lunches, which bodes well for our entire portfolio. We've conducted extensive consumer research in an effort to determine sentiment, model consumer behavior exiting the pandemic, and sharpen our plans to ensure the sustainability of our recent gains.  The consumers who we’ve surveyed had an overall high level of satisfaction with Campbell’s products in our Meals & Beverages and Snacks portfolio. In fact, about four out of five new users surveyed said they were very or extremely satisfied with our brands. As a result of this high satisfaction, those surveyed told us they will continue to count on our brands going forward, turning to us for things like cooking solutions and quick lunches and meals. This gives us every reason to believe consumers will continue to purchase our brands well after the pandemic.  Even more importantly, 70% of the consumers surveyed told us our brands better met their needs than competitive products. These same consumers also told us the taste and convenience of our brands were the top drivers of overall satisfaction. We feel this sets us up well for continued share progress going forward. The research also has provided us with actionable insights into our opportunities to strengthen the retention of our consumers. These include areas such as adding more convenient packaging options and sizes across our portfolio, developing new and inspiring recipes, and satisfying consumers’ need for permissible, and more intense snacks by providing a variety of flavors and healthier ingredients. This specificity will focus our plans and innovation to target the areas with the highest probabilities of retaining these new consumers, particularly younger consumers for our brands.  For the third and final differentiating point that underscores our strong position going forward, we look to the strength of our balance sheet. Given the cash generative nature of our business and our reduced leverage, which is now below 3 times, we are well positioned to generate significant cash flow well above our ongoing commitment to base capital investments and dividends in the next three years. This can, and will, be a source of opportunity that can be invested in high ROI initiatives or other actions to drive value creation.  So, to wrap it up, our mission is clear. Number one, sustain or accelerate our historical Snacks growth while improving margins. Number two, solidify our Meals & Beverages business as a steady and stable contributor behind recent transformational consumer trends and trial. And number three, deploy what will be significant capital to fuel this growth and create differentiated value.  We look forward to sharing more in the months ahead about this next chapter as Campbell moves from turnaround to sustainable growth. And with that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar : Mark, I first wanted to just touch base a little bit on organic growth in the quarter. You went through some of the factors that limited organic growth maybe relative to your ingoing assumptions. One would assume, obviously, foodservice recovers a bit, of course, as restrictions are lifted and such. But I'm trying to get a better handle on where the company is around supply and capacity. Is that largely behind the company at this point? Or does some of that still linger? And the reason I ask you is I'm trying to get a better handle on the relationship between sort of consumption and shipments as we go through the fiscal third quarter. Do those -- are those more consistent with each other? Is there the opportunity to rebuild inventory such that shipments maybe exceed consumption for a period of time? I'm just trying to get a handle on that, and then I've just got a quick follow-up.
Mark Clouse : Yes. So a couple of thoughts. First, again, I think as we said in our comments, a bit frustrating, of course, to see the top-line when the underlying fundamentals are as strong as they are. In-market consumption was up 8%. And a really important step forward for us was the shift in share performance, where we had 75% of the portfolio growing share, including some businesses that were really important for us to get back on our front foot, like ready-to-serve soup, for example, and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels. Both of which had been a bit challenged on share, and we wanted to make sure we turned them around. I guess the other good news about the timing and sequence of some of the pressure we experienced, we had all of the inventory in place for the holiday and kind of the key drive period, which is why we did so well during that timeframe in-market. Where it hurt us was a bit in the replenishment of that as we were exiting the quarter, and as you said, driven really by 2 things. The significant step back up in COVID cases was the root cause, but it impacted both our foodservice business, as well as absenteeism specifically in our plants. We were -- in the month of December, we crossed the double-digit line on absenteeism, which was really the highest we had seen, which really did reduce a little bit of our firepower as we had expected to be able to get in front of consumption and ship a bit ahead of it. The good news is, both of them I would describe generally as episodic in nature, and that as we finish the quarter and went into Q3, both of those we're seeing normalize and improve. And remember, in Q3, one of the things that we're going to have as a dynamic is that we shipped about 12 points behind consumption a year ago in Q3. And so as you think about that overall shipment to consumption comparison, despite the fact that -- in the spirit of a lot of volatility in our world today, despite the fact we're going to have to navigate a little bit of this pressure out of Paris, Texas, where our plant was closed for a couple of weeks, that plant makes primarily Pace and Prego, just as a reference point. But we expect the overall elements to be positive as it relates to shipments versus consumption, but with a little bit of choppiness as we go into Q3. As we roll through the back half, we're feeling very comfortable that we'll be back in a strong position. I think also of note, we've talked a bit about the recovery of the SKUs that we had swapped out for base business during the pandemic. All of those are back up and running. That we're going to return is -- if you look at our numbers today, you'll see about a 6% decline in TDPs. We expect that to be about 3% ongoing. The reason you're not seeing all of it is some of those items are still in pipeline. But as the quarter unfolds, we expect that all to be back in place as we manage through the back of the year. So a little bit of a longer answer, but I know a very important element to get your hands around. So I think there's reasons to believe that we'll see that room to catch up a little bit and kind of get back on our feet as it relates to inventory.
Andrew Lazar : Great. And just a very quick one. It might be too early, but in markets where we've seen certain restrictions get lifted, maybe fully lifted in some cases, and getting back to some form of normalcy, I appreciate all the survey work you've done and a sense of where consumers sort of heads are at. Any sort of real-time data that you see in some of these regions or states that have more fully reopened around what maybe retention has looked like in actuality? I realize it's still on the early edge of things.
Mark Clouse : Yes. It's a little bit too early. But what I can tell you we've done is we've created essentially a bit of a map of the country in evaluating the specificity of different data points in conjunction with reopening. And so us like you are looking for those proof points to validate what is a lot of the hypothesis that we have. And so I would say it's too early to give you any conclusions, but we're set up well to read that as quickly as possible, make any adjustments we need and really begin to put some facts, specific facts behind some of those assumptions we've talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman : So I wanted to pick up a little bit where Andrew just left off. It sounds like most of the work you've done on the stickiness side is still theoretical. And I appreciate that you're doing some really good work in terms of surveying consumers and so forth. But we're in such unique times that I just wonder how much rate we really should put on things like surveys at this point just given that I don't think consumers necessarily know what they're going to do coming out of this. And -- but I would love for -- you ought to be right, all my CEOs to be right, it will be much more fun to cover a space where things are growing and sales are good in the opposite. But is there any -- I guess what I'm getting with this, is there any particular data point that you have that gives you the amount of confidence that you might need to make the kind of confident statements that you're making today about stickiness? And I'm not trying to suspect. I really just want to understand it, Mark.
Mark Clouse : Yes. Sure. Sure, Ken. No. Look, I understand the question. And certainly, this is not a unique conversation, and it happens pretty frequently these days in our industry. I will say we did a few things. And we have targeted our research in a few ways to try to inform certain thinking that's just simply different than how many people are going to continue to cook or how many people are claiming that they'll continue to use our products.  I'd kind of give you 2 areas. One, we've gotten a lot sharper on how we feel using the survey work to really understand how we hold up against competitive choices. Because one of the things that I think will matter a lot here very quickly as we start to lap the initial surge and get into COVID is how do we feel about our comparative position, and therefore, our ability to manage through share positive performance or differentiated performance. And that was an important part of the work that we've been doing and trying to identify where we think we're in stronger positions. And I was pleased. I was really pleased with some of the items that are in more competitive spaces. And setting aside for a moment, whether you're going to continue to use us, did you feel we perform better than some of our competitors, I think is an important insight and a little different than just, are the households going to remain sticky? I think the other thing that we're doing a lot of is looking for places where we could be exposed where there may be dissatisfiers. So instead of just simply focusing our work on trying to build the case or prove the point that people are going to keep using it, we actually kind of spun it around the other way and really looked at why you wouldn't keep using it, what were the barriers, what were the things that we could be doing differently in our brands. And we're using that very rapidly as we try to inform things like innovation as well as our marketing to try to really kind of go at those areas a little bit more head on. So -- and again, as I've said a couple of times, I recognize that until we have facts and kind of points on the board, this remains theoretical. But it is hard to imagine that no matter where you are on that continuum, a business like our Meals & Beverage and our Soup business isn't going to be even in a modest interpretation in a better position than it would have been coming into this. And I think that is something that, obviously, quantifying it will be important. But I do feel very comfortable in suggesting that just through the trial and experience and the work we've done, and remember, we don't have the benefit of seeing how all that work would have done pre-pandemic, but I was fairly confident that a lot of the things that we had put in place before were going to help improve this business as well.
KenGoldman : No. I think that's very fair on a qualitative level. I would just hope that as you think about guiding ahead and so forth, maybe it would behoove a lot of companies to not assume as much stickiness as they think will happen and then maybe surprise to the upside. But I will leave it there.
Mark Clouse : Yes. And one thing I'll just say, Ken, as you leave, I mean that was also part of the reason why I wanted to highlight a few things that are really not related to COVID within our portfolio. I mean, remember, we've got 50% of our business that is a Snacks business that has been growing pretty steadily before and through. And we really expect it to continue to grow afterwards. Not all of our peers have that particular composition. And further to that, again, I know I'm kind of baiting the hook here for conversation on margin around Snacks. But there is, I think, a continued opportunity for value creation. And with the work that we've done on our balance sheet, our ability to invest thoughtfully and in a disciplined way to create value, I think, gives you some reasons to think about the business differently, that doesn't require anything as it relates to stickiness of households. And so I want to -- I know a lot of discussions around household retention, but we've got a couple of really big things in the business that are far less related to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : And I guess I'll take the bait on the hook, right, in terms of margins in Snacks. But maybe, Mark, if you could maybe tie that into also capital allocation, right? Because you've talked about that. And arguably, that's going to be the more important driver once we get past whatever the pandemic is. So I guess 2 related questions. One, does an acquisition that creates more scale in Snacks, is that a pass to higher margins? And then the second, just as it relates to capital allocation and I think what you're implying in terms of M&A, maybe could you think about how Campbell's -- and M&A strategy at Campbell's might line up relative to some of the companies you've been at before, right? Pinnacle was pretty good at it. Obviously, Mondelez was a creation of a lot of M&A. So just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about that capital allocation.
Mark Clouse : Yes. Okay. So let me start a little bit with the Snacks question. And again, I really do expect us in the next few months, again, not to put a particular date, but I do imagine as we go into the fall, we're going to be in a good position to have a more robust dialogue with you about kind of this next chapter of the company's strategy, which will include, in my mind, a lot more granularity around some of the things that we're talking about now. But I will say this, on the margins on Snacks, if you look at kind of where we are in our journey right now, we're about 80% of the way through value capture. We're now up and running on SAP, which is a really important step, as many of you know, in these integrations and transitions. And so it's allowing us to continue to build our insights as we look forward. And where that value capture has put us, if you think about the beginning of the journey to where we are now, the gap between our margin and kind of the snacking averages, we've closed about 1/3 of that gap. So there's still about 2/3 of that remaining. And if you look at the reasons why, and you kind of start from manufacturing, all the way to the store, you see a fair amount of inefficiencies even after we complete the value capture, that gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to find opportunities. For example, we've got 1,300 locations holding inventory right now in our supply chain. And yes. No matter how you cut the pie, that is not our most efficient foot forward. And so our ability to go after each of those elements with kind of a next wave of plans gives me a lot of confidence that we can reduce that gap further. And again, quantifying that and giving you a little more clarity on the building blocks, we will do that, but not today. So we're working on it and more to come. But I think there's a lot of reasons to believe. And if you pair that with what the growth rate of this company is and what we continue to see as improved opportunities, as we move from integration orientation really to growth and focus on innovation, we feel very good about it. And so if you think about some of that work, there may be some investment opportunities that are there. So as we think about capital priorities, kind of pivoting now to your second question. First of all, our capital priorities as a company remain the same. We invest in the company. We pay our dividend. We continue. At this point, we've really done a good job of managing down debt. So we're quite happy with that progress. And then we're looking in a very disciplined way. I mean you mentioned some prior historical places that I've been that I think have had very good decision matrix, very good discipline. Our focus continues to be things that we believe are highly aligned or nearing adjacencies to our core strengths. And I think there is a role that M&A can play. But it's in conjunction with also evaluating where we can invest in the company and generate high returns. I think the important thing to note is that we will apply that discipline, but we're going to be applying it to an availability of capital that, as you say, I think, is going to be a very, very important indicator of value. And especially as you think competitively across places to go, I'm feeling very good about our flexibility and capability to generate a significant amount of value in that space. Does that make sense, Bryan?
Bryan Spillane: Yes. That makes sense. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English : I'm going to take another nibble at that hook from a slightly different angle. I hear you loud and clear, Mark, if we benchmark against some of the bell others in the space, like a Frito or a Mondelez, but that just seems like an unfair comparison. If I look at, say, your 18% to 19% EBITDA margins in Snacks, they look great, especially when I contemplate you're somewhat subscale relative to the big leaders, your profit sharing arrangement with independent distributors. Your portfolio is exceptionally complex. And you've got a decent chunk of [lap] sales that are derived on a pretty low price point, suggesting that it's not really a cost per ounce issue. It's a price per ounce issue for much of that. So how is attacking costs, like where are the opportunities? Because when I look from the outside looking in, I don't really see the opportunity. I see a business that's sort of already been rightsized in terms of margin and one that's probably where it should be. What am I missing? Can you put more teeth on this one, please?
Mark Clouse : Yes. I mean, I think it's really, Jason, is if you look at the redundancy and the inefficiencies that exist in a network that was built independently and really not through the lens of efficiency. I think the -- as you described, the complexity of our portfolio, there is no question that what is a little unique about us is the opportunity, I'd say, both the scale and strength of operating within 2 aisles of the store. But our portfolio is really not as complex as you may think. The partner brands is something we've been working hard on over the last 2 years. And we've got a little bit of work still ahead of us to make sure that we've got the right partnership model that enables us to eliminate a lot of that complexity while still generating the benefits. So still more work to do there. But I think if you really kind of go from our manufacturing footprint, to our distribution and warehousing footprint, all the way to our route to market, you're going to see opportunities across all 3 of those buckets where we're going to be able to drive greater levels of efficiency than what's there today. And again, the good news here is, it doesn't necessarily require us to get to a Frito-Lay to the highest end of the Snacks margins. But even as we move into closing that gap, there's significant value to be created. And as you think about kind of our historical growth rate of 3%, with a headwind of about 1%, as we've navigated kind of the managing down of the partner brands, I think you could expect that growth rate to at least continue, if not improve, as we go forward. And so you put those pieces together, and I think the contribution of what represents 50% of our company becomes a significant benefit and a tailwind for us that I think can continue to contribute going forward. Now in fairness, Jason, I think you like others are going to want to see a little bit more of that blueprint, and I get that. And that's what we're working on now and certainly would anticipate sharing more granularity with you as we go forward. I kind of raised it now though because I think a lot of the conversation, rightfully so, is about what's coming next, where our company is focused in the future coming out of the pandemic. And I point to this, it's just an area that's not related, kind of to Ken's question earlier, on stickiness of households. This is really about our ability to execute into and to identify those areas within our own existing business model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I have a different kind of question about Meals & Beverage. There's been capacity constraints for about a year, for understandable reasons. You say a lot of it has to do with labor absenteeism, but also just overall capacity. So I was curious. As you entered this year, in retrospect, is there more that the company could have done to either hire more or take on more co-packing capacity to meet this surge in demand? And did you choose not to? Did you say, we're going to choose not to do that? Maybe it's not the sustainable thing to do. And then the second part of this is, as you get more data on the stickiness, what happens next? Do you then have to take those steps? Do you have to expand soup? Do you have to expand sauce's capacity? There's a lot talking -- a lot of talk here about Snacks. But are the things that you're going to have to do in Meals & Beverage to cope with a higher demand plateau?
Mark Clouse : Yes. No. It's a very fair question and one that I can tell you, we've spent a fair amount of time asking ourselves. I think let me start with the labor standpoint. I really don't think there's any more we could have done on hiring. I mean we have hired 20%, an additional 20% of our entire workforce over the course of the pandemic. And we did that because we understood that we needed some flexibility as it related to our protocols around quarantining as well as the expanded demand that we were seeing. So when I think about, did we let up there at all or should we have pushed harder? There really was not anything more that I can see that we could have done on the hiring side. They simply ran into -- and if you think about where some of our facilities are, there just was a limit to how many -- how much availability we ultimately had to incrementally hire, but it was certainly not for lack of effort.  I can tell you there are career fairs around the country. And I'm happy that we were able to hire 2,000 people. I think that was a -- it came at a good moment. But certainly, would it have been nice to continue to have a little bit of more flexibility? Certainly. In the month of December and January where we saw this renewed surge, it would have been helpful at that moment. But I think the teams have done a very good job at trying to maximize what that potential is. On the capacity side, so what have we been doing or what have we done? I think it's a little different by brand. If you really look under the hood and you say, okay, where is the real pressure on capacity? I mean notwithstanding a bump or 2 or a winter storm like we may be dealing with in Paris, Texas right now. The biggest concern that we've had is on broth. And there, we have already made the commitment to invest in capacity. We are in the process of putting that in place. It is -- I will say it's been a little tougher and a little slower through the pandemic installing new capital as it might have been in a normal period. But there's no question about the commitment and what that will mean for us when we have that up and running as well as creating a very healthy network of co-manufacturing that helps us ebb and flow. And Rob, you talked a little bit about the future. Remember, part of the dynamic on the Meals & Beverage businesses are these peaks and valleys as it relates to seasonality. And part of what we're doing is creating a network that allows us to create more flexibility and flex a bit more to the upside. Let's say, we're on the high end of our assumptions, that we can flex there. Let's say, we're on the lower end. We can flex there and still be responsible as it relates to capital, while still enabling us to meet all of the ongoing dynamics of building inventory into soup season and matching kind of that footprint.  So I do feel very good about the investments we've made and what we've done to add some flexibility to our business to be able to handle a variety of different situations. Part of the pressure has been to get back into some of these SKUs, that were B and C SKUs that honestly have been very, very important and key to us regaining share that we've had to put back in place. But we're now in a pretty good position on those and are really coming back fully. And so, I feel good about the future, but that's kind of the dynamics that we've gone through as we've thought through that.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-12-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell’s First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Presentation. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Rebecca Gardy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning, and welcome to Campbell’s first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings presentation. I’m Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Following the completion of this call, a copy of the presentation and the replay of the webcast will be available at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. A transcript of this earnings conference call will be available within 24 hours at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Turning to slide 3. Today we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have included in the appendix of this presentation a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. On slide 4 you will see our agenda. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO; and our Chief Financial Officer, Mick Beekhuizen. Mark will share his thoughts on our overall first quarter performance and in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the second quarter. We will close the call with an analyst Q&A.  And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2021. I would first like to wish everyone all the best as we head into the rest of the holiday season. I know I am grateful this year for the entire Campbell organization, especially our colleagues in the manufacturing plants and our distribution teams, who have been producing and shipping to meet the higher demand the pandemic has brought while prioritizing the safety of our people and following our heightened in-plant protocols. Turning to the results. As you saw in our press release, we reported another strong quarter from both a sales and profitability perspective, with growth across all our key metrics as we continue to execute in a volatile environment and against our strategic plan. Our strong top line growth combined with gross margin expansion and value capture synergies, despite the impact of ongoing COVID-19 related costs, led to better-than-expected adjusted EBIT growth, up 18%, and a 31% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.02 per share. It also was a strong executional quarter where we were able to strengthen supply levels to allow our retailers to improve inventory going into the crucial soup and holiday season. In addition, we announced that our Board approved a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend, reflecting the company’s strong earnings performance, cash flows and increasing confidence in our long-term growth prospects as well as our continued commitment to shareholder returns. Organic sales in the first quarter increased 8%, led by 12% organic sales growth in Meals & Beverages, reflecting our continued investment in our brands to attract and retain new household as retailers also rebuilt inventory levels. Turning to our Snacks division, we drove solid growth with organic sales up 4%, reflecting sales increases across the majority of our nine power brands. Our portfolio of unique and differentiated snacks remained in high demand as in-home consumption rapidly expanded. We did make some selective strategic decisions to shift promotions from the first quarter to the balance of the year to help ease supply constraints, particularly in the Meals & Beverages division. While these decisions did generate mixed share results, as expected, we exited the first quarter in a much better position on retailer inventories and are seeing accelerating in-market performance as programming is ramping up into our key holiday season. We expect that that pressure of elevated demand on supply will continue in the near term, but we are building supply chain capacity and capabilities to help us better navigate this pressure and maximize availability while protecting and growing share. For the sixth consecutive quarter, our total company in-market dollar performance grew in measured channels, increasing 7%, with growth across almost the entire portfolio. Continuing the momentum from the back half of fiscal 2020, October was the ninth consecutive month in which we grew household penetration versus prior year. In our first quarter, we attracted millions of new households with the most notable increase coming from younger consumers. We also continued to see elevated repeat rates with over 70% of household gains since the beginning of the pandemic purchasing our products again. As we have said on previous calls, we consider this to be an enduring change in behavior. And given strengthening consumer trends like quick scratch cooking and at home eating and snacking, we remain confident that we will retain a meaningful number of these households beyond the pandemic. Within the Meals & Beverages division, soup net sales increased 21% with growth in all segments. This reflects retailer inventory recovery, in-market gains and moderated promotional activity. We grew our household penetration in overall soup by 1.3 points. In addition to gaining new buyers, we are retaining these new buyers as reflected by higher repeat rates, and among millennials we grew share for total U.S. soup by nearly one point, including significant growth of 2.7 points on condensed and over 1 point on Ready-To-Serve, demonstrating the sustained relevance of our core businesses with younger consumers. Our condensed soups were the highlight of the quarter with double-digit net sales growth, gains in share led by cooking SKUs and four million new households purchasing this quarter versus prior year. We continue to bring new ideas and recipes to consumers who are cooking more frequently at home. As these first-time cooks gain more confidence, we believe they will likely continue to use these skills to prepare more meals at home, well beyond the pandemic. Our recipe solutions continue to resonate with consumers as we saw a 20% increase in overall recipe related page views in the first quarter compared to the prior year. Within Ready-To-Serve, we saw solid consumption growth but supply pressure and our decision to moderate promotions as previously mentioned resulted in some short-term share loss. However, as supply has improved, we are seeing improved trends. Supported by our Chunky NFL sponsorship activation, our Slow Kettle Crunch innovation and our Well Yes! relaunch. We expect all these factors to have a very positive impact in the second quarter. Pacific Foods growth engine performed well as we continued to build scale with nearly 22% dollar consumption growth in soup and broth in the quarter. Pacific soup and broth grew share for the second consecutive quarter including strong gains with Millennials. Pacific has also increased points of distribution and grew household penetration as we launched our first ever national advertising campaign. Overall, we continue to feel great about the progress we’ve made against our Win in Soup strategy, as evidenced by our success expanding into millions of new households, attracting younger consumers and growing all of our core brands. Turning now to the performance of our Snacks power brands which grew dollar consumption by 6% in the quarter, the most notable being late July, which grew consumption sales by 26% and share by nearly 2 points. We continued to run the brands first national ad campaign throughout the quarter. Late July is a great example of how our power brands are helping consumers make the most of their snacking moments. We take a mainstream segment like tortilla chips and offer a product with higher quality including organic product credentials, highly relevant innovation and world class marketing to better engage consumers, allowing them to trade up into a better snacking experience. We have successfully applied this model to other brands as well, such as Kettle Brand chips and Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps which also had double-digit dollar consumption growth in the quarter. We also made significant progress on Goldfish in the quarter, with both supply and service levels improving. We have also redirected marketing aimed towards snacking options at home and restored promotional spending towards the end of the quarter. This has resulted in improved consumption and share in the most recent periods. We feel very good about our Snacks performance and the steady growth it delivers supported by a very healthy base business. In addition, we continue to remain on plan to deliver the value capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of our acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. Our investment in capacity expansion in both Goldfish and our chips demonstrate our conviction in the long-term growth potential of our brands. We are still working through some supply constraints, including a challenge in cookies, where the combination of demand and labor impacted by COVID-19 has had some negative impact on supply. Despite these isolated challenges, we feel very confident in our ability to meet the long-term demand driven by the expected sustained growth of consumer snacking behavior. Given the rapid growth of the e-commerce channel across foods, I want to touch on our enterprise performance in the quarter. Our e-commerce in-market dollar consumption results were once again impressive, growing 85% over prior year. Consumers’ use of e-commerce and particularly click-and-collect for groceries has increased by a considerable amount these past several months, and we believe this trend will continue. Accordingly, we are investing to strengthen our capabilities and in our support of key partnerships to serve the millions of consumers who are shopping online. Given our overall financial results and the actions we’ve taken to start the year, we are well positioned across our entire portfolio heading into Q2 and the key soup and holiday season. With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deep dive into our financial results.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. As Mark just shared, we had a strong start to fiscal 2021 with another quarter of strong sales growth, driven by elevated consumer demand, gross margin expansion, despite the COVID-19 cost headwinds and robust adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth ahead of expectations. I’ll now review our first quarter results in more detail and provide guidance for the second quarter. For the first quarter, reported net sales increased 7% to $2.3 billion. Organic net sales increased 8% in the quarter which excludes the impact of the sale of the European Chips business. Adjusted EBIT increased 18% to $463 million as higher sales volumes improved adjusted gross margin performance and lower selling expenses were partially offset by increased marketing and slightly higher adjusted administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 31% or $0.24 to $1.02 per share, reflecting an increase in adjusted EBIT as well as lower net interest expense. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales increased 8% from the prior year. This performance was driven by a 6 point gain in volume across the majority of our retail brands, offset partially by declines in food service. Lower levels of promotional spending in both segments drove a 2 point gain. The divestiture of the European Chips business negatively impacted net sales in the quarter by 1 point and the impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. All-in, our reported net sales were up 7% from the prior year. Our adjusted gross margin increased by 100 basis points in the quarter to 34.8%. Favorable product mix, which drove a 30 basis point improvement in our adjusted gross margin, was largely driven by the increased contribution from our soup products within our Meals & Beverages segment. Separately, we are estimating a 60 basis point gross margin improvement from better operating leverage within our supply chain network as we significantly increased our overall production, primarily within Meals & Beverages. Net pricing drove 120 of basis point improvement due to lower levels of promotional spending in the quarter. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 270 basis points, driven by cost inflation, as overall input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 2%, as well as other operational costs and continued COVID-19 related costs. It was partially offset by our ongoing supply chain productivity program which contributed 150 basis point improvement and includes, among others, initiatives within procurement and logistics optimization. Our cost saving program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 10 of basis points to our cross-margin expansion. Moving on to other of operating items. Marketing and selling expense increased 1% in the quarter to $208 million. This increase was driven primarily by our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion expenses which is up 17% versus a year ago. These investments primarily reflect higher levels of support behind soup to continue to drive usage, inspire meal solutions, build brand awareness among younger households and support innovation. These investments were partially offset by the benefits of our cost savings initiatives, lower marketing overhead and lower selling expenses. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $11 million or 9% to $137 million driven by higher benefit costs and general administrative costs, including incremental consulting charges related to supply chain optimization, as well as inflation, partially offset by the benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Moving to the next slide. We have continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear and price cost savings initiatives. This quarter we achieved $15 million in incremental year-over-year savings, inclusive of Snyder’s-Lance synergies. To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $740 million. We expect an additional $60 million to $70 million in the balance of fiscal 2021 and we remain on track to deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to highlight the key drivers of performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 18%. This was largely driven by the increase in demand for our products, with sales gains contributing $53 million of EBIT growth. The overall adjusted growth margin expansion or 100 basis points contributed $23 million of EBIT growth, which more than offset higher marketing and selling expenses of $2 million, reflecting our investments in A&C, partially offset by lower selling expenses. The remaining impact of all other items consisting of adjusted administrative expenses, R&D and adjusted for income in aggregate was nominal. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 180 basis points to 19.8%.  The following chart breaks down for adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.24 from $0.78 in the prior year quarter to $1.02 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.18 impact on adjusted EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-year to $25 million, delivering a $0.06 positive impact to adjusted EPS as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. The impact from the adjusted tax rate was nominal, completing the bridge to $1.02 per share. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales increased 12% to $1.3 billion, reflecting double-digit increases across most of our U.S. retail products, including gains in U.S. soups, inclusive of Pacific Foods soups and broth, Prego pasta sauces, V8 beverages, Campbell’s pasta and Pace Mexican salsas, as well as gains in Canada, partially offset by declines in food service. Volume was favorable to U.S. retail and Canada driven by increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption, offset partially by the negative impacts on food service as a result of shifts in consumer behavior and continued COVID-19 related restrictions. Net sales of U.S. soup, including Pacific, increased 21% compared to the prior year, due to retailers rebuilding inventory for the upcoming soup season, in-market gains in condensed soups and broth and moderating promotional spending. Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages increased 18% to $333 million. The increase was primarily driven by sales volume growth and improved gross margin, offset partially by increased marketing investment. The gross margin performance was impacted by the lower levels of promotional spending and favorable mix as productivity improvements and improved operating leverage were offset by other operational costs, cost inflation and COVID-19 related costs. Within Snacks, organic sales increased 4% driven primarily by lower levels of promotional spending as well as healthy velocity on the majority of the base business. We saw volume gains in fresh bakery products, late July Snacks, Pop Secret popcorn, Pepperidge Farms cookies, snack pack treat, Pretzel Crisps, as well as Kettle Brand potato chips, which partially offset declines in Lance sandwich crackers. Sales of Goldfish crackers were relatively flat in the quarter as increased demand for family size products were offset by reduced away-from-home consumption. Operating earnings for Snacks increased 11% driven by lower selling expenses, lower marketing overhead and sales volume gains, partially offset by higher administrative expenses. Gross margin performance was consistent with prior year as lower levels of promotional spending were offset by higher net supply chain costs as productivity improvements, cost savings initiatives and improved operating leverage were more than offset by cost inflation and COVID-19 related costs. I’ll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Cash flow from operations was $180 million, comparable to the prior year as changes in working capital were basically offset by higher cash earnings and other. Cash from investing activities decreased by $341 million, driven by lapping the net proceeds from our divested businesses in the prior year. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $74 million, $24 million lower than the prior year, driven by discontinued operations and in line with our previously communicated full year expectation. Cash outflows for financing activities were $245 million compared to $453 million a year ago. The reduced cash outflow reflects lower debt repayments. Dividends paid in the amount of $108 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $722 million. I’ll now turn to guidance. As I reviewed, the company’s strong first quarter fiscal 2021 results were impacted by increased demand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of the continuing pandemic on the company’s fiscal 2021 results is uncertain and makes it difficult to provide a full year outlook at this time. Based on our expectation of a continued elevated demand landscape and increased investment in our brands, we are providing the following guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2021. We expect year-over-year growth in net sales of 5% to 7% as growth more closely aligns with consumption, reflecting better inventory, strong programming and improving share positions. We expect adjusted EBIT growth to be in line with year-over-year sales growth for the quarter as we invest to win the season and keep fueling the retention of new households behind key consumer trends. We expect the combination of healthy EBIT growth and benefit of significantly reduced interest expense year-over-year to result in adjusted EPS growth of 12% to 15% or $0.81 to $0.83 per share. While it remains very difficult to provide any more direction for the balance of the year, as time has progressed, our outlook does continue to strengthen. In closing, our first quarter results were a strong start to the year. I am proud of the continued strong execution by our teams throughout the organization. And with that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Maybe to start with Mark, in the vein of exiting the pandemic in a stronger position than the company entered it, you’ve talked about a number of compelling metrics such as household penetration and repeat and buy rate as well as habit changes by consumers. I’m curious really more what you’re hearing from your key retail partners around how they view relevance of key categories and not so much in today’s crisis per se, but what they’re telling you about once things normalize and how that compares to maybe a year or so ago? And then I’ve just got a quick follow up.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Andrew. Yeah, I think if you look at how we’re viewing the indicator as we kind of come through the pandemic and why we’re continuing to see a growing level of confidence kind of with each month and with each quarter, I think that’s very consistent with what retailers are experiencing as well. If you look at kind of the macro trends that we point to, they recognize like we do this kind of infusion of millions of new households that are now cooking at home that are building confidence in that area, becoming more efficient and looking for meal solutions to become very, very prevalent. So that’s one example of a macro that we’re trying now work? together to bring to light whether it’s in the retail environment or the online environment which we did a lot of work on around Thanksgiving, I’m sure we can talk about that a little later. But also, the dynamics, the other macro dynamics that we look at that are continuing, like I said, to build confidence is almost regardless of the timing or the sequence of events relative to vaccines or how the pandemic unfolds over the months ahead, we do expect and I think retailers would agree that a sustained view of in-home eating, whether that is because people more slowly returning to normal life or the fact that more people are going to be working from home or this dynamic of more in-home socialization which has been driving certain segments of snacking at a very aggressive rate, all of these dynamic as we continue to go forward we expect to be maintained. And I think the other element that’s very relevant in the planning with customers right now is that we recognize the economic strain across the country and the impact that that has on people making decisions relative to value, which has resulted in a much higher sourcing obviously through the pandemic, but even projected ahead of people sourcing meals from grocery stores where we see a terrific opportunity to build upon the behaviors that have been created in the near term as we think about building momentum out of it. So I would say, Andrew, for us and I think for most retailers, we do not see this as a kind of episodic moment, and I think as time has gone on, you see more and more in the numbers, I talked about the repeat but one of the things that’s most significant in our numbers is the dramatic nature of the return to our brands from younger households and millennials specifically. They have the highest increase in buy rates and the highest increase in repeat rates of any of the consumer demographics that we see, and I think that, again, bodes very well for our ability to retain a meaningful number of these households going forward.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then just a quick one. Within the 5% to 7% sales growth forecast for fiscal 2Q, could you put a little bit of perspective or color around that and kind of how soup might fit into that or what the expectation around soup is within that 5% to 7%? It sounded like you’re now in a place where retailers have rebuilt inventories for the coming sort of few winter months and such. Just want to get some perspective there.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, sure, Andrew. I think as you look at Q2, and as you look at inventory in particular, I am very happy with where we have been able to get to as we go into Q2. The honest answer is we’ve made some thoughtful and I think appropriate decisions in Q1 that may have had a little bit of a short-term headwind on share in some cases as we moderated some promotions but the goal in mind was that in the most critical part of our soup season which is really in the second quarter period as well as going into the holiday period, that we were in a much better position and I think we achieved that. Now, again, I would say that we’re continuing to watch demand and as we project these numbers it is difficult to anticipate what demand is going to look like as it goes forward, but I think we continue to expect demand to be elevated and I think in Q2 we would expect at least on the Meals & Beverages side to have our sales, our net sales a little bit more in line with consumption as we did a lot of that heavy lift on inventory in the first quarter. Now I think on Snacks the story’s a little bit different as we have said before, we thought it would take us really through the entire second quarter into the first half to get inventory fully back on some of those businesses. It’s an interesting dynamic in snacking because you look at the total 4% or 5% in market growth rate, which looks a little lower than relative food dynamics in the industry. But when you start to pull it apart, what you see is those segments that have been more impacted by COVID like salty Snacks, where for the quarter our business was up 11% in market, or our more indulgent products like cookies where we were up 8% in Q1, offset of course a little bit by those away from home Snacks that have been a little bit more softer than the impact of those that are more relevant in the moment. We’ve got some pressure on supply there that we’re rebuilding. The good news is we’ve added capacity in many of our facilities, done a good job navigating but I would expect there to be some inventory rebuilding continuing on snacking as we go into the second quarter. So I think what’s called the 5% to 7% a prudent view of a variety of different variables but of course the good news is I think we’re in a much stronger supply position so we can adjust to a higher end of demand if we see it. We’re ready for that. Again, feel very good about some of the trade-offs we made in Q1 to get us to this position in Q2.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. It’s Tom Palmer on for Ken. First, just wanted to ask on guidance. You suggest relatively flat margin year-over-year, just given you’ve got EBIT growing comfortably to sales. Would have expected maybe a bit more of a flow-through given mid single digit sales growth. Maybe give some color on what might limit margin expansion next quarter. For instance, are we looking at a big step-up in marketing and promos? Is cost inflation becoming more of a headwind?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So thanks, Tom. I’ll start it and then let Mick give you a little bit more of the ticks and ties to the number. But I would say that although we made, as I said in Q1, some choices from a promotional standpoint to enable us to kind of be ready for the key part of the year as we think of when promotion activity is very important, so as we go into Q2 I would expect us to be in a position where we’re with a fully loaded promotional calendar that is really designed to be competitive, that’s back to kind of fully supporting the brand as we need to. Although in Q1 I think you see some uptick relative to in gross margin relative to the reduction in promotion, I think that will go away a bit in Q2. I think underlying all of our fundamentals on the business, though, remain very strong. So on top of our cost savings initiatives, very good about our productivity, our ability to navigate and balance COVID costs. We’re continuing to feel very much in control of that situation. And so really the headwind if you will on margin is much more related to the investments we’re going to make.
Mick Beekhuizen: On the one hand, as Mark mentioned with regard to the promotional spending and then the second piece is further down in the P&L more with regard to the marketing and we were continuing to support obviously our brands. You saw that in Q1, in Q1 you saw that we had a 1% increase in marketing and selling expenses. That was really kind of underlying within that was 17% increase advertising and consumer promo. But then within that, there were offsets from a cost savings perspective. If I look more at Q2, I probably expect a little bit more of an increase on the marketing and selling side.
Mark Clouse: Tom, just as a point of reference to that, that’s really already started and I think the good news is that what should come along with that is the improvement on the share positions which was a bit more mixed in Q1 but as we exited the quarter and even into the more latest IRI data as you look at that, November, you see some pretty significant pivots. Like for example, one of the places that we made a lot of tough calls was on our Ready-To-Serve and in particular our Chunky business where we did see some softness on share through the latest four weeks we’re up over a share point of growth on our Ready-To-Serve, even stronger on our chunky business where we’ve kind of got all of the cylinders firing now from a promotion, marketing, all of the above. You see similar sustained momentum on Pacific, on condensed and even on the Snacks business as we mentioned in our comments, we’re seeing improving trends as it relates to Goldfish, which obviously has been a little bit of a trickier one as the consumer dynamics have impacted that one a little differently than they have some of our other businesses that we’ve had to adjust for. But I think the good news is there’s great evidence that that’s already driving the kind of impact that we want in-market and I think that was the game plan. So, so far, so good.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks for all the detail. Just a quick follow up, actually to Andrew’s question. So you’re guiding to slightly lower organic sales growth in the second quarter. You characterized it as prudent. Maybe I can just ask this explicitly. To what extent does your guidance assume that underlying takeaway decelerates relative to last quarter versus less help from timing items, like inventory build or Thanksgiving compares?
Mark Clouse: I think we expect Q2 to continue to be an elevated level of consumption. I think what you see us probably planning or kind of adjusting a little bit is a more consistent run rate on consumption going forward with a little less contribution potentially from inventory. But I will tell you, again, if you look at the more recent trends, we’re feeling very good about performance through Thanksgiving and we’ll continue to watch that unfold as we go. And like I said, the good news is in this quarter or in second quarter I think we’re going to be in a very good position to kind of adjust to higher demand levels if necessary. And again, as you can appreciate in this moment, it’s a lot of unchartered water so we’re trying to get the balance right, but I think the idea that you should definitely take away from us that as we continued to progress through the year, we’re growing in our level of confidence and belief in ability to continue momentum going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for slotting me in, and congrats on another strong quarter. Just a couple of questions, clarification of kind of what’s been said. First, want to make sure I heard you right on some of the comments, answers to the last question. Of promotions, net price benefit of promotions added 125 bps to GMs this quarter. You said that benefit goes away next quarter. GMs were up 100 bps. My interpretation is you’re effectively suggesting that gross margins will be flat to down modestly going forward. Did I hear that right?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I’d say closer to more flat is kind of where we’re expecting. Obviously, we don’t guide directly to gross margin. There’s a couple variables in there that are tough to pin. I do expect, though, that what I would say broadly is where we did make some of those decisions to moderate promotions in Q1, we will not be making those decisions in Q2 as we’re now more kind of in a stronger position for inventory. So I would expect to see a more historically robust level of promotions in Q2.
Jason English: Building on that promotion comment, do you think we’re at a point where you can operate consistently with a lower level of promotion than maybe you did pre-COVID or should we expect that promo line to slip to a deflationary headwind later this year and neck year?
Mark Clouse: I don’t think that we – I think we’ll continue to evaluate and I think I talked about this in the year-end period, where as we were exiting 2020 and certainly as we’ve navigated the first quarter of Q1, what we’ve tried to do is be as thoughtful and surge call as possible in balancing both the marketing expenses and the promotional lines and where we felt like there were opportunities to perhaps drive a little bit more on the marketing side, a little less on the promotional side, certainly in Q1 where we made a little bit more of a decision on a couple businesses, all right, we need to get back to strength going into a more important part of the year, and of course doing all of this very much in conjunction with our retail partners, I think what you’ll see is a total investment line for the company that remains very consistent and I think that’s – we’re spending at a level that I believe we feel good about. Whether or not you’ll see some balancing between line as we continue to work through, okay, where is the best ROIs, what’s the dynamic in the marketplace competitively, all of those elements I think will influence it, but I would not expect you to see radical changes in investment for us going forward, other of than the continued sustained spend that we’ve kind of put into our base now. Does that make sense, Jason?
Jason English: Yeah, I mean, to my ears, I heard there’s a likelihood that promotions come back, price goes negative and you cut A&C to offset that. I don’t want to put words in your mouth but that’s kind of what I’m hearing.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think there may be some balancing on certain businesses, but I also think the that our total A&C level as we look at it from a full year perspective is at a pretty good level. I do think there may be some calibration there, but I wouldn’t expect it to be significant.
Jason English: Understood. God it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just to follow up on Jason’s question and that last point around A&C and maybe just tie this also into e-commerce. Just Mark, you’ve done a good job capturing millennials and incremental household penetration with millennials. How is the advertising mix? How have you adjusted the advertising and how you’re spending on advertising to affect that? I guess what I’m – underneath the question, is it less traditional TV, more digital, more social media? And if that’s the case, does that sort of imply that you don’t necessarily need to spend in A&C at absolute levels that you did in the past and maybe tied to that also in terms of e-commerce, if this has become kind of a platform or I’m sorry a level that’s higher than it would have been previously, how does that factor in how you’re thinking about how you spend promotional dollars going forward, meaning is it less end caps and more in support of the click and collect?
Mark Clouse: That’s a great question. The short answer is, it’s been a pretty meaningful shift as we think about where – and not just purely because of e-commerce but also because of just simply how millennials shop and how they view the world of engagement with brands. So even if they’re still shopping traditional retail, the ability for us to be more effective with our spend in digital is significant. So if you take Q1 as an example, from a year ago we doubled our investment in digital spending and it now represents over 50% of the total spend in A&C. So that’s a pretty dramatic shift for us, from where we would have been historically and the great news is, given a lot of the work that we’ve done in the last two quarters, we feel like our understanding of the ROIs and the impact that it’s having is giving us great confidence that we can drive tremendous efficiency within this line item and as you point out, one of the things that’s always been great about digital is if you can unlock the right content, the right placement, you can tend to drive some impact or more impact on an investment level, maybe a little more modest than what traditional TV campaigns cost. And if you translate that to really how it’s working, we’ve made pretty significant investment too in a lot of partnerships where our dollars go further. So you might have seen over the holiday, we had great program with Instacart which has been one of the faster growing third party shoppers where we had a – their home page was basically a Campbell’s page on if you spent $25 on all of our kind of holiday products, you got free delivery for the trip. And those kinds of activities where we’re getting front and center or top of mind for consumers is really important in making it effective. And so as you point out of, what I just described feels a little bit more like something you might have seen in a store or he retail that’s now becoming a digital marketing platform. So the blending of dollars between shopper and traditional advertising and even trade and promotion, when you get into the digital world, it gives you a lot of options to be able to drive impact. Like I said, if you look across our businesses, up 85% in the quarter, we grew share in both of our businesses pretty significantly and in particular we grew dramatic share in the areas we were really targeting which was in the click and collect space as well as the retail delivered or third-party areas, all of those were very significant growth engines for us and where we spent a lot of time investing behind it. So we’re feeling good. Now what we’re doing is making sure our assortments online are right. We’re getting the right team in place, the right capabilities. But as we think going forward, we really do see e-commerce and the digital spend together being a major influence of performance going forward and I would say as we watch kind of the marketplace, we feel very good about the position that we’re in and I think really benefited from some of that spending in Q4. We were talking about last time is a great source of learning for us.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Mark. If I could just slip one in for Mick. The CapEx, I don’t know if I missed it. Did you give an outlook on capital spending for the year?
Mark Clouse: I didn’t, but we did that last time around and I am still, based on Q1 spending that was pretty much in line with our original expectations.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thanks. Have a happy holiday, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two questions for you. The first one, and it’s a built of a follow-on from earlier questions, was I think about this rebuilding of inventory that’s occurred at retail. That’s obviously availability of product. Have you also been able to increase your SKUs, those got paired back during the height of the pandemic? Are you back to what you would call a normal sort of shelf set or maybe you want the shelf set to be sort of going forward?
Mark Clouse: I would say we’re probably 75% of the way back. We have made up a lot of ground in the first quarter which is what we expected and, again, I think a lot of different metrics to measure how we feel about Q1, but perhaps one of the ones that’s most significant to me was our ability to execute in a very complex environment at a very high level where we were rebuilding inventory, bringing back SKUs that we had pruned or put on hold during the heart of the pandemic. And so although you still see a TDP decline head over head, you see that improving with kind of each month and that is representative of us coming back with the SKU as well as some innovation that’s kind of intermingled there. But I’d say we’re still – there’s probably about a quarter of items that we’re working on but some of the really important ones, for example, on Prego, one of our most unique and differentiated products that we’re back fully in business is our alfredo or our white sauce within Prego. Makes a huge difference for us on share and you see that in the numbers as we’ve been able to come back. But there’s a variety of examples like that where we’ve been able to improve supply and/or create enough room that we can bring some of the meaningful complexity back. As I’ve said before, I do think there is a percentage of those TDPs that we probably in the end will – if we’re going to replace it, we’d rather do it with innovation. So I’d say a big step forward in Q1, but still with a little bit of room to go.
Chris Growe: Okay. That was helpful. Thank you. Just a second question. In the gross margin bridge, you outlined this net pricing benefit 120 basis points. Does that quantify, does that incorporate the benefit of lower promotional spending? For example, is that one of the factors within that? So because that was about a 2% benefit overall. Want to get a sense of is there an underlying net pricing increase in your business and promotion is separate of that, if that makes sense.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, no, it’s a really good question. I mean, basically, just think about that 120 basis point net pricing increase as lower promotional spending. There’s no -- underlying price movement, yeah. I mean, sometimes you see movement between promotion, the EDLP in some places. So you see if you look at any given moment on pricing in the quarter you would see some numbers that might defy what we’re describing but if you net out the total impact to the business on the places where we had backed off on some promotional spend, you see that in pricing numbers and that also of course translated into the margin as well.
Chris Growe: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you, and happy holidays to you as well.
Mark Clouse: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: I guess two questions. Maybe the first just to circle back on framing of the second quarter guidance. In the first quarter Meals & Beverages showed that it’s capable of doing a $1.3 billion plus in revenue when everything comes together. As we look forward, given the accelerating demand this winter, supply capabilities you built over the last nine months or so, is there any reason to think that that absolute dollar level of sales in the segment won’t be higher in Q2 versus the first quarter. Assuming there’s not, I guess the second kind of parallel question that implies only very modest growth in Snacks in the second quarter, if any at all, if my math is correct. So just love your thoughts there. It sounded like you thought Snacks would really catch up would consumption, but it seems out of sync with how I’m thinking about the second quarter numbers. So any help there would be great.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, it’s a little choppy. But I think I got it. If you kind of pull the pieces of the business apart and look at kind of what’s the underlying assumptions are in Q2, if you look at our overall enterprise and market consumption for the quarter, we’ve been in that 7% to 8% range. I think as we look forward and again always the benefit of seeing time pass from month to month, depending on where the elevated level of demand stays and whether it’s consistent with that, obviously we would be at the higher end of our guidance range. I think what we’re suggesting is that you may see a little bit less of an incremental contribution from inventory rebuilding in Q2, but conversely, I think on the Snacks business, you will likely see some very I think improving and strengthening numbers as well as the fact that you’ll have some inventory recovery that’s going on in the Snacks business in Q2, a little more so than the Meals & Beverages side. So if you take those two together and try to average them out, there’s – depending on where you peg that overall demand level, you lean more toward the higher end, anything else kind of in that range. So we’re providing kind of a perspective and like I said, I think we’re certainly trying to be pragmatic but at the same time I think there’s that difference of pivot between the two divisions. Again, just to reiterate what I said earlier on snacking, I think sometimes in the COVID world where you see kind of this consistent high single digit, double-digit numbers, snacking is a little different and as I said, within the segments you have some segments like salty Snacks which are behaving that way where we see double-digit growth kind of quarter in, quarter out, our more indulgent products although we are facing a little bit of headwind on supplies as relates to cookies, have performed in the high single digit ranges and then Goldfish, remember, partner brands remain a point of a headwind as we continue to moderate those down.  I think those are the things that are moderating the overall total number in Snacks a little bit lower than what it might feel like as we kind of describe the performance, but I think the balancing act between that kind of revolves around this underlying in market growth rate of in the higher single digit range and I think we’ll watch that very closely as we go through the quarter and I would imagine that would be a pretty good proxy for investors to kind of anticipate where we are in this as well.
Steve Powers: Thank you for that. Hopefully you can hear me okay. I guess the second question I had was as we look a year from now, we’re all hopefully going to be operating in an environment with relatively full vaccine distribution, significantly improved social mobility and I’m curious whether you can expand on what you’re doing now to ensure that when that day comes you’ve been able to retain as much of the unexpected demand you gained in 2020 as possible of. I mean, are there specific initiatives you can point in to? Are you finding yourself actually able to do everything you would ideally want to just given the ongoing supply constraints, demand volatility, just the other potential distractions that you’re facing?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, no, that is a major question for a lot of investors, and I would just tell you guys, as we’ve continued to move forward, I absolutely am building a higher degree of confidence in our ability to retain households and I’ll point to kind of three big areas. The first is these macro trends that – whether it is cooking or quick scratch cooking as we call it, in-home eating, just imagine the number of businesses and how slow the return may be to an office environment, regardless of the timing of when a vaccine may be here and the number of millions of incremental lunches and in-home of snacking occasions that we’re going to be able to be very well positioned to meet, I think there will be pressure economically, however you want to describe it, that’s going to create a value proposition where shopping for your meals from the grocery store continues to be a very attractive and affordable way to eat. I also think we can’t underestimate the migration that has happened back to traditional brands in the grocery store. I know there’s a lot of speculation on whether private label availability is the bigger hindrance. But I can tell you that as we look at every metric of sentiment with our core brands, where consumers have come back or new consumers have come in, sentiment is quite positive. This does not in any way strike me as a moment where they’re buying us because something else is not available and so I think it’s then switching to the second big reason to believe is all of the actions that we’re taking right now.  Our increase in marketing, our shift to digital, our understanding of what’s working. If you look at this soup season, it is the most robust marketing period that we’ve ever had. If you looked at the great work we did around save the snow day or dinner insurance around Thanksgiving or advertising, our new campaign around snow buddies, our new campaigns that we have on late July, on Pacific, the fact that we’re doing great work in partnership with our customer as well as our – as well as some of the online third party players, all of this I think lines up to a world where we can expect to have a much stronger footing with millennials coming in. We’re growing share across all of our businesses with this important target. And I think that even as we think about innovation, a lot of what we’re launching, whether it’s Pacific condensed which really targets those millennials and the cooking behavior or some of our in-home meal occasion moments like the crunch add-ins on slow kettle chunks or even the. Protein content as a messaging and delivering it through Madden partnerships and our NFL relationship, I think all relates very well to our ability to connect with these. And then the last point I would just make is that as a reminder, before we came into the pandemic, before pandemic ever influenced our results, we had cleaned up the balance sheet. Our debt level’s down. Our ability to use cash flow to help grow and support the business, along with the fact that now 50% of our business is in a growing snack business that we’re growing before, that’s been growing through and I expect to grow after, and a Meals & Beverage business that a lot questions on relevancy were there initially that I feel like now you’ve got a much stronger case. So I put those three things together and I feel very good about the idea that we’re going to come out of this in a much stronger position than we went in. And I think it’s giving us great confidence in our ability to sustain going forward a meaningful impact and positive outlook. So a little bit of a longer answer, but clearly a conversation, topic of the day for sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks, and great conversation so far on that advertising consumer promotion piece. Just wanted to follow up on that and just big picture for Campbell, your A&C spending will be probably highest levels in eight or nine years if we take the increases here in the first part of this fiscal year. It’s a bit of a reversal for not just Campbell, but for the food space overall. And, Mark, you’ve seen this in several seats now where a food companies were taking down advertising spending for most of that decade, 2014 to 2019 and I guess to some degree that reflected a lack of confidence that advertising and consumer promotions were working. And you mentioned the shift to digital. Is it as simple as that channel, perhaps, versus TV? Could you speak to that and why the ROI would be better today and why you have confidence in that? And I have a quick follow up.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, no, I mean, look, this is a – it’s a great question and a fairly healthy conversation on its own. But I will tell you that, no, the answer is not just move the money to digital. And therefore, it’s going to work better or you’re going to be successful. What is so important in this is really understanding the intersection of content, placement and then how you’re linking it with the shopping behavior. Those three things to me are the big insights on how you make the digital spend more efficient and improve the ROI. And a lot of times I think people felt that it was as simple as maybe I should put my TV ad on Facebook or of I should just, if I’m there where consumers are, it’s going to work, and the answer is that does not work. It requires all three of those things to come together to really have the impact that we’re seeing now and even for us, I think as I’ve said many times where we may have been asked a couple questions on why we continue to spend A&C and supply issues, part of the reason was that we really felt we needed to continue to be out there and making sure that we fine-tune what’s working so that when we find ourselves in the position we’re in today, where supply is back in place, we are loaded and ready to go as it relates to really understanding it. And I think condensed soup is probably the single biggest example of that in the portfolio right now where you see dramatic sustained growth, you see it in millennial targets, our ROIs at our investments and the greatest of the activity that we have out there is just terrific. So I’m -- again, you learn all the time. The one thing I’ll say about digital too, the minute you think you’ve got it figured out you’ve got to stay nimble and moving and agile with where consumers are going but I think we’re in a very good position and I feel good about the impact we’re having.
David Palmer: Just a follow up. I think in your question and answer with Jason touched on this. There’s going to be – there will probably be some room that you need to have on promotion spending coming out of this period on the back end, on the bricks and mortar side of things at least. You had some plans in terms of merchandising and organizing the shelf that probably were delayed. So not only would you get back to maybe a run rate that would be more pre-COVID level in terms of bricks and mortar merchandising, but you had some bigger plans too. Could you give us a sense of that and how much room you have to create promotions for that? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: I think the answer is we will continue and are working very closely with our retail partners to really figure out shelf sets for the future and that’s with the mindset that these categories are going to be quite important and highly relevant and so, yes, you’re right, in were a lot of things that we were in the midst of working on that we want to make sure that we incorporate the consumer learnings from this period but, yes, I would expect that as you see us come forward in the next year or so, we’re going to be working quite hard on ensuring that we are setting the shelf for the future and that we’re creating enough room within both our portfolio and our promotional calendar to really address that in the most consumer focused way.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from -- thank you. Our last question comes from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning. Mark, I just had a kind of a bit of larger, longer term strategic questions around the Snacks business. I know last quarter you had alluded to improved learnings in terms of efficiency in the supply chain over the past call it seven, eight months. Obviously, you still have some cost savings coming through, through the end of next fiscal year. And then at the same time, I think last quarter you had mentioned maybe some potential visibility on further efficiencies within Snacks, call it distribution hubs, what have you. So you’ve kind of just generally speaking kind of given the margin profile of the Snacks business, but the attraction so-to-speak of that business as well for consumers maybe even as they shift to more on-the-go and volumes could improve but how do you view the incremental potential efficiency gains on that business to hopefully be able to margin up that business over time, kind of vis-a-vis a lot of other Snacks business that may be able to or already are generating a higher profitability profile? Thanks. That’s it.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, no, thanks for the question, Rob. I mean, I think in its most simplest form if you think about the strategic runway for the company, I think there are a couple big things that we believe will be fuel and enable us to continue to deliver against our expectations and one of those we talked a lot about today which is our ability to retain households really solidify the Meals & Beverages portion of our business as a steady contributor within the portfolio which we believe very strongly that we can accomplish. I think the other area of opportunity is for us to continue to sustain and hopefully accelerate growth on our Snacks business while we continue to improve the margin. If you look at the margin of our Snack business even after all of the – I’ve said this from the very beginning when I got here and was asked how do you feel about the synergies, my answer was I feel pretty good because even at the end of the synergies you’ve got a margin structure that looks lower than what I would expect for Snacks businesses and we know there’s reasons why and there’s some structural elements there that are not insignificant, but the idea that we can continue to accelerate growth on that business while we also improve the margin is very much our focus going forward. And I think there will be a variety of things that we’ll continue to look at and do, but we do feel good that there is drill sites and opportunities, and I think as time unfolds, we’ll talk more about that. But I think for right now I would agree with you, we kind of see the same thing and as I think about big next chapter elements for the company. I think those are the areas where we’re going to want to continue to focus.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today’s conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-09-03 07:15:00) =====
Rebecca Gardy : Good morning and welcome to Campbell’s Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2020 Earnings Presentation. I’m Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition to this earnings presentation, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session later this morning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. A replay of the webcast and a transcript of this earnings presentation, as well as of the Q&A session, will also be available on the website at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. As part of our remarks this morning, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures to describe our business performance, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which is included in the appendix of this presentation and will be posted to the IR section of our website as part of the transcript of today’s call.  On Slide 4, you can see our agenda. You will hear from Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO; and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter and on the year, and Mick will then walk through the financial details and share our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. With that, let me turn it over to Marl. Mark?
Mark Clouse : Thanks Rebecca. As we continue to navigate the COVID-19 crisis, we hope all of you listening today and your families, are staying safe and healthy. Our thoughts remain with all those impacted during these challenging times. Our most important responsibility is to take care of our people. Ensuring their health, safety and well-being continues to be our highest priority. We also remain focused and committed to helping the communities where our people live and work. Our support, both financially and in food donations to Campbell hometowns across North America now stands at $6 million since the onset of the pandemic. Before I review our financial results, I must once again express my deepest gratitude, pride, and appreciation for the extraordinary performance across Campbell, starting with our front-line teams. We have been operating in this challenging environment for six months, and our teams continue to exhibit determination, commitment, and resilience. They have adapted to heightened safety protocols to get our products to customers and consumers across North America, and they have been there for one another and for their communities. I am also sincerely thankful for our sales team and the close partnerships with our customers during these uncertain times. I truly believe the level of collaboration and transparency that has been displayed during this difficult and complicated period will create an environment for continuing to build and grow our businesses together well into the future. Finally, I’d like to thank our headquarters team for demonstrating such tremendous commitment and passion in supporting the business and our teams in the field. I’m so proud of how they have adapted to not only a virtual work environment, but also the way in which they have found new and more efficient ways to work. Now, let’s turn to our performance. Campbell’s simplified, focused strategy, and commitment to improving our execution served us very well as we faced the unprecedented challenges of the pandemic. Our fiscal year was separated into two distinct halves. We began the year focused on strengthening our portfolio of powerhouse brands; we completed our planned divestitures while we substantially reduced our outstanding debt; we kicked off our Win in Soup turnaround plans; and we drove a new operating model to optimize growth and profitability. Our business was progressing on a steady, positive trajectory in the first half, with solid performances across both divisions. Within Meals & Beverages, both soup volume and dollar share grew for two consecutive quarters, and we delivered continued growth in Snacks in the first half of the year. And then March ushered in challenges few could have fully anticipated. But I am incredibly proud of the agility and commitment of our teams in adapting to the uncertainty brought on by COVID 19. Our operational and commercial teams have positively responded to the extraordinary demand caused by the pandemic, driven by a major shift in consumer behavior toward eating at home with a resurgence of cooking simple meals and increased snacking occasions. The impact of these consumer changes was evident in the results that we reported in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter results we’re reporting today. In the fourth quarter we delivered growth in all key metrics, with double-digit increases in organic sales, adjusted EBIT, and adjusted EPS. Organic net sales increased 12% resulting from strong performance across both of our segments.  As a reminder, the organic net sales growth excludes the 8 point positive impact from the additional week in the quarter, and a 2 point negative impact from the sale of our European chips business. As it did last quarter, our in-market performance grew across both the Meals & Beverages and Snacks divisions. In measured channels, our total company in-market consumption increased 22%, with double-digit consumption increases across most of the portfolio. Comparing relevant apples-to-apples consumption and net sales numbers, consumption growth was about 2 points above net sales, reflecting isolated softness in unmeasured channels and select inventory depletion on Snacks, partially mitigated by some inventory recovery in Meals & Beverages, especially on soup. Share results were mixed in certain categories as we navigated some previously discussed supply challenges to keep up with demand. We expect to continue navigating this situation through the first quarter of fiscal 2021, but also see opportunity for further inventory replenishment throughout the first half as retailers are working hard to ensure shelves and inventories are fully replenished. We feel confident that as we move into the critical soup season, we will be well positioned to support consumer demand and our retailers’ needs and have a more positive share outlook. In the quarter, we also advanced on other key business metrics and strategic plan initiatives, including a 190-basis-point adjusted gross margin expansion, and we generated $45 million of enterprise cost savings in the quarter, which reflects initiatives from our multi-year enterprise program and synergies from our Snacks integration. With the strong increase in net sales and improved gross margin, adjusted EBIT increased 22% despite a significant uptick in the rate of marketing investments and COVID-19 related expenses across both divisions in the fourth quarter. These results helped to drive adjusted EPS up 50% to $0.63 per share. As discussed last quarter, we are very focused on household penetration as we make every effort to retain the new households and younger consumers who have purchased our brands through the pandemic. We remain very encouraged by the retention of these new consumers and are pleased with our decision to continue to invest to strengthen our brand equity and increase relevance, even where we may have supply challenges. In fact, we increased household penetration across most key brands. Total household penetration remained up 4 points for the company versus a year ago in the quarter with strong sustained repeat of 71% in these new households. Those increases have been driven in part by the sustained consumer behaviors we discussed in the third quarter, including more at-home meals and quick scratch cooking, online shopping, the evolution of the retail shelf, and the continued consumer focus on value given the challenging economic environment. In our best view of the future, regardless of the duration of the COVID-19 environment, we expect to retain a sizable portion of these households driven by these sustained behaviors even as the environment normalizes over time. The net of all of this is that we expect to be in a much more advantaged position coming out of the pandemic than going in, which was already improving based on the progress we'd been making against our strategic plan. Currently, the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, and it is therefore difficult to predict the full year outlook for fiscal 2021. That said, we are committed to being as transparent as possible for investors. We are providing context for our thinking on full-year fiscal 2021 and more specific guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 based on that context. However, even in the first quarter, there are many variables that make this difficult with both risks and opportunities, and I do want to be clear that it is not our intention to move to quarterly guidance, rather it represents our desire to provide as much visibility as possible. Each quarter, we will assess what we think is appropriate. Mick will cover this in detail in a moment. With that, let's turn to a more detailed discussion of our two segments. There are very few businesses that were as in-demand and positively impacted by COVID-19 that our Meals & Beverages division. The strong fourth quarter results have fundamentally changed the trajectory of the business and have created a unique moment to further accelerate our strategy of returning relevance and growth to these iconic brands. In the fourth quarter, organic net sales increased 19% and operating profit was up 24%. These sales gains continued to be broad-based primarily reflecting gains in our U.S. soups, beverages, Prego, Pasta in Canada. Our foodservice business, which only represents approximately 5% of our total full year company sales, continue to face challenges with sales declining in the quarter based on consumer trends previously discussed. In market dollar consumption grew 24% in the quarter with strong double-digit consumption growth across all core brands. Excluding the benefit of the additional week, our in-market consumption was up approximately 15%. This sustained demand along with gradual inventory recovery did continue to put pressure on our supply chain resulting in some share erosion. We did see some inventory catch up later in the quarter as we added back SKUs that we had temporarily cut to maximize capacity and improved inventory levels in soup where we did ship ahead of consumption, as planned. Marketing expense increased 115% vs. prior year, and A&C more than doubled on a dollar basis, as we continued to lean into the opportunity to attract and retain new households.  Although off a smaller historical base spending level, more than half of the increased investment was focused on soup, including Pacific Foods which grew 45% in market, including an approximate 11 point benefit from the additional week, as we have now fully turned around this important business. Over the entirety of fiscal 2020, the soup category grew more units than any other edible category, and our Wet Soup growth was double that of total edibles. This is a long way from 2019. On this slide, you can see that total soup sales growth was remarkable, up 52%, which includes an 11 point benefit of the additional week in the quarter, driven primarily by the 30% increase in consumption impacted by the continued changes in consumer behaviors from COVID 19, as well as retailers replenishing some inventory levels. We drove substantial sales gains on condensed, ready to serve and broth, including Pacific. Consumers have gravitated to our trusted brands because of the quality, value, comfort and versatility that our products deliver. While our share performance was down in the quarter, it was driven by broth which did not keep pace with its category primarily due to availability. Broth is an important area that we are continuing to focus on by adding more additional co manufacturing, as well as increasing capital investment to unlock further total soup production. We are also extremely pleased with our significant gains in household penetration, while volume per buyers remained elevated even in the summer. Soup household penetration increased over 5 percentage points versus the same quarter last year. We gained 6.4 million households across all generations, with continued gains among the Millennial cohort. Notably, these gains were most pronounced across our condensed icon soup business, which was where we really increased investments around cooking, new usage ideas and more summer recipes. We leveraged the momentum we garnered in the third quarter and disproportionally invested in marketing messages with new relevant ideas that would be especially appealing to younger consumers. This has also contributed to strong repeat and product is moving through pantries even as we navigated through the summer months, setting up opportunity for stronger replenishment as we head into the upcoming soup season. As we discussed previously, innovation plays an important role in our plans, and although we may be a bit behind our soup aisle of the future vision given the COVID 19 impact on retail, we are certainly on track to step up innovation on soup in fiscal 2021 to further accelerate relevance and continue to position our soup business for sustained growth. I want to acknowledge and commend the team who, despite the challenging operating environment in fiscal 2020, did not take their foot off the gas on our innovation across our soup portfolio. For fiscal 2021, we are focused on three major areas for innovation. First, strengthening our better-for-you offerings. Next, expanding our convenience platforms; And finally, beginning to broaden our kid-specific options. This reflects the significant uptick in need for simple in-home kids lunches. Better-for-you begins with the re-launch of our Well Yes! brand. This platform was first introduced in January 2017. We’ve added to the platform with a range of highly relevant and successful sipping soups, including two new flavors this past fiscal year. We will now focus on the base business by further improving the quality and taste of the food, completing a full packaging and marketing transformation, and shifting to more affordable pricing.  We expect this will provide a far more attractive better-for-you option and a much stronger competitive position to capture category growth and younger consumers. Also within the better-for-you broth category, we are expanding our Swanson Broth sipping line with two new flavored varieties, Chinese Spice and Moroccan. Sipping represents an incremental occasion for broth and is expanding the Swanson equity. We expect this line to attract younger consumers, particularly Millennials and GenXers who value the ease and convenience of the sipping cup. For our Pacific Foods brand, we will introduce three condensed soup varieties in a can—all of which are organic and gluten free. As the trend of quick scratch cooking continues to grow, these offerings will fit perfectly for consumers who want to save time and add organic and nutritious ingredients to their meals. Our now two-year effort to improve the Health and Wellness of our core condensed business and adding significant new products has gone a long way in breaking down the historical barrier of health and relevance concerns for canned soup. We are also optimistic about the national launch of our Slow Kettle Toppers line with five flavors. We’ve tested this line at a national retailer and have found that it is bringing a new and younger consumer into the soup aisle. This rounds out a compelling convenience section that we see as a new destination that will be created in our soup aisle of the future. Finally, within our core condensed and SpaghettiOs portfolio, we are seeing growth on our kids’ platforms with a higher number of in-home lunches. We have a new SKU launching this soup season, a Tomato ABC variety that combines the popularity of our iconic Tomato variety with the fun of alphabet pasta. We continue to drive relevance with our Kids soup line by featuring familiar faces such as the always popular Disney Princesses along with one of Nickelodeon’s hottest TV shows in Paw Patrol.  In addition, we are launching more permissible varieties of SpaghettiOs like new chicken meatballs and added veggies. As we look ahead, we will continue to invest to bring new news in terms of products and flavors to our kids’ platform. As we head into fiscal 2021, it is a good moment to check our progress against our Win in Soup strategy. We feel great about that progress. Although the environment has changed dramatically, we also have been dynamic and nimble in our approach. The turnaround of the business and expansion of households, attracting younger consumers, and improvements in Pacific Foods are all well ahead of pace. While share is behind where we expected, we consider this capacity-driven and fully expect that to turn around in fiscal 2021. Our innovation, marketing, supply chain and investments are all on track, while shelf and packaging is a bit behind as we have prioritized supply and keeping shelves full in the COVID-19 environment.  We expect to increase our focus in this area in fiscal 2021. To stick with our full swing analogy, I'd say that we are well down the fairway. Admittedly, while we benefited from some tailwinds off the tee, we have made the most of this moment with strong investment and continued focus on innovation. And we are feeling great as we set up for our second shot in fiscal 2021. In other parts of the division, we saw similar results continue into the fourth quarter. Prego maintains its number one share in the Italian sauce category for the 15th straight month, as we saw gains and household penetration in the quarter. Both Prego and Pace saw double-digit consumption gains, however, both also experienced pressure on share, given supply challenges as we're trying to meet, demand, and recover retail inventory levels. V8 and Canada also perform well on the quarter. V8 experienced double-digit consumption growth with gains in both multi-serve and single-serve products. Our Canadian business continued to perform well this quarter, and its results mirrored similar behavior to the U.S. All in all, great performance, and I'm very proud how our team materially advanced the execution of our strategic plan. Let's next look at our Snacks segment. This was another strong quarter for the division as net sales increased by 11%. Excluding the additional week and the sale of the European chips business, Organic net sales increased 7%. Operating profit was flat versus previous year with higher sales being offset by COVID-19 costs and sustained increase in marketing investment. We see this margin dynamic as short-term in nature as we navigate higher COVID related costs. As the year progresses, we expect to remain on our planned path of margin expansion into fiscal 2021, consistent with the trends that we saw in full year margin expansion in fiscal 2020. In-market performance was elevated across the portfolio as our brands are well-aligned to meet consumer needs and current retail trends. The division delivered 21% consumption growth in the fourth quarter and measured channels and growth across all nine of our power brands. Excluding the additional week are in market growth was 13%. The strongest performers included Milano, Late July and our Farmhouse brand. This quarter six of our nine power brands grew or held share. We grew by more than one point across three of the power brands with the strongest growth coming from Lance at 3.7 points and late July at 1.3 points. However, we did see some limited share challenges also in Snacks due principally to supply constraints. On the Snacks business, our net sales number lagged consumption, primarily due to lower growth in our non-measured channels, specifically in convenience store and vending, as well as some retail inventory reduction. We have already taken action. For example, as previously discussed on Goldfish, we have added nearly 20% more capacity to our supply as we head into back-to-school. We also have additional supply coming online for our Cape Cod and Kettle brands in the first half of fiscal 2021. We are also very focused on household penetration for our snacking brands with increases across eight of our nine power brands in the fourth quarter. We significantly increased our marketing investment in Snacks in the quarter to fuel these efforts, with a year-over-year increase of 38% as we doubled down to retain new consumers and support our power brands. Our investment reflects a combination of live TV, online and streaming video along with key media sponsorships. I’m also very proud of our Snacks team for continuing to drive innovation, which is so critical in the snacking category. We launched all our planned innovation for fiscal 2020 and are on track to deliver fiscal 2021 innovation with no delays even as we continue to operate within the constraints of COVID-19. I’m pleased with the performance we’re seeing on some of the innovation that I discussed previously, such as Snyder’s of Hanover Pretzel Rounds and Twisted Sticks as well as our Late July Organic Potato Chips. These products are demonstrating positive signs on repeat and steady velocity growth. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we launched a new line of Farmhouse breads called Breakfast Breads. These soft, thick cut slices of bread rich with whole grains and fruits come in three varieties and are ideal for stay-at-home or on-the-go breakfast. They were developed pre-COVID-19 but were scaled up using the same tele-tasting capability we mentioned last quarter. Next quarter, I look forward to sharing our exciting plans for fiscal 2021 Snacks innovation which will roll out in the second quarter. Let’s finish our discussion of Snacks with a review of our progress against integration and value capture. We continue to remain on plan to deliver the value capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of our acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. The team continues to do an outstanding job adjusting elements of the integration plan in response to COVID-19, and I continue to be very pleased with the consistent progress of the integration of the business and teams despite the outsized impact on costs associated with the pandemic. In conclusion, I am confident in our plan to continue to unlock the growth potential of this unique and differentiated portfolio. The business, which represents about half of our annual sales, continued to perform well and fulfill its portfolio role of sustained growth. As we navigate this unprecedented period of remarkable growth, I hear one question rather consistently: Are these the best days we can expect from Campbell? My short answer is no. Although we clearly have some unique one-time drivers in the second half of fiscal 2020 that created fairly historic growth numbers, the collective progress we have made strategically, the unique investments that have been enabled, and the lasting consumer trends we are experiencing I believe places us in an highly advantaged position as we emerge from this pandemic period, whenever that may be. First, strategically we added millions of new households, and even if the retention of those new consumers is modest, it will still fuel substantial incremental growth to our originally planned trajectory. In particular, it has added significant confidence around perhaps our biggest strategic question, which has been our ability to stabilize and build relevance around our soup business. Second, we have also been able to maximize cash flow and investment during this period, adding significant incremental cash and profit to help reduce debt, build our brands and improve efficiency. Even as we expect profit and cash flow to normalize over time, the incremental benefit of this period has been significant. In addition, I think this operating environment is creating opportunities to evaluate future efficiency as we learn from these last six months. Finally, as we anticipate the return to normality, we do not believe this will undo the experience, capabilities and preferences consumers have developed, like a resurgence of quick scratch cooking and expanded snacking both spaces where our brands play such a critical role. While there still is much to prove, and the environment remains extremely volatile, our more focused North American business, a brand portfolio in highly relevant categories, our relentless pursuit of executional excellence and now with acceleration of our strategic plans, we are very well positioned for the future. With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deeper dive on our financial results and segment performance.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks Mark. As Mark shared, our fourth quarter results were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our net sales increased as demand remained elevated throughout the quarter and we continued to invest in our brands. At the same time, we were able to more than offset incremental COVID-19 related costs resulting in gross margin expansion, and strong EBIT and EPS growth.  Finally, we generated significant operating cash flow and divestiture proceeds in fiscal 2020, enabling us to reduce our leverage and achieve our original target of 3 times adjusted EBITDA, a year earlier than originally anticipated while we continued to invest in the business and maintain our dividend. For the fourth quarter, we delivered total topline organic growth of 12% compared to the prior year. Organic net sales for Meals & Beverages increased 19% for the quarter, driven by double-digit gains across a majority of our retail brands. In Snacks, we delivered organic net sales growth of 7% driven by gains in 8 of our 9 power brands and our fresh bakery products. We are pleased with our adjusted gross margin improvement stemming primarily from the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, mark to market gains on outstanding commodity hedges, improved operating leverage and favorable product mix, offset partially by higher supply chain costs related to COVID-19 and moderate cost inflation. The combination of strong top line growth and gross margin improvement combined with continued investment in our brands, resulted in 22% adjusted EBIT growth in the quarter. Year-over-year adjusted EPS growth was 50% for the quarter reflecting our strong adjusted EBIT performance, and the benefit of lower net interest expense as a result of successful deleveraging. Looking at the full year, I’m pleased with the financial results for fiscal 2020, we grew the top line 7%, which combined with gross margin expansion resulted in adjusted EBIT growth of 14% and adjusted EPS growth of 28% while we continued to invest in the business. I’ll now review our fourth quarter results in more detail, provide a perspective regarding fiscal 2021 and guidance for the first quarter. For the fourth quarter, reported net sales increased 18%. Organic net sales, which exclude the impact from the additional week in the quarter and the impact of the sale of the European chips business, increased 12% driven by volume growth in both Meals & Beverages and Snacks reflecting increased demand for our broad portfolio of products. Adjusted EBIT increased 22% to $307 million as higher sales volumes, including the benefit of the additional week, and improved adjusted gross margin performance were partially offset by increased marketing investment and higher administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 50%, or $0.21, to $0.63 per share, reflecting an increase in adjusted EBIT as well as lower net interest expense and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. For the full year, net sales increased 7%. Organic sales, which exclude the additional week in the quarter and the impact from the sale of the European chips business, also increased 7% from the prior year driven by gains in both Meals & Beverages and Snacks. Adjusted EBIT increased 14% to $1.45 billion reflecting higher sales volume, including the benefit of the additional week, improved gross margin performance, offset partly by increased marketing investment. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 28%, or $0.65, to $2.95 per share, reflecting the increase in adjusted EBIT and lower adjusted net interest expense.  Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales were up 12%. This performance was driven by the 12-point gain in volume with growth across most of our retail brands, offset partially by declines in our foodservice business. The additional week in the quarter added 8 points, and the divestiture of the European chips business negatively impacted net sales in the quarter by 2 points. The impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. All in, our reported net sales were up 18% from the prior year.  Our adjusted gross margin increased by 190 basis points in the quarter to 35.6%. Favorable product mix, which drove a 70-basis point improvement in our adjusted gross margin, was largely driven by the increased contribution from our soup products within our Meals & Beverages segment. Additionally, in order to optimize our supply chain output, we continued to prioritize production of certain SKUs within both divisions. Separately, we are estimating an 80-basis point gross margin improvement from better operating leverage within our supply chain network as we significantly increased our overall production. Net pricing was neutral in the quarter. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 210 basis points due to increased supply chain costs driven by COVID-19 such as increased labor and sanitation costs, and cost inflation, as overall input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 1.5%, partially offset by mark-to-market gains on outstanding commodity hedges.  The negative impact from the incremental COVID-related expenses and inflation was offset partly by our ongoing supply chain productivity program, which contributed 160 basis points. This program includes, among others, initiatives around logistics optimization and ingredient sourcing. And our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program added 90 basis points to our gross margin expansion. This program includes the benefits of various initiatives such as last year's closure of our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario and benefits from the ongoing integration of Snyder's-Lance. All in, our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 35.6%. We are pleased with these gross margin results as we continued to achieve improvement in performance.  Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 37% in the quarter to $265 million. This increase was basically driven by our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion or A&C expenses, which is up 101% versus a year ago.  In Meals & Beverages, the investment reflected greater emphasis on our iconic soup varieties to drive usage, inspire meal solutions, and build brand awareness particularly amongst younger households. Recall that the fourth quarter is typically the lowest in terms of soup sales and related marketing spend, and accordingly the significant increase this quarter was relative to a smaller base in the prior year. In Snacks, our increased investment in our power brands this quarter followed the typical seasonal cadence albeit elevated as we sought to retain new households and support our power brands in the strong current demand environment. Adjusted administrative expenses increased $30 million or 22% to $169 million, with approximately half of the increase driven by the estimated impact of the additional week in the quarter on general administrative costs. The balance of the increase reflects increases in charitable contributions, higher incentive compensation accruals and higher benefit costs, offset partly by the benefits from cost savings initiatives.  Going to the next slide, as I mentioned earlier, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, inclusive of Snyder's-Lance synergies. Full year fiscal 2020 savings were $165 million, which was ahead of our expectations. To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $725 million. We continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to highlight the key drivers of performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 22%. This was largely driven by the increase in demand for our products with sales volume gains contributing $111 million of EBIT growth. The overall adjusted gross margin expansion of 190 basis points contributed $40 million of EBIT growth, which was more than offset by higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses of $71 million reflecting our planned investments in A&C, and higher adjusted administrative expenses of $30 million. The impact from adjusted other income was nominal. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 40 basis points to 14.6%. The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.21, from $0.42 in the prior year quarter to $0.63 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.14 impact on EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-year by $24 million, delivering a $0.06 positive impact to EPS, as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. And lastly, our adjusted effective tax rate of 22.3% led to a positive $0.03 impact to EPS, completing the bridge to $0.63 per share. The effect of the additional week in fiscal 2020 was approximately $0.04 per share. Now turning to each of our segments. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales increased 19% in the fourth quarter, reflecting growth across our U.S. retail business including soups, V8 beverages, Prego pasta sauces, Campbell’s pasta, as well as growth in Canada, offset partly by declines in foodservice. Volumes within our retail business grew principally due to increased food purchases for at home consumption, offset partly by a decline in our foodservice business as a result of shifts in consumer behavior and continued COVID-19-related restrictions. Compared to prior year, Net sales of U.S. soups increased 52% including an 11-point benefit from the additional week with growth in condensed soups, ready-to-serve soups, and broth. Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages increased 24% to $184 million. The increase was primarily driven by sales volume growth, including the benefit of the additional week, and an improved gross margin, offset partly by increased marketing investments and higher administrative expenses. The gross margin increase was driven by the benefit of supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, as well as improved operating leverage and favorable mix, partially offset by higher supply chain costs related to COVID19 and cost inflation. For the full year, Meals & Beverages delivered organic net sales growth of 8% driven by gains in the U.S. retail business including double-digit gains in U.S. soups, including Pacific, gains in Prego pasta sauces and V8 beverages, as well as gains in Canada, partially offset by declines in foodservice. Segment operating earnings increased 10% driven by sales volume growth, including the benefit of the additional week, and an improved gross margin, partially offset by the increased marketing support and higher administrative expenses. Within Snacks, Organic net sales increased 7% in the fourth quarter driven primarily by volume growth reflecting elevated demand of food purchases for at-home consumption as well as strong base velocity growth. These sales results reflect growth in fresh bakery products, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Late July snacks, Goldfish crackers, and Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels, as well as Kettle Brand and Cape Cod potato chips. Operating earnings for Snacks were comparable to the prior year at $136 million. Sales volume gains, including the benefits of the additional week, were offset by increased marketing investments and lower gross margin performance. Gross margin performance declined in the quarter as the benefits of cost savings initiatives and supply chain productivity improvements, as well as favorable product mix and improved operating leverage were more than offset by higher supply chain costs related to COVID-19 and cost inflation. For the full year, organic net sales growth on Snacks was 6% driven by gains in Goldfish crackers, Pepperidge Farm cookies and fresh bakery products, as well as Kettle Brand and Cape Cod potato chips, Late July snacks, and Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels. Segment operating earnings increased 6% driven by sales volume growth, including the benefit of the additional week, and improved gross margin performance on the full year, partially offset by increased marketing investment. I’ll now turn to our cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation priorities. Cash flow from operations through 2020 was $1.4 billion, comparable to the prior year as changes in working capital were basically offset by higher cash earnings and lower other cash payments. Cash from investing activities increased by $2.1 billion driven by the net proceeds from our divested businesses. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $299 million, $85 million lower than the prior year and in line with our previously communicated full year expectation, although slightly lower than anticipated at the beginning of the year, primarily reflecting delays in certain projects impacted by the current operating environment. Cash outflows for financing activities were $3 billion compared to $1.6 billion a year ago. The year-over-year incremental cash outflow reflects the use of divestiture proceeds to pay down debt. Dividends paid in the amount of $426 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. As we updated you last quarter, we had made significant progress to de lever our balance sheet. Ending net debt of $5.3 billion as of the fourth quarter declined by approximately $3.1 billion in fiscal 2020 as proceeds from completed divestitures, along with positive cash flow generated by the business, were used to reduce our debt.  Our leverage ratio, which represents net debt to a trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is now at 3 times. Notably, we were able to achieve this targeted leverage ratio 12 months earlier than anticipated. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $859 million, aided in part by the $1 billion bond issuance completed in the third quarter. Our capital priorities remain unchanged as we will continue to strategically invest for growth in our business, including expanding capacity such as we did with Goldfish recently at our Willard plant in Ohio, while maintaining our quarterly dividend. And while we will continue to reduce our debt, we may now also selectively start to explore strategic tuck-in acquisitions within our categories.  As we look to fiscal 2021, the continuing effect of COVID-19 creates a volatile operating environment, making it difficult to provide a full-year outlook at this time with sufficient certainty. However, I will provide some context as to how we view fiscal 2021 and how that view informs our first quarter fiscal 2021 guidance. First off, while we operate in an uncertain environment, we will continue to focus on strong execution, which includes the continued investment and support of our brands, execution within the supply chain to meet the demand and a continued focus on cost savings. More specifically, based on what we know now, we expect cost inflation within our supply chain to largely be offset by the continued productivity savings across the network. Additionally, we will continue to focus on our overall cost savings program, which includes enterprise and value capture related cost savings initiatives.  From a demand perspective, based on the current environment, we expect demand to remain elevated during the first half, although moderating from Q4 fiscal 2020 given a continued, but decelerating tailwind from COVID-19 and the fact that many COVID-19 impacted products, like soup, have larger comparable bases as we head into the fall and winter. Although we are making steady progress, the continued pressure to fully meet demand and full inventory replenishment within our supply chain will likely moderate the full upside in the first half. We also expect continued COVID-19 related costs, but at a moderated level compared to the fourth quarter as we improve efficiency and more effectively plan the business. Moving on to the second half of fiscal 2021 and assuming a transition to a more normal environment, we will be lapping the significant pantry load and one-time effect that COVID-19 had on our business in the second half of fiscal 2020. We are making every effort to mitigate that impact by retaining new households, sustaining consumer behaviors and new product innovation. Nonetheless, we do expect net sales to decline given the significant one-time nature of last year’s growth. In the back half of fiscal 2021, as we lap this past year’s COVID-19-related costs, we expect to have opportunity, although we expect those gains are not likely to fully offset the impact from volume declines. Finally, a couple of specific items for fiscal 2021. As previously mentioned, we expect continued progress on our cost savings program and expect to deliver an incremental $75 to $85 million in fiscal 2021, keeping us on track to deliver $850 million by fiscal 2022. Additionally, we expect net interest expense of $215 to $220 million, which is lower compared to fiscal 2020 given the lower debt levels. Additionally, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%, largely in-line with fiscal 2020.  As I previously mentioned regarding our capital priorities, we expect to continue to invest in the business targeting capital expenditures of approximately $350 million as we continue to support cost savings initiatives and position the company for future growth. While we do not intend to provide quarterly guidance going forward, we are providing the following first quarter fiscal 2021 guidance in the spirit of transparency. In the short-term some of the key variables we're focused on include current trends in demand, such as consumer behavior during the back-to-school period, and the ability of our supply chain to continue to service elevated order levels.  Within the context I just outlined, for the first quarter fiscal 2021, we expect year-over-year growth in net sales of 5% to 7%, growth in adjusted EBIT of 6% to 9% and adjusted EPS growth of 13% to 18%, or $0.88 to $0.92 per share.  In closing, our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to an exceptional year. I am proud of the focused execution by the teams throughout the organization amidst such uncertain and trying times. Overall, we ended the year with strong momentum on our strategic plan. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thank you, Mick. As we just reviewed, fiscal 2020 was a year like no other in recent memory and an exceptional year of performance for Campbell. And, we have already jumped right into fiscal 2021. I thought a good discipline from last year was to provide our key proof points or milestones that help frame our priorities for fiscal 2021 and help keep everyone aligned to what is working and what is not. Key metrics to measure our progress going forward include. Retention of new households, returning to positive soup shares, sustained progress on Snacks, and better contribution from innovation are all key areas of focus on our growth agenda. And finally, this growth will be supported by continued value capture and Snacks margin, closely managing COVID-19 costs and key capital initiatives. We will be continuing to prioritize the safety and well-being of our people and investing to expand our capabilities to meet the evolving consumer and retail environment. Thank you for your time this morning. Rebecca, over to you.
Rebecca Gardy: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. Our live Q&A call will begin at 8:30 a.m. Eastern this morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q4 and fiscal 2020 Campbell Soup Company live Q&A session. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Rebecca Gardy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma’am you may begin. 
Rebecca Gardy: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management presentation, both of which are available on the Investor Relations section of campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded presentation. After the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will post the transcript and an audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations about our business plans, our first quarter 2021 guidance and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to today's earnings release available on the Investors section of our website campbellsoupcompany.com for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, and for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. We kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. And now with that, I'll now turn it over to the operator for the first question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for the question. Mark, I know that fiscal ‘21 was sort of initially as the way you laid it out in the multi-year plan, thought to be a pretty good year in terms of reframing the Soup category for Campbell through innovation and other means. And I'm trying to get a sense of what's maybe changed or what needs to change around the strategy for this Soup journey, if anything, given recent trends, because if you think about it, Campbell has picked up so many new households and users that I'm thinking the focus maybe now shifts more from retaining -- or to retaining users rather than maybe slowly gaining new ones. I'm trying to get a sense of how that, if at all, changes the sort of the approach and the journey around Soup?
Mark Clouse: Yes, no, great question. I think, the good news is that a lot of the strategic framework of what we had set out to accomplish on Soup initially was laid out in such a way where the primary goal or the objective was to improve relevance of the category and begin to add or recover households that had lost. As you point out, I think the best way to describe where we are right now is that we've, through the pandemic, been able to jump forward on that strategic journey. And if you go back and kind of think about what did we set out to do in '20, it was really to strengthen the base, improve quality, make some material investments in the business to begin to re-establish or rebuild that relevancy, and then begin to build back the innovation funnel. If you kind of think about what we then accomplished in ‘20, really across the board, we well went beyond what our expectations are. So as we go into '21, although I do think it is more about retaining those households, a lot of the strategies and the things that we had planned to do are things that we will continue to do I think just with a higher degree of probability of success and a better set of insights on what's compelling consumers and what's been working or not working. So, a lot of -- I think there's been a lot of discussion or debate about when you kind of come through all this, how do you feel about where you are in the strategic journey on Soup, and that is why to some degree I tried to cover in the remarks that this to me on Soup is a little bit less about peaks and valleys as we think about how to manage through the short-term, but really that steady progress that enables us to come out of this tunnel in a position where Soup is a steady contributor to the business. Because if you go back to the thesis of the company, if you're able to accomplish that in conjunction with what we believe we can do on snacking and even the balance of the Meals & Beverage business, it really does position us in a very advantaged way.  So, as we get into '21, I think the -- one of the things I'll just leave you with is a lot of, I guess powder is still dry in the strategy when it comes to innovation, shelving, many of the things that we have planned in '21. And so, I guess -- I think as I said in my comments, I'm building confidence because you still have those elements, the layer on top of what kind of the shorter-term boost has been. And I'm sure we'll get into a little bit more of the consumer trends, but we've done a lot of work on this behavior of increased cooking and quick-scratch cooking, in particular. And we’ve built now a series of insights that give us a lot more confidence that this is going to sustain beyond just the pandemic period. And I'm sure that'll come up a little bit later, and we can talk more about it. But I think the net of it is, a lot of the same activities is just we're further down the road than we expected. We keep staying that course. I think if anything, this is building a lot more confidence in our ability to make Soup a steady contributor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman : Mark, you said that the operating environment is creating opportunities I think to evaluate future efficiencies as you learn from COVID. Can you maybe elaborate on what that means? How big the opportunity might be? I know it's hard to know for sure right now, but a lot of your peers have discussed this in sort of rough terms, maybe some travel costs can be reduced. I'm just trying to get a sense from you of what you're seeing and the size of that if possible? 
Mark Clouse: Yes. Sure, you're right. It's hard to quantify. I think the way I would describe it is, it's creating drill sites for us for future productivity. And that's I think quite helpful because we've been able to create this kind of, I'd say real world case studies and laboratory to test a few things. I think there's three primary areas though that we see as future opportunity. I think the first is in optimizing the portfolio, right? So where -- are we over-skewed, under-skewed, where are we really getting incrementality from certain extensions of our portfolio, how do we really think about optimizing the effectiveness of our offerings to really match what consumers’ needs are and to create room for what we think is going to be meaningful innovation, while setting up a more efficient overall approach to the portfolio. I think the second area is, as we've seen kind of full utilization across our entire supply chain and route to market, I think it's enabled us to understand some places almost out of necessity in the short term that we've done that we think in the longer term our ability to create certain consolidations, how to think about perhaps hubs to supply in a more efficient way, especially as you think about our Snacks business, where you've got a little bit more complicated route to market. I think we've been able to find even if it's in the face of some higher costs in this year, but as pointed out places where if we can improve that architecture structure, I see opportunity to save money. And then the third, where I think a lot of people spend time talking is how do you learn from this virtual work environment, ways to operate companies more efficiency -- efficiently. Do you need as much travel? Do you need quite the infrastructure that you might have? Can you figure out a way to take what has been working very effectively for the company, and use that as a little bit of a blueprint?  I do very much still believe that the concept of team environment is important for businesses like ours. A lot of the innovation creativity is done through cross-functional collaboration. And although we've done a great job with that virtually, and although I think it can enable and unlock some potential efficiency and savings going forward, I think at the heart of the company I still believe that there's real value in folks being able to sit face-to-face and across the table to work on things.  But I think the good news is all three of those, we’re beginning to mind as opportunities going forward. And I think that's going to help strengthen our pipeline of savings, especially as we're coming to the end of our enterprise savings program, as we talked about, we're wrapping up here the value capture from the Snyder’s-Lance integration. And so it's just great to see some new ideas that are beginning to populate that pipeline. So, good things coming out of a tough situation. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Hey, Mark. I just wanted to revisit the discussion on these new households. So, it's going to obviously be important part of how your growth curve looks over the next couple of quarters and in the next couple of years. So can you just talk about the composition of these new households, and how they might differ from kind of what you were seeing pre-COVID? And just give an example, from the data we've reviewed, which suggests new Prego consumers are younger singles, spend higher online than the average due to vegan and vegetarians, and tend to dine out two to five times a week. So I'm just curious if this is consistent with what you've been observing in your data?
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's very consistent. So we would see, essentially in the households we've added just shy of 50% of those new households are coming from younger consumers. That’s combination of different size households, can be a little bit older Millennials who are now just beginning, young families working with a little bit of a different budget perhaps than they did when they were younger, as well as much smaller households. And I think, as we think about this going forward, those become as you would imagine a very, very high priority for us. And one of the great things about Q4 and I know even coming out of Q3, I had a lot of questions about, okay, even as you're navigating some of the supply pressure, you continue to invest at a very high level. And I think that was incredibly valuable for us in the fourth quarter. And it really prove some terrific learnings and results. One of the things that I think harder to see in the numbers in Q4. But if you take e-commerce as an example where we know there's a higher index to where these particular younger consumers are shopping and gaining information, 86% of our spending on our Meals & Beverage business in the fourth quarter was on digital to support this through a combination of retailers platforms, as well as a whole range of different tactics to really try to understand what works and what doesn't. So as we go into this year, we're going to be more effective. But what we found is we can have a big impact with that population. Our e-commerce business was up over 100% in the fourth quarter. It now represents for us as a company, it essentially doubled in 2020, it’s kind of low-single-digits. Now it's up into the mid-single-digits. And again, as you think about our ability to demonstrate growth there, which again doesn't really show up as much in your measured channels, it creates a really great platform for us to connect to consumers in a very specific way to influence them.  And I think one of the things that I'll just mention too with this particular target that's giving us a lot of confidence beyond just the online success that we had is this dynamic around cooking and quick-scratch cooking. And I think for a lot of people, myself included, I wanted to try to understand a little better behaviorally what's going on, so we can better predict what's going to happen after the pandemic and does that give us a higher likelihood of keeping those consumers in the franchise, right? I think that's the big question. And we found a couple of very specific things that I think are giving us a lot of confidence.  The first is that, the initial read through of what was going on in this cooking was a lot of consumers trying to recreate favorite meals, comfort food, feeling out of necessity having to cook, but staying pretty close to home. I think what we've seen as time goes on, and as confidence is building, think about cooking three meals a day, seven days a week for a couple of months, the amount of confidence these consumers have now in their ability to cook has really broadened their ability to add significant creativity, which is allowing them to reach into dishes and food that is far more I think sustainable longer term, right, where for me it might be 15-minute chicken and rice. For these consumers it is Tuscan chicken and mushroom on rice, cauliflower, using still our ingredients but doing it for a meal that feels far more consistent with where they're going.  And the other exciting thing is that we all knew that there would be a pivot eventually back to healthier recipes. Again, a little more comfort oriented initially, a little more healthier now. And our products are staying right in there, with the combination of what we offer with Pacific, the recognition that a lot of the quality improvements and some of those historical barriers to the can that we really have been working on to overcome. I think we're seeing great indication that we're moving through it.  And then the final one is value. And I think what we're realizing and what consumers are realizing is that, that value equation on this quick-scratch cooking is quite powerful. So, you roll that all together, our ability to impact consumers online, as well as strengthening conviction to cooking -- quick-scratch cooking moving forward gives me a lot more confidence. And I think you heard that in my comments earlier on our ability to retain these households. And in particular, retaining these households on Soup which I think is going to be a very important milestone or indicator, a proof point as we go forward on whether we're able to sustain more of this in the -- starting in the back half, but certainly going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English : Two reasonably straightforward questions. First, in the press release, you mentioned some gains on commodity hedges. You explained to effectively account the majority of corporate costs decrease, which implies like $37 million. But in the presentation, you say it only partially offset the commodity inflation, which suggests less than $15 million. So, first question, what is the magnitude of that? Second question -- I'm going to just bundle these together, net pricing. It was surprising to see that your trade spend is still up year-on-year and promos and net drag on sales. I think it's surprising in context of what's happening with the promotional line overall. So, two parts to that question. One, where's money going? Two, as we think forward, we're hearing from pretty much every company that they're expecting promotions to kind of come back into the market and become more elevated going forward. Do you expect that to happen as well? And given that it's already negative, would you expect that net drag to increase as we go forward? Thank you. 
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Okay. Why don't I take the first one, Jason? So, with regard to your first question to clarify, the mark-to-market gains on commodity hedges, it’s in and around $20 million. 
Jason English : Got it. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. On the promotional, what we're seeing promotionally is, is pricing. I mean we have framed it a little bit as a relatively neutral position in the quarter. I think our net pricing as a contributor within our gross margin bridge was essentially flat. There's a couple of things that are underlying that. We are seeing in -- especially in categories where there is more pressure on supply, some pullback in promotion. I think one of the things we're trying to wrestle with a little bit through all this is okay, I promote the -- if I promote the business with retailers, I may drive a growth rate of 10% or 15%. I can supply maybe 5% or 6% growth. And if I don't promote, I only grow 2%, right? So we're trying to figure out how to calibrate the right kind of promotion and support to get to the best position possible. I do expect as we go through ‘21, that's going to moderate and return to more normality. I think it'll be a little choppier in the first quarter.  But as we start to get into Soup season and beyond, I think you'll see a much more consistent promotional calendar and schedule as we advance. I think in the near term, what we are seeing though is in the absence of some of those and as we shift, mix the things where we may have more the supply and better position, I think you're seeing us continue to promote fairly aggressively. And again, I think we're working very collaboratively with the retailers to try to make sure too that if you're a -- I mentioned this last time, if you're a high-low retailer versus an EDLP retailer, and you're pulling back on promotions, it does create a little bit more of a disadvantage in certain customers. And we're trying to work hard to make sure that we're equitable in our approach and that we're supporting customers navigate through that in the best way possible. So there's a little bit of mix that may be elevating as well.  I think from my perspective though, I think how I would have depicted it is relatively neutral with a trajectory to increase as we go into ‘21. Mick, anything to add kind of the financial bridge side of it? 
Mick Beekhuizen: No, I agree with that. I think that's pricing -- I mean that you also see in one of our bridges in the materials, it was actually net neutral. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: I just -- I had a question for you. I heard about some supply chain challenges in certain parts of your business, and at the same time, inability to ship out of consumption, some of the orders I think like in Soup. So I want to get a better sense if I could about your production capabilities, especially the areas in which you're investing to improve your supply chain. And then just to get a sense around retail inventory or were there still some areas that they build-up or they -- kind of where you stand on retail inventories overall? 
Mark Clouse: Great question. So, let me kind of chunk that into the three pieces you kind of asked. First, as far as the supply chain capability and our execution, I feel great about how the team has shown up. A lot of discussion in the Q3 earnings call and as we kind of guided to Q4, the real improvement or the uptake in what we guided to, to where we landed, was improvement in capacity as it related to Soup, which enabled us to replenish inventory at a higher level, which was our goal. Not fully complete yet. I think you'll continue to see that going forward. But just on the basis of -- when I talk about supply chain challenges, these are not executional challenges. This is not us performing. This is not COVID-related impact. This is simply the sustained level of demand in certain businesses, where we may have a little less flexibility to be able to kind of move to that higher level. So first off, that's kind of the starting point.  I think what you're seeing in this quarter is some variation between businesses, right? If we were in Q3, we were talking a little bit about the depletion of inventory on Soup. I think the great news in Q4 is, we were able to replenish in many areas. One of the dynamics that's happening as you'll see throughout Q1 is the return of the vast majority of the SKUs that we had removed. That there will be some that we choose not to come back with that we think are just good business decisions. But that pipeline still remains. And I would still expect to see our ability to ship ahead of consumption as it relates to Soup as we go through the first quarter. And again, our guidance implies a certain limitation there. We're going to continue to work on improving that capacity as we go forward to hopefully more broaden that ability and ensure. But at the end, we feel good that we'll be there by the time we get to Soup season.  I think what you saw on the other side of the equation was some pressure on businesses across Snacks. In particular, I think the two that right now are probably our areas of biggest focus is our potato chips businesses, our Kettle and Cape Cod. The good news is, we've got a great plan in place, which is really your third point on adding capacity. But there's certainly been pressure there. We've also seen some pressure on supplying Lance, our sandwich cracker business. And on Goldfish, I think we're in great shape on supply. We've opened a new line at Willard. A little bit of what we're navigating on Goldfish to try to figure out again that mix as we go through back-to-school, on whether it's bulk or individual packs, and we continue to see demand remaining very, very high on the bulk side. But I think generally speaking, we feel good about that.  So, there are a little bit of improvements on one, opportunities on other. But as we come through the end of the first quarter, we really expect to be back across the board. And we are making major investments in many of the areas where we have great confidence in the sustainability of the demand going forward. So, places like Goldfish, places like Milano, places like Kettle chips, places like broth on our business, all of those are getting investments, and we need them. But they're I think going to be helping us in a pretty significant ways to get into the second quarter.  So, again, I think that's a little bit of the nature of the guidance in Q1. And again, we would hope that we can create further upside there that, that could be opportunity. But to where we are right now, again, we're trying to be as pragmatic as we can be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow : Two quick ones. The sales guidance for 1Q, do you expect in total to ship to consumption in 1Q or does that include some degree of shipping above consumption in that range? And secondarily, I think you quantified last quarter exactly how much inventory you needed to reload. I think the number was up $200 million. Maybe you can give us an update on that. And last thing, there was a lot of margin compression on Snacks, I think attributed to the A&C investment in quarter. But you also talked about COVID costs really hitting Snacks harder. So, why is there margin compression in Snacks related to COVID? But in Soup the margins are actually going higher. Is it just different businesses in terms of how the COVID costs went through them? 
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, let me first talk a little bit about inventory, again, and what we expect in Q1. So we have a couple of things that are going on in Q1 that I think are important for people try to calibrate on. And I know you're coming out of a quarter where your organic growth is 12%, seeing a guide of 5% to 7% may feel to some a little bit like, okay, well, that's not -- why aren't we just running at the rate going forward. I think there's a couple of variables in there and then I'll -- and then on the tail end I'll catch your inventory piece. The first thing is that we do expect demand -- consumption demand to be elevated, especially on the Meals & Beverage side. But one thing that is worth noting is it's a significantly bigger base in the first quarter. So although I do think growth will be there, I just think the absolute numbers are going to be a little bit moderated from where we are. Right now what we have planned is to continue to recover some inventory on the Meals & Beverage side. But to be honest, we're pushing the team hard to try to create room to recover even more. I would say from a total inventory recovery position across the company, we're probably about half way done. So I still think further ahead on Soup, not as far ahead on some of the other businesses, so I would still expect there to be over the course of Q1, some may even bleed a little bit into Q2. But I'm still expecting about half of that, Rob, to come back over the first half, primarily Q1 but over the first half of the year. And again, a lot of this is going to boil down to how much capacity we're able to generate. So certainly we hope we're going to push above that.  Snacks is a little bit different, right? I think Snacks, what we're seeing is a -- although elevated level of demand in some areas, a more return to normality in others, which by the way I still believe is going to be healthy growth and continuing to make great progress. But for example, we're in the midst right now of back-to-school. And it's been very interesting to watch the first couple of weeks of that, where you see on the one hand a significant increase in our demand for Soup, for quick lunches, as well as bulk on our Snack business. But we definitely see a reduction in some of the more traditional back-to-school portion pack. So, I think as we navigate that, we're trying to calibrate to the right numbers.  I will just say, as I said in my comment, I think it's a complicated time to give people a tremendous sense of precision in the numbers. But I think the general drivers we feel very good about it’s now our ability to match the magnitude. So still a lot of inventory to go. I think healthy demand underlying it, and we would expect that to continue through the first half. And so, that's kind of how we've initially set up these numbers in the first quarter.  Yes, on COVID cost, Mick maybe just a little bit why Snacks is different than Meals & Beverages? 
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, sure. Okay. So let me give you a little bit of context around the COVID cost, we had about $25 million of COVID cost in Q3. If you look at Q4 -- because Q3 was obviously only half impacted by COVID, Q4 we had a full quarter, the overall costs were double that, give or take about $50 million. If you look at the distribution between the two divisions, you see that about two-thirds of that is Snacks, which is really driven by the nature of the manufacturing footprint of the Snacks division i.e. we have many more facilities obviously there.  Then the other piece -- so on the one end you had more COVID costs in Snacks than we had in Meals & Beverages. And the other piece that kind of looking through the quarter, we had increased operating leverage disproportionately within the M&B business driven by obviously much more volume than what we saw on the Snacks side. So, hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of the dynamic there. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. And just to add a little more color. As you go then into the first quarter and into '21, we essentially are modeling those COVID costs to be 50% or closer to Q3 I think. 
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, basically more in line with it. I agree with that, yes.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our last question from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Mark, I just wanted to build on Jason's question in that, the Snyder's-Lance brands, those tended to over promote relative to the categories in the past and given the continued reductions in promo we're seeing in conjunction with I guess limited moderation in base volume growth into Q1, I guess I'm curious: A, how do you feel about the ability to use an environment to sort of wean consumers off at higher promo, especially if you're getting higher ROI on the marketing dollars; and then B, to what extent you see the environment offering opportunities to maybe accelerate any sort of increase in the share of your own brands as opposed to the aisle adder partner brands? Thank you. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, as I've said a couple of times before, I think what's unique about our Snacks business is the differentiated position that we're in, in the sense that we tend to play in a little more added value segments within larger categories. And I think that, that does position us to be in a position where we should be less dependent on merchandising and promotion. I think the reality is though on something, for example, like Snyder’s, Hanover in the pretzel business, it's a very competitive segment as it is in Kettle chips right now as well.  So, I think, one of the things we've learned last year, if you remember turning back the clock, actually all the way back to '19, our ability to get to the right price points on promotion just given the nature of snacking, the right level of frequency will always be an important underpinning to execution in Snacks. But I think that if you pair that then with where we’ve really been building added value as it relates to the equity of the businesses, as we've turned campaigns back on, especially on the Snyder’s businesses, we've been able to see continued progress.  Let me point to late July as a great example, first national campaign that we've ever turned on or had on the business. We turned that on in the fourth quarter. That business grew 30% on a 52-week basis and share gains of over 1 point and a fairly contested tortilla chips segment. But because of the premium positioning, relative to which lies great communication, we could do that in a way where we were able to achieve that without necessarily having to drop down into the price points that more mainstream players have.  So, that's the balancing act we're trying to walk and I think if we get that formula right as we have on brands, like Milano and Farmhouse and on Pepperidge Farm, even Goldfish, although that one is -- again, you've got a very habitual program calendar for Goldfish that when we see -- when that deviates, that does put pressure on the business. But as we get back into normality on that, as we roll through the year, I think most of these businesses we're going to be able to do trade in a more efficient way than perhaps history. But we still got to have enough there that we remain competitive on display. And making sure that we recognize what's happening around us competitively. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mark Clouse for any closing remarks. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, everybody, for joining. I hope you're appreciating the new format. I think we will kind of stick with this where we try to publish our comments earlier and give people a chance to kind of digest and read through and then focus our time together in Q&A when we're on the call. I know there's a lot to digest in this. I know it's a tricky time too. We've certainly tried to build as much conviction and I guess credibility in being as transparent as we can to give the information as we get it and give perspective. Of course, that always creates a little bit of a dynamic that we need to make sure that we're updating it as we go. And we will. I think as we navigate this year, we'll try to make sure that as we see things change or as capacity or demand moves, we'll be as upfront as possible. I don't know that, that translates and I don't think it will to quarterly guidance each time. But we're certainly trying to keep everybody as informed as we can be.  And I just would close with something that I talked about in my comments, which is, if you take a step back and you take stock of where the company is right now, and you say, okay, where -- a year ago, where were we expecting to be and how do we feel about navigating this kind of moment in time? I have to say that across the board strategically I see tremendous benefit that we've been able to extract from a tough moment. And I think that, that is going to set us up very well for the future. And if I think about, again, not perhaps the peaks and the valleys of the near term, but the longer term view of what the thesis of the company is, I have just built significantly more confidence. And I think as you see our two year stack numbers together, I think that's going to provide further evidence of our progress against where we originally set out. And I think in particular, what we’ve talked about on Soup and the conviction around Soup to be not only what we needed it to be, which was a stable player, but with the potential for it to be a more steady contributor along with great progress on our Snacks business. Again, I think gives us the benefit of being a very focused portfolio, a very straightforward strategy, and now with a great deal, more proof points of our ability to sustain performance going forward.  So hopefully that helps give you a little bit of perspective. I know we mixed a bit of Investor Day stuff, along with earnings into today, but I thought it was a good moment to try to talk a little bit about where we are on that strategic journey because I know it's top of mind for many of you investors.  So appreciate everybody's time and questions. I know we'll talk to many later today and we'll try to make sure you've got everything that you need to put the results in context and the guidance going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-06-03 07:15:00) =====
Rebecca Gardy: Good morning and welcome to Campbell's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Presentation. I'm Rebecca Gardy, and I am excited to join Campbell as the new Vice President of Investor Relations. I look forward to getting to know you all in the coming months. As in prior quarters, we've created slides to accompany our earnings discussion. In addition to this earnings presentation, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session at 8:30 Eastern on the morning of June 3rd. A replay of the webcast and a transcript of this earnings presentation, as well of the Q&A session, will be available on the Investor Relations section of campbellsoupcompany.com.  As part of our remarks this morning, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures to describe our business performance, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which is included in the appendix of this presentation and will be posted to the IR section of our website as part of the transcript of today’s call. On Slide 4, you can see our agenda. You will hear from Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO, and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter, and Mick will then walk through the financial details and our updated guidance for fiscal 2020. With that, let me turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Clouse: Thanks Rebecca. We’re excited to have you as part of our team. For those of you who may not know, Rebecca joined the company in late March and has been working closely with Ken Gosnell and the entire finance team on the transition. She brings a broad range of experience in finance and marketing, including nearly a decade in Investor Relations with companies such as Popeye's and Nike, and I’m confident that she will be a tremendous asset to the company and a fantastic resource for the investment community. Welcome. I want to start by saying thank you to the entire Campbell organization, especially our supply chain and front-line teams who have done a remarkable job in taking care of one another and ensuring that we keep our supply chain running as effectively as possible in this challenging and critical moment.  The results we will discuss would not be possible without their inspiring efforts and the support of their families over the last several months. I also want to thank our customers for their partnership and collaboration and our suppliers who have supported us in what is an unprecedented operating environment. As a company we have chosen to simplify our mission in response to this moment and focus on the areas that matter most. This has helped ensure the entire organization is aligned behind three key priorities. First, take care of our people. This is our most important responsibility. Next, produce and distribute our products as safely and as quickly as possible for our customers, consumers, and communities across North America. And finally, anticipate and plan for the future. We have dedicated resources focused on meeting the evolving consumer and retail trends, as well as procurement and manufacturing plans for a variety of demand scenarios. This simplified approach has served us extremely well. Our teams are executing well and delivering on this mission. Our plants have been running 24/7 to meet the unprecedented demand from our customers and consumers. This performance was, and continues to be, remarkable. It represents a tremendous effort across the business from our sales teams working with customers to our supply chain implementing safety and hygiene protocols for the new operating environment. The real heroes in the Company are those front-line teams at our plants, in our warehouses and distribution centers, and in-store sales ensuring our food gets onto the shelves. Although we do still see supply challenges, we are moving quickly to add targeted capacity, and we are working closely with customers to improve service levels and fully meet the demand we are experiencing. In recognition of this performance and the commitment shown by these front-line teams, we introduced temporary compensation to more than 11,000 of our front-line employees in manufacturing, warehousing and in-store sales to reward their enormous contribution to the country and the company. Early on, we also made the decision to commit to focus our community support in the locations where our people live and work. I am proud to share that we’ve contributed over $5 million in financial support and food to Campbell hometowns across North America.  Now turning to our results in the quarter. The impact of the virus has been profound and has affected so many lives. Our thoughts and prayers are with all those families impacted. We are fortunate to be in a position to support the needs of our consumers, and this has translated into a quarter well above what we expected or had originally planned. We experienced broad-based demand across our portfolio as consumers sought food that delivered quality, value and comfort, all attributes that match our brands very well.  Consistent with our strategic plan, the steps we had already taken to focus the portfolio, deleverage our balance sheet, sharpen our operating model, invest in our core brands, and strengthen our accountability and execution gave us a great foundation and strengthened our ability to meet these unprecedented demands on the business. This quarter we delivered growth across all key metrics with double-digit increases in organic sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Organic net sales increased 17%, with strong performance across both of our segments, led by U.S. retail soup which increased 35%. Not surprisingly, our in-market performance also surged across both divisions. In measured channels, our total company in-market consumption increased 29%, with double-digit consumption increases across most of the portfolio. In addition, our brands grew or held share in 9 of our 13 stated priority categories. In-market results did exceed our net sales as the initial pantry loading exceeded shipment capacity and retail inventories were somewhat depleted. That situation is improving but has not fully recovered. The more recent slowdown of in-market results is much more a function of our current lower inventory levels than a material slowdown in demand. As capacity catches up with demand, we expect this will normalize in the 4th quarter or early in fiscal 2021. We continued to advance other key business metrics and strategic plan initiatives, including a 100-basis point adjusted gross margin expansion, supported by productivity improvements and cost savings. We generated $30 million of cost savings in the quarter, which reflect initiatives from our multi-year enterprise program and synergies from our Snacks integration. With the strong increase in net sales, adjusted EBIT increased 31%, even with a significant uptick in marketing investments across both divisions, and adjusted EPS increased 57% to $0.83 per share.  We have attracted new consumers to our brands during the COVID-19 demand surge, giving us access to millions of buyers who had not purchased our brands in the prior 52 weeks. As you might imagine, many of the households are younger and represent significant incremental growth for our brands. We are now mobilizing behind retaining these new consumers as we look ahead. To that end, although demand has exceeded capacity, we continued to increase marketing investments across both divisions with a focus on helpful recipes and snack ideas. Building upon the tone and utility of our existing campaigns, our creative teams demonstrated agility with new digital and TV campaigns, including our Crowded Table anthem advertising that celebrated the role our brands play in comforting people together during this period of separation. This ad has resonated very well with consumers and in particular has accelerated the rejuvenation of the Campbell’s brand. We will continue to invest in the fourth quarter as we work to retain these new households. As you saw in our press release, we significantly raised our guidance for the year, based on our exceptional performance in the third quarter, and our current outlook for continued demand for our products. Mick will review our expectations in more detail in a few minutes. I would caution that there is still a great deal of volatility and many factors could influence our performance going forward, including the duration of the pandemic, further supply chain pressure, changes in consumer behavior, and macroeconomic conditions. However, we want to be as transparent as possible, so we are providing you our best perspective on the outlook for the business given what we are seeing today. As we look ahead, we anticipate that some of the changes we have seen will be more episodic while others will be more structural and lasting. In fact, we see four clear consumer and retail trends that we believe will continue to shape the landscape for the immediate future. First, what we call quick scratch cooking, simple ingredients assembled for a great tasting meal will continue. We expect this will be sustained due to a slow return to away-from-home occasions, growing cooking skills, and a continued desire for low-cost meal solutions. Next, we expect consumer online activities both in terms of home delivery and click & collect to accelerate. We believe the platforms and the convenience they provide will result in continued usage going forward. Third, we also are planning for the shelf to evolve in traditional retail environments that reflect these changing consumer trends. The relevance of certain center-store categories like soup will likely increase and require more in-store inventory, with perhaps a more limited assortment to optimize shelf sets for in-store and online click & collect demand. Finally, value will continue to play an important role as we anticipate the impact COVID will have on the economy. While we expect the economy to recover, it may take time. Ensuring we have affordable products that support consumers through some tougher times ahead will also be critical. All four of these trends line up very well with our portfolio and position us well for the immediate future. With that, let’s turn to a more detailed discussion of our two segments. We’ll start with Meals & Beverages. The Meals & Beverages segment contains many trusted and fabric-of-the-nation brands that consumers have been seeking out or returning to over the last several months based on the quality, convenience and value they offer. Consumers also have gravitated to these brands because of the comfort they bring. Think of tomato soup paired with grilled cheese or family spaghetti night with Prego pasta sauce or the fun of sharing SpaghettiOs with your kids. All of them have seen significant consumption gains during the crisis. For the third quarter, organic net sales increased 21% and operating profit was up 35%. The sales gains were broad based, with increases in U.S. soup, sauces, beverages and Canada. In market consumption advanced 39% in the quarter, and though fueled by the COVID surge, the underlying business had been performing well. We are fortunate that we already had a clear growth strategy and had returned our focus and resources to these businesses before the crisis began. Our Foodservice business was negatively impacted by reduced demand as consumers sheltered in place and avoided restaurants. Although a headwind, it is important to remember the Foodservice only represents approximately 5% of our total revenue, and our teams have moved quickly to maintain support in remaining critical areas like health care facilities and school lunch pick up programs, while repurposing capacity to higher retail demand areas. Marketing expense increased 26% versus prior year with A&C up 29%, as we continued to connect with consumers in ways that would help them enjoy great meals and beverages while at home. As you would expect, the majority of our increased investment was focused on soup, including Pacific. Let’s go deeper on soup. You have heard me speak about our full commitment to our Soup strategy for the past year, and the potential relevancy of our portfolio and the category. The foundational work we had put in place over the last year was always an important step in our long-term plan to re-ignite soup, and it has proven to be even more so in the context of the current moment.  The quality improvements we made on our icon SKUs, Tomato, Chicken Noodle, Cream of Mushroom and Cream of Chicken have served us extremely well in this environment. Consumer response to these quality improvements has been very positive and well timed, supporting the increased household penetration and high repeat rates in new households. Total U.S. soup net sales grew 35% with double-digit sales gains on condensed, ready-to-serve and broth, including Pacific. These products brought a variety of benefits to consumers’ homes in this time, and we expect much of that relevance to continue as we move past the crisis. We did see pressure on share, which although never a good thing, we believe reflects challenges in availability rather than conscious consumer switching. With in-market consumption surges as high as 140%, we significantly depleted inventory in the initial stages of the pandemic. This was not a surprise, as we worked to make as much food as we possibly could and distribute it as quickly as possible.  We also believe our share results, particularly in the ready-to-serve segment, are not fully reflected in syndicated data as we have strong distribution in key non-measured channels where growth was significant. Like everyone, we were and are operating in conditions unlike any we have ever experienced, and we didn’t get everything perfect in regard to product availability. We worked hard to balance the demand across all customers and channels. We've learned a lot along the way. We have already implemented necessary course corrections and saw improvements as the quarter progressed. Overall though, we are extremely pleased with our performance in the quarter, particularly the significant gains in household penetration, as our volume per buyers was up materially. Campbell's soup's household penetration increased nearly 10 percentage points versus the same quarter last year. We gained millions of households across all generations, with the largest gain being the Millennial cohort. It was also an important quarter for our Pacific Foods brand, as it too significantly increased its household penetration. With the scale and resources of Campbell behind it, the timing was right to accelerate the growth of this important brand and introduce it to many new consumers. Perhaps most exciting is the repeat rates we are seeing for these new households and the positive engagement with consumers we are experiencing in social and digital platforms. We continued our investment in marketing to drive the relevance of our soup brands, with a 57% increase in A&C in the quarter. We made the decision to keep our advertising on the air, as much of our existing creative was appropriate for the moment. Our increased advertising was directed toward efforts across condensed, ready-to-serve and broth, as we provided our consumers with ideas and inspiration for quick-scratch cooking, with a range of classic meals and new creative ideas. While there was an initial pantry load in the quarter, we did see strong consumer pull-through driven by increased usage and new eating patterns. Now more than ever, consumers are looking for quick, easy meals and soup clearly plays a vital role. In addition, there's no category better suited for at-home lunch than soup. These advertising spots have been very effective for us and have driven strong base velocity lifts while on air, while also increasing brand perception and relevance. Something we've discussed previously is our concerted effort to improve customer relationships. Overall, we are in a good place with our retail partners, and in fact I believe we have further improved our relationships as a result of the constant communication and collaboration throughout this crisis. It has been a process of planning, learning and re-planning to ensure we are meeting all our customer needs to the best of our ability in this dynamic environment. In other parts of the division, we saw similar results. In particular, the growth of our Prego pasta sauce brand accelerated dramatically with consumption up more than 50% versus prior year. Importantly, this quarter marked an entire year of Prego holding the number one share in Italian sauce. In addition to Prego, other parts of our Meals and Sauces portfolio saw strong growth, including Pace and supporting players such as SpaghettiOs, as consumers turned to these familiar shelf-stable favorites for comfort, quality, convenience and value. The V8 portfolio also continues to be a positive performer for us coming out of the quarter. Our sizeable Canadian business performed well, driven by similar consumer behavior as in the U.S. Of note, the largest share gains in soup in Canada came from our Pacific Foods brand. All-in-all, a truly remarkable performance in this environment, and a material step forward in our strategy of building relevance and expanding our consumer base across the portfolio. Let's next look at the other half of the company with a discussion of our Snacks segment. This was another strong quarter for the division with organic net sales increasing 12% and operating profit up 19%. Similar to our Meals & Beverages division, Snacks experienced increased demand and we continued to invest in our brands. The division delivered 19% consumption growth in Q3 in measured channels, with all nine power brands growing consumption double digits.  Also similar to our Meals & Beverages division, Snacks in-market demand exceeded immediately available capacity, especially on brands like Goldfish and our bakery business with a more limited inventory. Consistent with Meals & Beverages, we are catching up on inventory and expect to be in a stronger position going into the next couple of months.  Our in-market performance was balanced across the portfolio with increases coming from new brands like Late July leading with 38% growth and classic brands like Milano, which grew at 28%. The strong growth in premium snacks such as Late July, Milano and even Pretzel Factory underscore consumers’ desire for comfort and small indulgences during this time of uncertainty. Our snacking brands gained 5.4 percentage points of household penetration during the quarter, with increases across all 9 of our power brands. In the last four weeks, we’ve seen new households return to re-purchase our snacks, a positive sign of the relevancy of our brands and an early indicator of our ability to retain these new consumers. We’re now focused on making those new households stick and are looking at several levers to do this, including continuing to connect through compelling communications, ensuring continued availability, and providing the variety and formats that meet their needs today and into the future. Marketing expense in Snacks increased 11% in the quarter, and we intend to double down on our marketing investment in the fourth quarter to retain these new consumers. We will turn marketing on for all our power brands, with new campaigns for Late July and Goldfish. This quarter, 7 of our 9 power brands grew or held share. We grew by more than one point across five of the power brands, with the strongest growth coming from Late July at 2.5 points and Lance at 1.9 points. We saw small losses on Goldfish down 0.7 points and Snyder’s of Hanover 0.5 points despite strong consumption growth of 11% and 21% respectively.  Even as some of the earlier COVID demand slows, with this rapid expansion of our brands we are well positioned for the future where we expect Snacks will continue to be a primary driver of growth in the industry. I’m also pleased with the performance we’re seeing on some of our new innovations that I discussed previously, specifically Veggie Goldfish, Snyder’s of Hanover Pretzel Rounds and Twisted Sticks as well as our Late July Organic Potato Chips. While we had slower distribution builds than we planned due to COVID-19, we are seeing early positive signs on repeat as we continue to build awareness. We have also developed new and creative ways to keep advancing new product launches. In fact, we just launched two new bakery items, just in time for Memorial Day. Farmhouse Honey Wheat Bread and the extension of our successful Farmhouse Butter bread into buns.  Let’s finish our discussion of Snacks with a review of our progress against integration and value capture.  The headline here is that we remain very much on plan to deliver the value capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. The team did a great job adjusting elements of the integration plan in response to COVID-19, and I continue to be very pleased with the consistent progress of the integration of the business and teams. In Q3, we completed the actions we spoke of last quarter to improve the effectiveness of the Snacks organization. The result was a more streamlined and effective structure. Looking ahead, I expect value capture to continue in the fourth quarter with ongoing savings from our procurement and organizational effectiveness efforts. Our Snacks business, which represents about half of our annual sales, continued to perform well and fulfill its portfolio role. With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deeper dive on our financial results and segment performance.
Mick Beekhuizen : Thanks Mark. Clearly, our operating performance for the third quarter was significantly impacted by the surge in demand for our products stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. I’ll now share my perspective on the quarter and outlook for the balance of the year. As Mark stated, organic net sales increased 17% from the prior year. Organic net sales for Meals & Beverages increased 21% for the quarter, driven by gains across a majority of our retail brands with our U.S. soups and Prego pasta sauces growing in excess of 30% year-over-year. In Snacks, organic net sales increased 12% driven by double-digit growth in 8 of our 9 power brands. Our adjusted gross margin benefitted primarily from favorable product mix and operating leverage, as well as supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, offset partly by moderating cost inflation and other supply chain costs including mark-to-market losses on outstanding commodity hedges and incremental costs incurred related to COVID-19. We continue to make strong progress against our cost savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022, delivering $30 million of incremental savings in the third quarter, bringing the program-to-date total for continuing operations to $680 million. Top line growth, gross margin improvement, and delivery on our cost savings programs, combined with continued investment in our brands, resulted in year-over-year adjusted EBIT growth of 31% in the quarter. Year-over-year adjusted EPS growth was 57% reflecting our adjusted EBIT performance, as well as the benefit of lower net interest expense as a result of our deleveraging efforts. Lastly, we are raising our fiscal 2020 guidance for net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS as a result of our strong third quarter performance and outlook.  As Mark cautioned, we continue to operate in an uncertain environment, and although the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS cannot be predicted with certainty, this revised outlook reflects our current expectation of trends through the balance of the fiscal year.  I’ll now review our results in more detail. For the third quarter, reported net sales increased 15%. Organic net sales, which exclude the impact of the divested European chips business, increased 17% to approximately $2.2 billion driven by volume growth in both Meals & Beverages and Snacks reflecting increased demand for at-home food consumption in March and April. Adjusted EBIT increased 31% to $386 million as higher sales volumes and an improved adjusted gross margin were offset partly by increased marketing investment. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 57%, or $0.30, to $0.83 per share, reflecting an increase in adjusted EBIT and lower net interest expense. For the first nine months, net sales increased 4% while organic net sales increased 5% driven by growth in both Meals & Beverages and Snacks. Adjusted EBIT increased 13% to $1.1 billion reflecting higher sales volume, an improved gross margin and higher adjusted other income, offset partially by increased marketing investment. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 24%, or $0.45, to $2.34 per share, reflecting the increase in adjusted EBIT and lower adjusted net interest expense. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales were up 17%. This performance was driven by the 17-point gain in volume with growth across the majority of our retail brands, offset partly by declines in our foodservice business. The divestiture of the European chips business negatively impacted net sales in the quarter by 2 points and the impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. All-in, our reported net sales were up 15% from the prior year. Our adjusted gross margin increased by 100 basis points in the quarter to 34.7%. Favorable product mix, which drove a 120-basis point improvement in our adjusted gross margin, was largely driven by the increased contribution from our soup business within our Meals & Beverages segment and a favorable mix within our Snacks portfolio. Additionally, in order to optimize our supply chain output we prioritized certain SKUs within both divisions. Separately, we are estimating a 110-basis point gross margin improvement from better operating leverage within our supply chain network as we significantly increased our overall production. Net pricing was minimal and resulted in a 10-basis point decrease. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 300 basis points. Approximately one-third of the impact is attributable to cost inflation, as overall input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 1.5%. Another third of the impact is related to mark-to-market losses on outstanding commodity hedges, primarily related to diesel. Lastly, the remaining balance of the impact is primarily related to increased supply chain costs due to COVID-19 such as increased labor and sanitation costs. The negative impact from cost inflation and other factors was offset partly by our ongoing supply chain productivity program, which contributed 130 basis points. This program includes, among others, initiatives around logistics optimization, ingredient sourcing, and plant asset utilization. And our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program added 50 basis points to our gross margin expansion. This program includes the benefits of various initiatives such as last year’s closure of our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario and benefits from the ongoing integration of Snyder’s-Lance. All in, our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 34.7%. We are pleased with these gross margin results as we continued to achieve improvement in performance.  Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 12% in the quarter to $239 million. This increase was driven primarily by our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion expenses, which is up 19% versus a year ago. These investments primarily reflect higher levels of support behind Soup, as well as investments in our Snacks power brands.  Adjusted administrative expenses increased 4% to $144 million, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation accruals, as well as higher general administration costs and inflation and investments in information technology, offset partly by the benefits from cost savings initiatives and lower benefits costs.  Going to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $30 million in savings, inclusive of Snyder’s-Lance synergies. To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $680 million. We expect incremental cost savings of approximately $150 million for the full year and continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to highlight the key drivers of performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 31%. This was largely driven by the increase in demand for our products with sales volume gains contributing $96 million of EBIT growth. The overall adjusted gross margin expansion of 100 basis points contributed $22 million of EBIT growth, which was more than offset by higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses of $26 million reflecting our investments in A&C. And the remaining impact of all other items, consisting of adjusted administrative expenses, R&D and other income, in aggregate, was nominal. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 210 basis points to 17.2%.  The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.30, from $0.53 in the prior year quarter to $0.83 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.24 impact on EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-year by $34 million, delivering a $0.09 positive impact to EPS, as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures and our strong cashflow to reduce debt. And lastly, our adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6% was higher than the prior year rate of 21.5%, leading to a two-cent negative impact to EPS, completing the bridge to $0.83 per share. Now turning to each of our segments. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales increased 21% to $1.2 billion, reflecting growth across our U.S. retail business including soups, Prego pasta sauces, V8 beverages, Campbell’s pasta, Pace Mexican sauces and Swanson canned poultry, as well as growth in Canada, offset partly by declines in foodservice.  Volumes within our retail business grew primarily due to increased food purchases for at-home consumption, offset partially by a decline within our foodservice business driven by stay-at-home mandates and other COVID-19 related restrictions. Net sales of U.S. soups increased 35% compared to the prior year with growth in condensed soups, ready-to-serve soups and broth.  Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages increased 35% to $275 million. The increase was driven primarily by sales volume growth and an improved gross margin, offset partly by increased marketing investments. The gross margin increase was driven by improved operating leverage and favorable product mix, as well as the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, offset partly by cost inflation and higher other supply chain costs, which includes COVID-19 related costs. Within Snacks, organic net sales increased 12% to $1 billion driven primarily by volume growth reflecting elevated demand of food purchases for at-home consumption. These sales results reflect growth in fresh bakery products, Goldfish crackers, and Pepperidge Farm cookies, as well as Kettle Brand and Cape Cod potato chips, Pop Secret popcorn, Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels, Lance sandwich crackers, Late July snacks, and Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps. Operating earnings for Snacks increased 19% to $154 million. The increase was primarily due to sales volume growth and an improved gross margin, offset partly by increased marketing investment and higher selling expenses. The gross margin increase was impacted by favorable product mix and improved operating leverage, as well as the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, offset partly by cost inflation and higher other supply chain costs, which includes COVID-19 related costs. Cash from operations through the first nine months of fiscal 2020 decreased year-over-year by $23 million to $1.13 billion primarily driven by changes in working capital, principally accrued liabilities, offset partly by increased cash earnings. Cash from investing activities increased by $2.5 billion to $2.32 billion driven by the net proceeds from our divested businesses. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $220 million, $54 million lower than the prior year, primarily reflecting delays in certain projects impacted by the current operating environment. We are now forecasting CapEx of approximately $300 million for fiscal 2020. Cash outflows for financing activities were $2.38 billion compared to $941 million a year ago. The year-over-year incremental cash outflow reflects the use of divestiture proceeds to pay down some of our debt. Dividends paid in the amount of $320 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. As we updated you last quarter, we had made significant progress to de-lever our balance sheet. Ending net debt of $5.5 billion as of the third quarter declined by approximately $2.9 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2020 as proceeds from completed divestitures, along with positive cash flow generated by the business, were used to reduce our debt. In April, we raised $1 billion through the issuance of 10- and 30-year bonds. In early May we repaid the $300 million which was outstanding on our revolver and while we currently have an increased cash balance, we plan to utilize these proceeds to reduce a portion of our outstanding debt. We are comfortable with our overall liquidity position, in light of the increased cash balance combined with the highly cash generative nature of our business. Our leverage ratio, which represents net debt to a trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is now at 3.2 times. Now I'll review our updated guidance for continuing operations for fiscal 2020. As a result of our performance in the third quarter, which was significantly impacted by the increase in demand of our products amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, and our current outlook for continued demand for our products, we are raising our fiscal 2020 outlook for net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. As previously mentioned, although there exists a great deal of uncertainty surrounding the effect and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, this revised outlook reflects our current expectation of trends through the balance of the fiscal year. We now expect reported and organic net sales growth of 5.5% to 6.5%, adjusted EBIT growth of 12% to 14% and adjusted EPS growth of 25% to 27%, or $2.87 to $2.92 per share. And as a reminder, fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year resulting in an additional week, which we believe to have about a 2-percentage point impact across net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. And for clarity, our outlook for organic sales excludes the negative 2-point impact from the sale of the European chips business as well as a 2-point contribution from the 53rd week. Overall, we had strong financial results during the quarter while operating in a challenging environment. I'm particularly impressed by all the hard work from my colleagues within the supply chain and how quickly everyone within Campbell has adjusted to the current working environment.  I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thank you, Mick. This is a unique moment for Campbell and the entire food industry. How will this crisis impact consumer behavior in terms of the food they eat, where they eat it, and how they shop for it? What changes are episodic and what changes are structural? These are questions that we are focused on addressing as we work our way through the fourth quarter and plan for the upcoming fiscal year, including anticipating the various scenarios and ensuring our supply is ready and in place to meet that demand.  I’d like to leave you with four clear thoughts on the business. One, we are executing very well while remaining safe, and we expect to continue to do so. Two, the actions we have taken over the last year to focus the portfolio and organization, reduce debt, and return resources to core brands was critical for our preparedness to react to this crisis. Three, this environment does not require a change in strategy for the company. In fact, it has materially advanced our strategy of building relevance in our classic, core brands, while accelerating growth in our differentiated snack brands. Finally, we expect the primary consumer and retail trends discussed earlier to continue going forward. Consumers seeking comfort food, while still wanting wholesome food from brands they can trust; quickscratch home cooking; an increased focus on value; and the acceleration of on-line shopping and marketing. As I said earlier, all of these trends are very much aligned with our portfolio and capabilities. I am confident that we are prepared to make the most of a tough situation and ensure that Campbell is well-positioned in this new world. Thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. Our live Q&A call will begin at 8:30 AM Eastern this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Campbell Soup Q3 2020 Earnings Q&A Session. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Ms. Rebecca Gardy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Rebecca Gardy: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management presentation, both of which are available on the Investor Relations section of campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition, we have posted a transcript for the prerecorded presentation. After the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will post the transcript and an audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations about our business plans, our 2020 guidance and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to today's earnings release available on the Investors section of our website campbellsoupcompany.com for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, and for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. We kindly ask that you limit yourself to two questions.  And now with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for the first question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Love to start off by picking up on some of your comments from today's slides and transcript around household penetration and repeat rates. I think you described soup repeat rate as exciting, especially for new households. Some of the work we've done suggest repeat rates for some of these new trialers is running ahead of the rates may be shown by this group at this time a year ago? So understanding we're not yet by any means in a normalized environment with many still sticking close to home. I would really like to hear your thoughts sort of on this, what you find exciting about it specifically. And maybe while early, what this all implies to about the potential stickiness of some new consumer purchases, which again, in light of all the investment Campbell is making obviously to perpetuate this trend? 
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a great question. And I think let me just start by maybe providing a little bit of context on how we have seen the cycles of demand through this period, and third quarter I would describe as containing really two very distinct phases of this. I think the first phase more of a -- I would describe more as a psychological phase where not unlike you might see in a weather related pantry load, although in this case, it would be the equivalent of a blizzard in every city in the country. It becomes about bringing things into the home that you know are shelf stable, that are capable of sustaining time and being available when you need it. And like I said, that becomes a little bit more of a response.  And that was the early phase certainly that we saw. And in those periods, it was dramatic demand. I mean there were times where we would see segments like ready-to-eat soup with demand increases of 140% which obviously significantly changes what the capacity in the manufacturing plant. The team did an amazing job I believe through that phase in ensuring that we could prioritize getting product into the marketplace, into retailers and ultimately into communities. And we made a fairly conscious decision not to constrain that in any way and ensure that we could push as much out as we could. Certainly that depleted inventories, and we'll talk about that in a moment, I'm sure. But I think that was really the distinct first phase.  The second phase, though, that we've seen and perhaps the one that for me, when I describe it as exciting, is it is giving us an opportunity to really bring consumers into our brands through behavioral demand. And what I mean by that is changes in things that they are actually doing within their life, whether that is the result of being sheltered-in-place, whether that is the need to build, quickscratch cooking as an example, is a new skill set. And the role that our products play within those behaviors has really generated I believe the sustainment of demand and more importantly the repeat. And I think as we watch both the combination of the sustainment of that demand along with what we're seeing from consumer response and satisfaction with products that they may not have tried in the past, we're feeling very good about that response. And I think the positive momentum that has been built on the businesses, to say the least, we are fortunate that I think we had done all the work we did before this started in really establishing improved quality, a lot of good marketing and resources around informing and helping with usage or recipes, and also returning a lot of support to our business, including ramping up Pacific. All of this helped us then as this behavioral phase moved forward. I think as you then look forward from that, and I'd say there's probably a third phase coming here, which is a bit more of let's call it at least the immediate new normal. I think we're encouraged for a couple different reasons. One is, I think some of the behaviors and consumer trends that we've seen, I really do feel are going to have stickiness and continue as we go forward. So I think as consumers are building skill sets and things like quickscratch cooking, and another area within quickscratch, I would call a simple lunches where our products play an incredibly important role. And so however, you see the economy opening back up. I think there will be a slower migration to away from home. I think they will maintain a level of remote working, where lunches, maybe virtual schooling in some cases, where our products will continue to be highly relevant, and that, that behavior I think will continue.  I also think that as we come through this in whatever continuum of economic environment you might expect, I do think there is going to be strain. And I think value will play an important role for consumers going forward. And our products, historically speaking, have been highly relevant in those moments of recession or economic pressure. Now, I think there are other trends that we got to move on to really ensure that we're making the most of this opportunity. And that's the shift to things like online behavior for shopping, for media consumption, for buying, and of course, whether it's click-and-collect or home delivery. We are on that case working really hard, because we do believe that will be a trend that will continue going forward. And then I also briefly talked about the shelf in traditional retail. So the other work that we need to be doing right now is to really understand that optimal assortment and making sure the inventory remains kind of balanced with where demand is going to come from, that we’re selective and thoughtful about what that assortment looks like while making room for innovation that we still believe is going to be important. So as I look to the future, although I can't tell you how the demand will hold up, I do think those trends will be consistent and those will be positive for us. And even if they do slow a bit, I do think we are going to be in a position through the balance of the fourth quarter and even into the beginning of the year, where just simply the replenishment of our inventory levels and shelf are going to be a positive tailwind as we work through the year. So that's the -- I think it’s a little bit perhaps broader answer, but that gives you the kind of the view of the cycle that we've been through, and why we think that there's still momentum ahead. And of course, we're going to have to remain nimble, because I do think it's difficult to predict with any certainty exactly what it will look like. But I think those are all very positive indicators.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask about the decision to push hard on marketing at a time when demand exceeded your production capacity. I really do appreciate the unique opportunity you have to keep all of these new consumers to lean in on your retention efforts. And I do very much appreciate the value in that. But I also imagine there's risk of overheating demand, which can lead to some out of stock disappointment, so to speak. So just curious how you thought about that balance during the quarter and also how it informs your, I guess, implied fourth quarter guidance as well? 
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's -- absolutely it is a balancing act. I do think though, what is really the name of the game for us right now, if we think about the ability to take what is such a unique opportunity. And if you think about the strategy of the company, especially on brands like soup, essentially our strategy was to try to build relevance, attract our lapsed users and open the door to younger households coming into the franchise. And as we said in our remarks, that's exactly what has occurred in this current moment.  And so, I do -- I don't want to overdramatize the moment but in thinking about kind of a once in certainly a long period of time opportunity, we want to make sure that we solidify the relationship with these consumers and households.  Now, I do think that is different than incenting purchase-only. So you may not see the same level of promotional support that we've had historically. But I do think where we're talking about usage, quality and differentiation of our products, how we're thinking about building equity, how we're communicating with consumers in different and relevant ways based on which cohort it is we're working with, whether it is kind of the textbook comfort food that's associated with many of our products or whether it's a fantastic recipe idea targeting a younger household on different media and digital formats that explain how to make risotto with tomato soup, which has been one of the really -- interestingly very, very high demand, a recipe we've seen.  And I think the goal here is to not miss that opportunity to drive the equity and connection while not necessarily just spending into selling more product. And part of this equation also is not us in isolation, right? We're in a moment of probably the greatest level of collaboration I've certainly seen in our industry in a long time with our retail partners.  So what we want to do is work together. We obviously don't want to be pushing things that are going to create frustration or disappointment in their consumers -- their consumers and our consumers. But I do think there is a way to kind of thread this needle a bit and try to do everything we can to retain, while also not over aggravating the situation. So I don't know Ken if that gives you a context, but that's -- that is really how we're thinking about it.
Ken Goldman: No, it does, and I appreciate the challenge. We're in uncharted waters here. I guess for my follow-up speaking of uncharted waters, as we think about your implied fourth quarter guidance, we're drawing up an outlook in this kind of environment, one we've never seen before. I'm just curious, do you naturally leave yourself a bit more wiggle room on the downside than the upside, sort of a just in case factor. I know you said that the implied range does reflect your best estimate at the moment and as it should, right? But I just want to understand kind of what's assumed behind the scenes maybe to get to the low and high ends of the range if I could. 
Mark Clouse : Yes, I think Ken what we try to do is -- and of course, this is kind of some new muscle groups that we're all building where you've got such materiality of variables that can change the outlook. But our feeling was, let's take a set of assumptions that we feel are best informed by what we're seeing today and what we believe the future will hold. And then let's create some sensitivities around those for different circumstances. And those sensitivities then kind of frame up if you will of low side, high side that we use to try to predict it.  And in this particular case, because we're essentially with two months left of a three month quarter to finish the year, I did feel a greater sense of obligation to try to give a better view of that world while recognizing that there are some things that are tough to predict. So, I don't think we -- and to answer your question a little more directly, I don't think we ever want to try to put ourselves in a position where we don't have flexibility to react to certain variables that we can’t see.  So we're always going to try to manage it in that way. But I will tell you, there are scenarios where the guidance would not look conservative. And there are certainly scenarios where it possibly could be. But I think, what we're trying to do is kind of give you our best effort.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you. Hey, good morning, everyone. So, two questions from me. The first one Mark, in the prepared remarks, you talked a bit about -- and I guess the future of the retailing landscape, just the potential for shelf sets to change and maybe limited assortment. So could you talk a little bit about how that might affect new product development, especially in soups going forward? I think, the expectation on our end was that moving into fiscal '21, we were -- we would see maybe more new products, more innovation versus renovation. So, if the shelf sets are going to change, does that -- how does that really change the way you will approach new product development? And then have a follow up.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think it's early innings in really trying to process the data and the projection of where we're going as it relates to the shelf. But I do believe that what we're going to want to do is make sure -- and this is -- and this would be true in many categories that are building or that have grown relevance. We want to really understand how to utilize that space in the most effective way. And that's inclusive of supporting retailers as many are dealing with the realities of their shelf being both a reflection of what the retail shopping experience looks like, while also the online click and collect environment as in essence becomes a bit of the warehouse, if you will, for that approach to shopping. And so, we have tackled a pretty extensive and very detailed work to try to put our best foot forward in collaboration with customers to try to really identify where that goes. Now, the good news is, our knowledge and our understanding of the innovation platforms that we're planning were very much a part of that. And I think that as we look at the future forward, what you're more likely to see is not necessarily us not moving forward with innovation, although in fairness there will be perhaps some platforms that come a little later than others just because of some delay, as you think about in plant trials and so forth, as you go through this unique environment we've been and although we're certainly getting that back online and moving forward. But I think that will be part of that assessment. So I don't expect it to stop us from bringing what we believe to be relevant, especially as we're talking about some of these new consumers, where we know things like convenience and sipping and some of the flavor, the better-for-you platforms that we've talked about in the past, as being at the heart of where that innovation is going to come from, I think very much remains relevant and will be part of it. But we may have to answer the question of do we need item number 30 or 40 in some of the tails of our businesses. If you look at our ready-to-eat portfolio, I've talked about this before and actually if you look at our share loss in the third quarter, which I'm sure someone will get to that in a bit, but the reality is that a large portion of that is in that tail of ready-to-serve. So these are some items that we've made the decision perhaps in the short-term to rationalize and we need to really think about longer term what the right answer is.  And then I'm going to give you a little bit of a tongue in cheek answer here, Bryan. But the other thing is, we've got a couple what is performing and behaving like new products in our core. Now, I'm going to stop short of calling condensed soup a new product launch, but that is the way we're trying to behave. We're thinking about now in a world where households are using this for the first time, how do we really support it as if we’re in this kind of year two of new product launches and let's not jump so quickly to the new item if we think there's real opportunity to continue to build the relevance and the repeat rate in these new households on products that may have been old, but it's new to them. And I think that's a big part of our strategy too.
Bryan Spillane: I think tomato soup and risotto is probably new to a lot of people on this?
Mark Clouse: Yes. Don't knock it until you try it, Bryan. Alright? 
Bryan Spillane : I'm going to do it. Hey, and just one follow up Mark just -- maybe this follows up a little bit on Ken Goldman’s question. But I think he talked about refilling or retailer inventory. I think one question we get quite a bit is just have we built a lot of pantry inventory, right? So if you can just give us maybe a quick check on where pantry inventories were maybe before all this started, and then where you think they stand today relative to just sell-through and how that affects revenue going forward?
Mark Clouse: Yes. And we have a pretty decent mechanism for surveying that to get a bit more of a quantitative view of it. And the numbers that we're seeing are very healthy levels. And in fact, in some areas we may be given the time of year we are a little bit heavier on inventory levels in the pantry on things like soup. But also given the underlying consumption and demand, if you were to equalize, let's call it, days of supply or weeks of supply in the pantry, in most cases it's going to be below where it's been historically. We do not believe that we're in a situation where at some point the line is going to be snapped and we're going to be deloading pantries. That's just not what the numbers are supporting. So I think we're in pretty good shape there. And again, I think we'll probably talk at some point about a little bit of the slowdown in recent weeks that we've seen in consumption and demand. And part of it is us racing to try to rebuild some inventory. And a lot of people have asked, as we've talked about internally, well, how do you know that's happened? What's the evidence that there is an outrunning of demand to supply? And I think you see it in really in two ways.  The most obvious is the shipment and the orders that we're getting. So, as you watch the third quarter roll forward, we really had -- from essentially March to April, we've really not had any variation in the order demand. As we -- let me just take a second to explain this. So in the beginning, right, we were hit in many ways the hardest with demand. And we did a really good job. I mean I'm incredibly proud of the supply chain. And even though we're talking about constraints. Remember this is a supply chain that was supporting businesses that had been relatively flat to declining for the better part of the last decade. Now we're reacting to 40%, 50% increases. Building that muscle group has taken a little bit of time, but I really am incredibly impressed and proud of the team and what they've done.  But that initial surge we did very well. If you see it in our share, you see it in the consumption. But as we went through that really first phase, we depleted a lot of inventory. And we've now been in the process of recovering. So, part of what we know is that, that shipment request has not gone down at all, it's really been more about us working with customers to get it right.  The second area and where you can see it as in TDP. So if you want a more external quantification of where that impact is, you can look at the trending of TDP declines from the beginning of the crisis to where we are now. And essentially what you'll see is -- and what that does is it reflects what's not on shelf. And so 3% to 4% decline in TDPs during the surge has now gone to double-digits. We are starting to see that recover, as we said, I expect through the fourth quarter and in some cases it may be as late as the beginning of next year, but we will be back with that inventory in place. And so that's a little bit of the way you can tell from a quantification standpoint.  So that -- not really your question more on retail inventory versus pantry but I think in both circumstances we've got a bit of a vacuum here that we're going to need to fill with supply over the months ahead. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Mark, I was hoping you can just comment on, just given the current state of affairs, how you think about the cost structure longer term. I mean is there an opportunity here to reshape just given how some of the work processes have changed, maybe you have found some incremental opportunities? And then just thinking about some of the upside that you've seen, is there an opportunity to accelerate initiatives that maybe you have planned a year or two years out that you feel like you can maybe pull forward now. Any thoughts around that would be really helpful?
Mark Clouse: Yes. And you see it in our numbers and the operating leverage that we're experiencing. Maybe I'll let in a second Mick highlight a couple of the areas where we're seeing that leverage come through. There's no question that a more optimized or full supply chain is going to be more efficient. At the same time, we don't want to be in extended periods of time where we're not able to supply to meet demand. So I think what we're trying to do is all -- we also don't want to end up being in a situation where we're spending and investing in capital ahead of confirmation of the sustainment of some of the demand. So these are all the variables that we juggle to try to put together our best foot forward.  So some areas are simple. So us accelerating and, for example, ensuring that even through this period of remote working, we find a way to safely move as fast forward as we can on Goldfish capacity where we're adding a new line in our Willard, Ohio facility and we’ve really worked through the crisis to keep that initiative moving. That one’s an easy decision to make.  As it relates to areas like soup, what we've done is we have gone through first and as we've talked in the past about optimizing assortment, but I do think there are some particular areas where we want more flexibility, even if it's in anticipation over the next year or so, God forbid, we have another bounce back of the virus, we need to be in a position where we've got a little bit more flexibility. And so what we're looking for there are appropriate investments to give us that flexibility without necessarily putting substantial infrastructure in that we may or may not need over time. And we're going to kind of think of that as more of a pay-as-you-go model, right? So we're kind of investing as we move forward to try to meet those needs. As it relates to other initiatives or growth opportunities, I think we are trying to jump forward as quickly as possible. As you think about, again, our strategy, in essence, what we've seen in this crisis is not a need for us to shift strategy, it's just pushed us forward. And if you think about all the things we've done as a company, whether it's focusing the company by really locking down into one geography and two divisions, and returning focus to our core businesses, where we believe that there was relevance and that we could build and expand the user base of these businesses like soup, pasta sauces and Pace on the Mexican side. What this has essentially done is pushed us down that path faster. So we need to be also as nimble as possible, and this is a little bit back to Ken's question on how are you balancing the investments in the fourth quarter. We are trying to move some of those initiatives forward and move as quickly as we can to make sure that we've got all of the further quality improvements done, that we're ramping up some of the new packaging formats, that we're doing the things that we had planned. We're just doing it at a quicker pace as we're a little bit or significantly further down the road than we might have expected at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English : Hey, good morning, folks. And Rebecca, welcome to your first call. You really timed your entrance well. Congrats on a good quarter. So a couple of quick questions for you. First, and all kind of building off of the topics you've already touched on, you -- Mark, you mentioned a few times the need to replenish some inventory out there. If we assume that maybe there's like a week of inventory catch-up, that's pretty much going to get you to the midpoint of your organic sales guide for the fourth quarter. And clearly, we've seen a lot of residual consumption strength so far in May, and you're talking -- you're giving us plenty of reasons to believe that some of that's going to stick as we move forward. So I guess question one is, why shouldn't the fourth quarter in terms of organic sales strength in context of potential inventory catch-up look a lot like the third quarter? What are some of the assumptions underpinning your outlook there?
Mark Clouse : Yes. Jason, so the most significant one is just the pace at which we imagine and see that recovery occurring. Now in all fairness, I think what we're seeing or what we expect to occur is one of two things, right? Either demand through the summer remains at a substantially escalated level and if that happens, we are going to be chasing a bit that inventory through the balance of the fourth quarter and probably really into the first quarter of next year. If that demand slows or moderates in the summer, then we will take advantage of that window to replenish inventory as you described. I don't think both -- we'll -- I don't think we can support both at the same time, if that makes sense. So I think we kind of see the calibration of this a little bit on understanding where the capacity in the supply chain sits. And I do think we will certainly make up ground as we go because I also do think there will be some relative slowdown in demand as we go into the heart of the summer on certain categories, albeit I would still see it elevated versus where we would have been, say, a year ago. But I think it's going to be the combination of those two things together that is what we're trying to calibrate to the assumptions. And of course, at the same time, we continue to work and are seeing improvements all the time in our capacity and output. And again, a little bit of this is just trying to be pragmatic or thoughtful about how we set expectations as we have confirmed there are no certain things. Does that make sense?
Jason English : Okay. It kind of does. But I guess I'm just looking at monthly consumption now comparing it to peak consumption during the key season. And while you're up big year-on-year, you're not as big as you are monthly in key seasons. So I guess I had an impression that your capacity would be able to keep up with the type of demand that we're now seeing. It sounds like that's the wrong impression. And I don't want to earn that as my follow-up question. My follow-up question is related to costs because -- and Mick, this is probably a question better suited for you. There is some concern that given the strength that you're delivering this year, that you may not be able to deliver earnings -- the earnings are going to have to reset from this elevated level next year. However, there's clearly a lot of expenses that are rolling through your P&L right now. If you stack up the mark-to-market, stack up the COVID-related charge in COGS, stack up the elevated corporate, I get the $60 million of one-time expenses really quick or non-recurring expenses really quick just this quarter. Is that sort of the right math? Is that what we should expect in the fourth quarter? And is it reasonable to believe that most of that is likely to fall away into next year?
Mick Beekhuizen : Yes. So I don't really want to go into kind of what next year is going to look like. But if I kind of come back to Q3, which is a good question and kind of feeling that back, you're right, we obviously have the impact of the mark-to-market, right, which we also highlighted in the prepared remarks in the gross margin and the impact that it had there, give or take about 100 basis points of the 300 basis points of inflation and other. And then the other piece, which obviously, a big chunk of it, is within our cost of goods. And as I mentioned, with regard to the gross margin, the COVID-19 incremental costs are, obviously, captured there. But they're also capturing other parts of the P&L. I'd say if you look at the third quarter, that comes in -- from a total dollars perspective, just purely kind of incremental COVID-19 expenses, you get to about mid-20. So about $25 million. Obviously, that was only for -- it only impacted Q3 for about half the quarter. So maybe that gives you a little bit of incremental perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe : Hi. I had a question for you, if I could, first, on e-commerce. We've seen a significant development there of that channel. And I just wanted to understand how you think you're keeping pace relative to the category development in e-commerce? And then how your margins are performing in that business. That's an area you've invested in over the last several years. Are your margins up near where they are in a product sold through the store, for example?
Mark Clouse : Yes. Well, let me start by saying, as we know, what I would call more online shopping, order, delivery to click-and-collect, there's quite a bit of difference between the -- between those various channels. I would tell you, on the click-and-collect side, I think we have done a fairly good job of keeping pace in working directly with our retail partners. And as you can imagine, one of the challenges that is easier to manage on click-and-collect is inventory and assortment. I think on the more direct e-commerce side, we have, I think, done equitably in those channels to similar companies and businesses, but I think there is opportunity there. I think there's opportunity as we think about how we manage the route to market there, how we make sure that our in-stock levels improve, clearly that being a challenge more universally in the last quarter. But I think even before that, really getting the formula right for our e-commerce customers is extremely important. And then as you think about our business, where our businesses tend to be a bit more stable, we do well. I think when you're talking about impulse purchases, that's an area where we really are trying to work hard to learn a bit about how do you create that impulse environment in an online world. And that is not as simple as just being available or being at the top of the page. You've got to create a little bit more of a unique dynamic. So one of the other areas that we're investing in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, is really out there trying to test and learn in that space because we do expect that as consumers become more comfortable utilizing these tools -- and this is also inclusive of areas like Instacart, where you've got a third-party essentially as the intermediary between traditional retail and the consumer, but a lot of engagement with the interface on how consumers are ordering or shopping. So there's a lot of places where right now we want to be experimenting a bit more to try to understand some of these dynamics to make us more effective. And I think the great news is there are a lot of resources in the universe, whether it is our traditional retailers working online or more dedicated companies in that space, there is a real openness and willingness to partner. And I think that's always been something that's been a bit more challenging is to access data, but we're finding it to be a more open dialogue and partnership, and that's really going to help us figure it out. As it relates to margins, the question, I think, is there is no doubt that no matter how efficient it may be, the cost structure in supporting some of these models is -- is creating areas where we have to try to figure out how to mitigate that. So whether it is the fee you pay a third-party shopper, whether it is the additional labor that a traditional retailer has, or whether it's just the infrastructure cost of managing a supply chain that may not be organic to the company that's doing it, I think we have to work together to try to figure out what that looks like. And it may be more limited assortment. It may be different pack sizes. It may be a variety of different ways that we want to look at working together. But we do recognize that that is a reality that's coming and we need to figure out how to do that so it's not a material drain. Now we've looked at the kind of immediate projections. And although I would say I do expect it to be a bit of a headwind, I don't see it as a significant barrier to us continuing to progress on our financial commitments.
Chris Growe : Okay. Thank you for all that color. Just a quick one for you, if I could. You talked about some market share losses in soup. I think a lot of that related to inventory and product availability. And then you also mentioned in Goldfish, for example, as well. Is that just competitors were able to get more product on the shelf? Have you lost some of these consumers to other categories as they shift around from meals or snacks? I'm just curious there from a high level.
Mark Clouse : Yes. It's a really good question, and it's a little bit of a different situation. So if you look at soup, for example, no one wants to see share declines ever, and certainly, we've made a lot of progress this year on that front coming into the third quarter. I do think there are two areas that you're seeing that are impacting that number. The first is that there is no question that supply has been a challenge, and that's been more of a share pressure of late than it was necessarily throughout the whole quarter. And again, when you think about a world of a contained set of supply on the shelf, when we are not able to fully meet demand, it does open the door to other businesses or other brands that may be left on the shelf or available that has filled in a little bit. And if you watch our cycle, as I said, coming out of that unprecedented push in the beginning, where we did pretty well and held up well, we've certainly seen that weighing. Now the good news is, I think, in more recent, we're beginning to see that cycle back. And I think over time, we're going to we're going to get back to a better place. The other thing that's happened within soup is there's been a greater migration into the ready-to-serve segment of soup, which actually has more competition. So just as a perspective, on the condensed side, we have an 85% share. On the ready-to-serve side, we have a 44% share. So just inherently, as a larger percentage of consumers are spread out in that ready-to-serve area, it's impacted our overall share. What I am encouraged by is in the third quarter, our chunky business was actually up on share within ready-to-serve, which of course is our focus while the kind of all other area of ready-to-serve was down about 0.7 of a share point. So I think where we want to be focused, that looked a little better, but there's no -- that dynamic is occurring. And then I think the third area on share within soup that's important to continue to mention, I think even coming out of Q2, the one area we talked about is we've got more work to do on differentiating our broth business, and that's the other area where you would have seen some share erosion in that segment especially to a private label, where, again, I think we've got to continue to work harder on establishing what the points of difference really are for Swanson. Although I did feel great about the resurgence of Pacific. And we know that's a big part of that equation is getting the supply back up on Pacific where we've done quite well. And there, you see pretty significant movement in share. On the Goldfish side, it is more of a circumstance where we came into the virus, not necessarily on a high level of inventory. And with that initial demand, it's been very dramatic. And aggravating it a bit more has been the shift where we normally have a better balance between portion packs that are more on the go and larger bulk sizes that are used more in home. And as you might imagine, in this environment, the demand has really shifted to the bulk side. So we've made that pivot, and we're addressing it, but not necessarily at the rate that we've seen. And then once that supply challenge was in place on Goldfish, it did require us to do some reductions in promotions collaboratively with customers, which put some further pressure on the business. I'm not concerned long term because really, the share loss you're seeing on Goldfish is to other crackers that are really not substitutes for Goldfish. It's just we share Goldfish against the broader cracker category. I think our ability to recover that and continue to move Goldfish forward, I feel good about. We've just got to catch up. And I think, again, we will do that over the course of the fourth quarter. You'll even start to see some promotional activity coming back in June. And I think by the time we're through the summer, we're going to be in good shape.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow : And Mark and Rebecca, I really like this new format. Thank you for making the change. I have -- in your prepared remarks, Mark, you were -- I thought what was very positive is when you said that soup is going to be a much more relevant category going into this fall than normal. Could you talk a little bit about how your retailers are viewing it? And maybe you can just get back to, I guess, the inherent tension of coming to the retailer with advice to have reduced variety, I guess, rationalize some of the SKUs, but also -- also indicated that it will be a stronger demand season than normal. Are retailers concerned that they lose a sale if you reduce the variety? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Mark Clouse : Yes. Honestly, it is truly a collaboration in discussion. And part of this is, I think everybody is certainly reacting a little bit to the here and now, and wanting to make sure that as we go into the next soup season, that we're able to do our best job in supplying demand. And so what we've also said though is, and there's no doubt that some of the SKU rat that we did, although it accomplished the goal of increasing perhaps capacity in the short term, it is not the right answer longer term with what consumers are looking for, especially if you imagine these households working through the variety needs of what cooking looks like and the desire to have greater numbers of options in place. So it really is a balancing act. I, by no means, expect us not to come back with a fair number of the SKUs that we have that we rationalized in the short term that we think have long-term merits. And I think the customers with us are working to try to figure out what that balance is, and part of it is us being able to provide some confidence and conviction to them on what our ability it is to supply during a greater -- what we anticipate to be a greater demand season. So I think, Rob, again, where I view this being most effective is if we get the facings and the shelf inventory right for the SKUs that are really going to be in high demand, and we know that and then the appropriate level of assortment to give the variety that consumers are looking for. And perhaps that may not just mean us giving up some space, but it may be that there's not as much need for some of the redundancy that may be on the shelf. And so in the end, we want to be able to get that balance right. So, I think it's going to be a little bit of a give and take there. But I think so far, it's a pretty, I guess, consensus perspective between retailers and kind of what we're thinking.
Robert Moskow : Okay. Thanks. My follow-up is, if you do the math between the retail consumption growth that you had in the Nielsen data versus your shipments, it comes down to about $250 million or 3% for the year. Are you quantifying it the same way the inventory burn that occurred? And if so, are you assuming that it spills up gradually in terms of your shipments in the next few quarters? It's a big number.
Mark Clouse : Yes. Well, I think, sadly, part of that number is relative to some of the share declines we've seen where our lack of availability enabled other brands or businesses perhaps to consume some of that demand that was there over time. But our inventory levels -- and remember, this is -- to a certain degree, it's kind of a continued pressure to refill inventory. So I don't think mathematically, I would say it's quite that big. But I do think certainly in the quarter, we were about 10 points lower than what -- from a comparison to consumption and shipments. And I think there is a good chunk of that that will be inventory. But the way I would approach it, Rob, is kind of thinking about, okay, most of the retail universe is going to be looking for anywhere from two to four weeks of supply, and that's probably the way mathematically we're more thinking about what that number ultimately is. And then to answer kind of the second part of the question, I think it comes a little bit back to what we were talking about before with Jason on, okay, where does demand remain versus what our full capacity is on how long does it take us to get back to kind of fully loaded and in place. And so I think that -- my sense is that we will see great progress in Q4 but we may -- it may take us a little bit of time in some categories to get all the way back to bright in Q1.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our final question from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery : When you talk about the trends that you're seeing in consumer and retail, you characterize that, I think, as in the immediate future. Just curious if you could give a little sense of what kind of time horizon you see and maybe specifically just getting at some early thoughts on the second half of calendar '20 and into fiscal '21, obviously, not fiscal '21 guidance, but just some sense of how you're thinking about it and what shapes you're planning there.
Mark Clouse : Yes. I think, Michael, I tend to qualify it as immediate because I do think there's still a lot left to prove, although very encouraging to see the stickiness, if you will, of the household penetration and the repeat. I think we need to kind of get into that third cycle that I described to really understand kind of where we'll be ongoing. Now I do think, though, it's safe to say that we would certainly expect as we kind of go into next winter, and as we watch the behaviors, we do think those behaviors will continue to be highly relevant. And there's a series, I think, of indicators that we're watching closely to try to get a sense of how much of this really is sustainable beyond kind of the next six to 12 months. But I do think that there are going to be some lasting impacts out of this. And I think a lot of it will depend, too, on our ability to really convert on these windows of opportunity to establish that relevancy in a sustainable way. And I think that has a lot to do with our ability to drive that usage and relevancy while also bringing the right innovation to continue to build out that category and try to really, truly return it back to a position of playing a relevant role in a variety of different consumers' lives.
Michael Lavery : And just a little bit related, can you touch on some of your thinking on seasonality? We've obviously normally seen that in soup, in particular. And this year, it's -- we've all been locked in during some of the best weather possible, and yet, soup certainly has surged. And part of what I'm curious is if that continues in this summer on a smaller base, should we be mindful of a potentially bigger uptick, obviously, again, depending on your capacity and those constraints. But has seasonality changed? How do we think about that?
Mark Clouse : Well, I think there's two things that we've said all along. We thought could be a little bit of an expansion of the seasonality of soup, and that was the movement into a bigger role within cooking, which, of course, does change through the summer months. But that need, that ingredient demand and that role we could play, we always felt like there was a bigger opportunity there that might expand deeper into the year than just what we would consider the traditional soup season. I think the other area that we've experienced a lot of growth in behavior is the role that soup can play in lunches. And I do think the ability for that to be a little less seasonal as possible. And so although I do expect the demand to dampen a bit in the summer, I do think it will remain in an elevated level. And so I think those are all areas of opportunity that we're going to continue to work on to try to solidify those behaviors. And I think if we're effective at doing that, we do have the potential to expand the season. But again, these are all things right now, that we're still kind of in those early moments and trying to learn from. And I guess, just going back to the -- your starting point, that is why I've tended to categorize it as immediate. But we'll continue to provide those mile markers as we go to try to help everybody understand how we see this going forward, and I certainly would expect as we see you for the end of the fiscal year and we start talking about '21, we'll have a more robust perspective on that as we look forward.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-03-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell's second quarter 2020 earnings call. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who will participate in a listen-only mode. Turning to slide 3. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.  Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. On slide 4, you can see what we plan to cover today. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO, and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter and then Mick will walk through the financial details and our updated guidance for fiscal 2020. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us on the call. I guess, last quarter, I was a bit premature in saying goodbye to Ken. Looks like he'll be with us one more time. Seriously, though, thank you, Ken, for your contributions to the company and for bridging us to your replacement.  As you may have seen, we announced that Rebecca Gardy will be joining Campbell as VP of Investor Relations on March 30. Rebecca and Ken will work together to ensure we have a smooth transition.  Our results in the quarter were again in line or above our expectations. And we continued to successfully execute our plans to stabilize the company by investing in the business, optimizing our portfolio, efficiently implementing our operating model, and successful de leveraging of our balance sheet. In fact, in the quarter, we used the net proceeds from the divestitures, along with positive cash flows, to reduce our net debt to 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA.  Overall, I am encouraged by our progress and how we are building a track record of improved execution. But I also recognize that we have more to do to deliver sustainable growth and performance across both of our businesses.  Turning to slide 6. This quarter, we delivered growth across all key metrics, including organic sales, adjusted gross margin, EBIT and earnings.  Looking at our specific results for Q2, organic net sales increased 1%, reflecting continued strength in snacks where organic net sales increased 2%, and improved performance in meals and beverages where organic net sales were comparable to a year ago. Importantly, soup performance improved meaningfully from the first quarter as solid holiday results, along with some timing from Thanksgiving resulted in about a 1% growth rate for Q2. Our end market performance maintained its momentum from the first quarter, with solid results across both divisions. In measured channels, our total company end market consumption increased 1% in the quarter, consistent with our first quarter performance. This included a headwind from a year ago shift in timing of snap payments at the end of January.  In addition, our brands grew or held share in categories representing approximately 80% of our total business and in 10 of our 13 stated priority categories. This includes share gains in US soup for the second consecutive quarter, reflecting sustained progress of our Win in Soup plan.  We also continued to deliver against other key elements of our strategic plan, including 150 basis point adjusted gross margin expansion, supported by productivity improvements and cost savings. We racked up cost savings of another $45 million in the quarter, inclusive of our multi-year enterprise program and the synergies from our snacks integration.  Adjusted EBIT performance came in stronger than expected, despite a significant increase in marketing spending, as gross margin gains more than offset these planned investments.  This, along with our lower adjusted interest expenses, resulted in another quarter of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. As you saw this morning, we raised adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The improved outlook is being driven by lower adjusted interest expense following our successful deleveraging in the quarter and adjusted EBIT momentum through the first half, which was better than we anticipated. We expect these benefits to be partially mitigated as we plan to increase some strategic investments in the business to drive continued momentum in the back half of the year. We'll start our segment discussion with Meals & Beverages on slide 7. I'm pleased with the progress we're making in the division and the sequential improvement in sales performance.  In the second quarter, net sales were comparable to the prior year. This performance reflected the impact of improved retailer relationships, investments in our core brands and overall stepped-up execution on the business.  While we're certainly not all the way to bright, the business is responding favorably to the actions we have taken to optimize the portfolio and our increased investments to improve the quality of our food and building equity in our brands.  In fact, in Q2, we increased our level of marketing investment versus prior year with A&C up 20%. The majority of this spending was targeted against the soup portfolio where consumer response has been very encouraging.  Let's go a little deeper now on soup on slide 8. After a little over a year enrolled, I continue to believe in the potential of the category and I'm even more confident in our brand's ability to lead.  As expected, our net sales profile improved in the quarter, with sales of our US retail soup portfolio up 1% behind strong performance in condensed and broth, including Pacific, which was partly offset by planned declines in ready to serve and the continued headwind from TDP declines. Helping this number was also the shift of some Thanksgiving shipments.  Our net sales slightly outpaced our end market results, which were comparable to prior year. Underlying that end market result, we continue to see strong indicators on several measures related to the improving health of our soup brands and much better execution in the key holiday period.  For instance, we grew share for the second consecutive quarter, with gains in condensed and broth. Another important metric that we are particularly excited about is household penetration, which increased versus the prior year, driven by our condensed portfolio.  Not only are we attracting new households, we are attracting younger households, which bodes well for the future. In particular, on tomato soup, a good percentage of the gains came from millennial households. Frankly, this is a trend that many believed was not possible.  Of course, there were puts and takes across the portfolio and not everything worked perfectly. So, let's break it down. Starting with condensed, you can see our enthusiasm for our return on investment, especially with our icon SKUs, tomato, chicken noodle, cream of mushroom and cream of chicken where we continued the turnaround.  Consumers responded favorably to our messaging and quality improvements. As a result, we saw improved lifts in the business across both eating and cooking varieties. Given the importance of the business, this was a key pillar in our strategy and was the single biggest priority going into the season.  Although we did benefit from some competitive supply challenges in the marketplace, we also were lapping some benefits from winter storms and the previously mentioned snap timing from a year ago. The net of this is that, overall, we are very encouraged by our progress on this very important part of our soup business.  Next, we were very encouraged that the Pacific food soup portfolio returned to growth in this past quarter. We regained distribution with key customers, which contributed to the strong sales growth in the quarter. We see an opportunity to further grow Pacific food soup portfolio as we continue to further integrate the business, increase capacity and step up our equity building and innovation efforts around this highly relevant brand.  Next, while the Swanson broth business had a solid performance in the quarter, share was just marginally better, reflecting the continued need to sharpen our plans to ensure price gaps and quality differentiation are in place. We have good learnings coming out of the holiday and we'll be making further refinements as we go into Easter.  Finally, our ready-to-serve portfolio mitigated much of the other segments' growth, as planned. We expected ready-to-serve to decline this quarter as our plans called for reductions in the depth of our trade events around chunky and the continued impact of the distribution losses in the segment.  While we maintain support and have seen more recent trends improve, these actions negatively impacted volume and share in the quarter. While painful, this was the right decision for the long-term health of the brand. I anticipate that, in fiscal 2021, we'll get back to playing full offense on all of our RTS brands based on the steps we've taken this year to fix the foundation. Not just on RTS, but an overall headwind continued to be driven by the pressure on distribution. I stated last quarter, about 20% of our TDP declines have been regrettable. The team has been making great progress in two areas to help address this. One, making the case for recovering lost core SKUs as the retailers reset their shelf later this year. And two, protecting overall shelf space by adding phasings of our core SKUs. This is helping as you see the TDP decline is moderating and shelf space has been improving.  Finally, as previously discussed, we made proactive decisions to optimize certain lower profit food service volume. The balance of the remaining food service soup business posted a solid gain in the quarter, led by restaurants and hospitals, with sales up 10%.  As we cycle these decisions and think about the future, we'll be in a much better position to see food service contributing positively to our overall win in soup plans.  In summary, as we head out of the heart of the soup season, we feel good about our progress and the fundamentals of the business. We showed marked improvement and executed well in what was the most important quarter for soup.  We also continued to create confidence in the category with our important retail partners. I know you've heard me say this before, but it does bear repeating. The change on soup won't happen overnight. Steady, sustainable improvement is the name of the game.  In other parts of the division, on slide 10, we continued to see strong growth from our Prego pasta sauce brand. It grew share again and maintained its number one position in the category for a third straight quarter. This is really strong performance in a very relevant and healthy category.  Turning to V8, the shelf stable juice category remain challenged. For us, it's really a tale of two cities, with the main bright spots being our V8 +Energy and our multipack single serve business, which continued to be offset by the declines in the splash and fusion varieties.  This is consistent with our strategy of actively reshaping the portfolio around the plant-based positioning of V8 Red, the V8+ product platform and single serve. It will take time, but as the portfolio changes occur, we will be much better positioned for the future.  Let's next look at our Snack segment on slide 11. This was another very good quarter for the business with organic net sales increasing 2% and operating profit up 3%. I'm pleased to see sustained momentum behind our proven growth model.  The sales growth is partly offset by the 1% headwind from partner brands, which we spoke about earlier in the year and will continue throughout fiscal 2020.  Once again, eight of our nine power snack brands grew or held share in the quarter. In fact, these brands grew 4% for the quarter, demonstrating their continued strength and differentiation in the market.  Let's dig a bit deeper to see what's behind the healthy growth of these brands. First, our marketing investment in the power brands continued to be strong. We maintained an increased marketing investment with A&C up 20% versus prior year. And these investments continued to pay off. The power brands grew at 3 times versus the rest of the portfolio.  Additionally, it's resulting in increased household penetration for seven of the nine brands, another indicator of sustained growth.  The Pepperidge Farm portfolio specifically delivered its 21st consecutive quarter of organic growth. Goldfish performed well with increases on the core.  We're coming up now on the three-year anniversary of the launch of our newest snacks brand, Farmhouse. This brand continues its growth trend with strong performance in bread and cookies.  However, overall, our fresh bakery business did decline in the quarter after a fairly strong stretch of great performance. We experienced some softness in certain segments, particularly in breakfast and healthier grain based bread. We know where and what is driving the softness, and we have plans in place to help improve trends, but expect to deal with headwinds in this business for the balance of the year.  Marketplace performance was also strong on our other Snacks brands, where we drove double-digit gains on Late July, with Cape Cod, Kettle and Lance continuing to respond positively to our increased marketing investments, leading to both consumption and share growth.  With respect to our snacks innovation, I'm pleased with the early progress we are seeing on our new products and look forward to sharing more details in the quarters ahead.  Let's finish our discussion of Snacks with a review of our progress against integration and value capture on slide 13. The headline here is that we are very much on plan. I continue to be pleased with the consistent progress of the integration.  Much like in Q1, we delivered synergies in procurement around packaging, continued to realize savings from last year's consolidation of sales headquarters and related operations, and benefits from increased operational efficiency and manufacturing through the build-out of new mixing centers.  We also recently have taken actions to improve the effectiveness of the Snacks organization by simplifying and streamlining our operations. Looking ahead, we expect these recent actions, along with other initiatives around manufacturing and logistics, to begin to deliver savings in Q3. As you may have seen, we appointed Valerie Oswalt as the new president of the Snacks division on Monday. I am confident that Val is the right leader and a strong cultural fit for our Snacks business due to her two decades of experience in snacks and her track record of leading people and delivering results. She brings a diverse background of cross-functional expertise and experience across large organizations, such as Kraft Foods and Mondelez, and also entrepreneurial startups. I've had the pleasure of working with Val for many years and could not be more excited to have her join the team and accelerate the growth of this business.  With that, let me turn the call over to Mick for a deeper dive on our financial results and segment performance. 
Mick Beekhuizen : Thanks, Mark. Before reviewing our results, I want to give you my perspective on the quarter and outlook for the balance of the year.  As Mark stated, organic net sales, which excludes the negative impact from the divestiture of the European chips business, increased 1% from the prior year and were in line with our expectations.  Net sales for Meals & Beverages were flat for the quarter, which is an improved trend from Q1 as we continued to invest. In Snacks, we continued to focus on the integration of Snyder's Lance, while we delivered top line organic growth of 2%, driven by gains across all nine of our power brands.  We are pleased with improving trends of our adjusted gross margin as we benefited primarily from productivity improvements, cost savings, and favorable product mix, partially offset by moderating cost inflation with net price realization essentially neutral as the benefit of pricing actions was offset by trade investments.  We continue to make strong progress against our cost savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022, delivering $45 million of incremental savings in the second quarter, bringing the program-to-date total for continuing operations to $650 million.  Taking into account the top line growth, gross margin improvement and delivery on our cost savings programs, combined with continued investment in our brands, our adjusted EBIT increased year-over-year by 4% in the quarter.  During the second quarter, we completed our divestiture plans as we closed on the divestiture of the remaining portion of Campbell International in December. Proceeds from the divestitures, along with positive cash flow from the business, have enabled us to reduce net debt levels from continuing operations by approximately $3.3 billion over the past 12 months.  Lastly, we are updating our fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance based on favorable adjusted net interest expense, largely driven by the successful debt reduction and slightly better than expected year-to-date adjusted EBIT, partially offset by some incremental investment opportunities in the second half of the year, consistent with our overall strategy. Our underlying outlook for reported and organic net sales, as well as adjusted EBIT, remains unchanged.  Overall, we had a solid quarter and are currently on track to achieve our fiscal year goals.  I'll now review our results in more detail. For the second quarter, reported net sales were flat, while organic net sales increased 1% to approximately $2.2 billion, driven by gains in Snacks. Adjusted EBIT increased 4% to $364 million as improved gross margin performance was offset partially by increased marketing investments.  Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 11% or $0.07 to $0.72 per share, due primarily to our lower adjusted net interest expense and adjusted EBIT performance. For the half, reported net sales declined 1%, while organic net sales were comparable to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT increased 5% to $756 million, reflecting benefits of cost saving initiatives, supply chain productivity improvements and favorable product mix, offset partially by cost inflation and increased marketing investment. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 11% or $0.15 to $1.51 per share, due primarily to our adjusted EBIT performance and lower adjusted net interest expense.  Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales were up 1%. Overall volumes increased, driven by Snacks, with gains across much of the portfolio, driving a 1 point benefit.  Sales also benefited by 1 point from pricing actions, primarily within Meals & Beverages, although this benefit was mostly offset by promotional spending investments also within Meals & Beverages. The impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. As we have refocused our portfolio on North America, we would continue to expect currency translation impacts to be minimal.  The divestiture of the European chips business negatively impacted net sales by almost a point-and-a-half in the corner and rounding to 1 point on this bridge.  All-in, our reported net sales were comparable to the prior year.  Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 150 basis points in the quarter to 34.4%. Product mix improved our adjusted gross margin performance by 70 basis points, driven primarily by the Snacks portfolio, which is benefiting from strong performance of our power brands, as well as the favorable impact from sale of the European chips business and the impact from the prioritization of select partner brands.  Net pricing led to a 10 basis points increase in adjusted gross margin as the benefit from list pricing action from a year ago, primarily in Meals & Beverages, slightly outpaced an increase in promotional spending. We will start to lap the benefit of these pricing actions as we move into our third quarter. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 160 basis points on a rate basis points. On a rate basis, overall input prices increased by approximately 2%. This was mostly offset by our ongoing supply chain productivity program, which contributed 140 basis points. This program includes, among others, initiatives around logistics optimization, ingredient sourcing and plant asset utilization.  And our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 90 basis points to our gross margin expansion. This program includes the benefits of various initiatives such as the integration of Snyder's Lance, simplifying and streamlining our organization, and last year's closure of our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario.  All in, our adjusted gross margin percentage for the quarter was 34.4%. We are pleased with these gross margin results as we continued to achieve improvement in performance.  Moving on to other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 7% in the quarter to $235 million. This increase was driven primarily by our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion expenses, which is up 17% versus a year ago, and largely driven by support of our Meals & Beverages business.  Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 1% to $135 million, primarily reflecting the benefits of cost saving initiatives.  Going to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, inclusive of Snyder's Lance synergies. To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $650 million. We expect incremental cost savings of approximately $150 million for the full year and continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022.  For additional perspective on our performance, the next chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.07 from $0.65 in the prior year to $0.72 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.04 impact on EPS.  Adjusted net interest expense declined year-over-year by $20 million, delivering a $0.05 positive impact to EPS as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. Our adjusted effective tax rate of 24.9% was slightly higher than the prior year rate of 24%, leading to a $0.01 negative impact to EPS.  And lastly, our higher diluted share count also had a negative $0.01 impact to EPS, completing the bridge to $0.72 per share.  Now turning to our segment results. In Meals & Beverages, organic net sales remained flat at $1.2 billion, reflecting gains in Prego pasta sauces and US soups, partially offset by declines in beverages.  Net sales of US soups increased 1% compared to the prior year, with gains in condensed soups and broth, offset partially by declines in ready-to-serve soup. Segment operating earnings declined 4% to $242 million. The decline was driven primarily by increased marketing investments and reinvestment back into capabilities, offset partially by improved gross margin performance.  In Snacks, organic net sales increased 2% to just under $1 billion, driven primarily by gains in Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies, as well as gains in Kettle brand and Cape Cod potato chips, offset partially by declines in fresh bakery products and the partner brands within the Snyder's Lance portfolio as we continue our planned prioritization of select partners to reduce complexity and improve execution. Segment operating earnings increased 3% to $136 million. The increase was primarily due to improved gross margin performance, offset partially by increased marketing investments.  Cash flow from operations through the first half of fiscal 2020 decreased year-over-year by $183 million to $663 million, primarily driven by changes in accrued liabilities, principally due to higher incentive compensation from fiscal 2019 performance payouts, while lapping lower payouts in the prior year from fiscal 2018 and accrued interest.  Additionally, last year's cash flow benefitted from significant working capital improvements. And while cash flow for the year will benefit from these efforts again, we expect the impact to be at a lower level of improvement than what we achieved in fiscal 2019.  Cash from investing activities increased by $2.6 billion to $2.4 billion, driven by net proceeds from our divested businesses. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $167 million, $31 million lower than the prior year. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $350 million for fiscal 2020. Cash outflows for financing activities were $3.2 billion compared to $663 million a year ago. The year-over-year incremental cash outflow reflects the use of divestiture proceeds to pay down debt levels.  Dividends paid in the amount of $230 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. As stated, we continue to make progress to de-lever our balance sheet. As expected, net debt of $5.8 billion declined by approximately $3.3 billion compared to the prior year as proceeds from the completed divestitures, along with positive cash flow generated by the business, were used to reduce our debt.  Our leverage ratio, which represents net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, is now at 3.5 times. Now, I'll review our updated guidance for continuing operations for 2020. We continue to expect reported and organic net sales of minus 1% to plus 1% and adjusted EBIT of plus 2% to plus 4%.  We are, however, updating our adjusted EPS guidance for our revised outlook for adjusted net interest expense, which is now estimated to be approximately $270 million. As a result, we expect adjusted EPS of plus 11% to plus 13% or $2.55 to $2.60 per share.  And as a reminder, fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year, resulting in an additional week, which we believe to have about a 2 percentage point impact across net sales, adjusted EBIT and EPS. And for clarity, our outlook for organic sales excludes the negative 2 point impact from the sale of the European chips business, as well as a 2 point contribution from the 53rd week.  So, for those doing the math, excluding the benefits of the 53rd week, we are expecting lower year-over-year adjusted EBIT levels in the second half compared to the first half of our fiscal year, as we lap the pricing benefits from Meals & Beverages, the benefit of cost savings moderates, and we continue to make significant investments back into the business through the balance of the year.  And while we don't provide quarterly guidance, the third quarter will be the most difficult comparison as we will lap the pricing benefit, while still making incremental promotional investments, which we won't lap until the fourth quarter.  Overall, I'm pleased with our results this quarter and will now turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Clouse : Thanks, Mick. Before opening up the call for questions, I wanted to review our progress against the milestones we outlined at our Investor Day. As you know, I believe a candid conversation about this is critical for investors to track our progress.  So, how did we do in the second quarter? I continue to feel very good about our progress against these key metrics. While we improved on top line, we have more work to do to make this truly sustainable. But, clearly, seeing key elements of our business improving is encouraging and I would say a step forward from Q1. We are slightly ahead of schedule on margins and EBIT, which is very positive as it's creating some flexibility to make sure we optimize the investments we need. Our cost savings programs are tracking to plan and we improved our balance sheet in the quarter by significantly reducing debt with the proceeds from the divestitures, resulting in debt levels at 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA.  I'm also excited about our progress around building a winning team and culture, especially as it pertains to our new team members, increased focus, execution and accountability of our teams.  The overall business is essentially on track with growing positive indicators of the full potential of this portfolio and clear areas where continued focus is still needed.  With that, let's take some questions. 
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Mark. We'll be happy to take questions. Crystal, let's open the lines and take our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. And all the best going forward, Ken. 
Ken Gosnell: Thank you.
Andrew Lazar: Sure. Mark, now that most of the soup season is behind the company, I'd love to get a better perspective maybe on what some of the key learnings you may have garnered that help inform Campbell's direction going forward, I guess, particularly given next soup season is one in which you expect Campbell to take a more substantial leap in terms of reframing the soup category and launching some of the more impactful, let's say, platform innovation.  And while it's early, just as a separate one, I want to get a sense of – have you seen any evidence of pantry loading thus far in soup? But really, the more important part of this and why I ask it is, whether you have any research or evidence that shows when product gets back into households that may have moved away from it that there is some stickiness to that and it can ultimately maybe bring new households back into the category, sort of like – more like a trial – a trial sort of process. Thank you. 
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great. Yeah. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I think a lot of lessons in the season. And having it be my first time through the soup season, I think the general overarching theme or perspective is that – I would say, positive encouragement that when we do support the businesses, whether that is with marketing and advertising, or perhaps even in this year, more importantly, our relationships with our key retailers, that we can move the needle on the business. And I think what's probably most encouraging to me is the focus that we had on the condensed segment. As you know, it's a significant part of our soup business. It also happens to be a highly profitable portion of our soup business. And probably, I would say, arguably the one that perhaps most folks had questions about our ability to drive improvement. And for the quarter to see consumption up 2.5% and up almost a share point as we spent behind advertising, quality improvements, we saw increases in display in the marketplace.  And all of that resulted not just in the growth, but also perhaps the most important aspect, which is – to your second question, which was that our household penetration went up. And you think about that as kind of the gift that keeps on giving as we expand the base of consumers and build the relevance of our category and bring new households in, that bodes quite well for us, in seeing that translate to more sustainable growth than just promoting perhaps into a period where you might have people more apt to pantry load on a good deal or a good program or even a reminder.  I think even more important than that is that we're starting to see the dynamic of where those new households are coming from as younger. And I think a lot of us questioned whether the relevancy of condensed could match that demographic. But I think the quality improvements, along with the way in which we're positioning the usage, has been a very positive influence to that. And although it's early – I think you need to see the household penetration over time, I think the positive – both the positive demographic as well as the substantialness of the turnaround in the window bodes very well for us going forward.  I think on the other side, I would say the broth business, which is a really important segment, and one that's been growing, is a tough segment. And I think what we learned a little bit on condensed is that we need to get a little further out in front of our support and we've got to continue to be incredibly sharp on our price gaps until we successfully build enough of the differentiation around the Swanson brand.  I am thrilled, though, that Pacific is back in the game because, as you know, that's a big player in broth. And with the capacity back to full and the distribution coming back, I feel much better about how we will bode in total broth as we go forward. And we're going to try to do a little bit of a fast adapt on learnings as we go into Easter. On the ready-to-serve side, that was not a not a pleasant set of results to live through. But it was what we expected to happen. And I do think we're in a much better position on chunky. And as we go into next year, although that's not the big player during the holidays, it certainly plays around the holidays in a very important way. And I am encouraged that, even if you look at like the latest four weeks, as we've kind of gotten ourselves through a lot of the tough comparables on the merchandising side and the promotion side, we're seeing it return to more stable and actually some growing share in the last four weeks.  So, overall, advertising worked well, especially when paired with quality. Good to have Pacific back in the game. Broth is a battle. Ready-to-serve was tough, but the right things to do.  And I think the great news about all of this is we're building a stronger sense of confidence among our retail partners. And that's helping us make the case to getting not only some of the distribution we lost that we think was regrettable back in, but also setting the stage as we continue to build innovation out as we go forward.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks. And, Ken, from one Kenny G to another, thanks for all your help over the years and best of luck. 
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. 
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask two questions if I can. First, I wanted to get a little more specificity, if we could, on the comments about the strategic reinvestments, Mark. Could you just maybe focus a little bit or focus us a little bit on sort of which areas you might be reinvesting in, what form of those reinvestments might take? So, that's my first question. I can leave it there and follow-up. 
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I can hit that one, then we'll come to the second one. I think there's three places where I see opportunity to continue to invest. The first area is, as you will see and are probably beginning to see, I think we've talked about this dynamic before where the Snacks business arguably is kind of a year ahead as it relates to innovation than our Meals & Beverages business. And so, what you've got happening in the back half of the year is that kind of first wave of concentrated innovation. So, great products like our veggie line on Goldfish, as well as our potato chip launch on Late July.  And so, what I want to make sure we do is adequately support the innovation and perhaps even double down in some areas where we're seeing early success. So, I think the first bucket is really around the Snacks innovation bundles that are launching.  The second is, one of the things that was really interesting for us on soup was that the condensed advertising that we started early this year – so we started about a month or two earlier than we normally do, especially around some of the eating varieties like tomato soup and grilled cheese, which is one of the areas where we saw a very, very positive response. So, I'd like to continue to do some learning on extending the seasonality, right? One of our goals is to try to broaden and extend our soup season by doing things that are a little less anchored specifically on cold weather and able to kind of bring usage through. So, whether it's some of the eating SKUs where we are going to add a little bit of advertising or even some of the recipe elements on condensed that we know that behavior goes beyond just the winter months is an opportunity to evaluate the ROIs and see where kind of those barriers are.  And then, I think also going into Easter, as I mentioned on broth, although I would call it solid performance in the holiday, there were some clear areas of opportunity. And so, I want to make sure that our price points and the promotion calendars are set up well there and we may do a little bit of tactical investment on promotions as we get a little closer to that holiday.  And so, the great news is that the flexibility by getting ahead as it relates to EBIT, stronger gross margin than we had anticipated with a little bit better mix and a little bit faster accumulation of our cost plan as well as a little bit of, I'd call, a dampening of inflation is giving us that flexibility and I think putting us in a really good spot. 
Ken Goldman: That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And then, quickly, you just highlighted at the end of your comments, the third quarter is your most difficult comparison. Can you just elaborate a little bit on the message you're sending with that comment? Are you concerned a little bit that maybe Street EBIT numbers are slightly aggressive? Or was there some other messaging that I didn't pick up on? 
Mick Beekhuizen: Yeah, let me take that. So, when I think about it, we generally obviously don't want to give guidance with regard to individual quarters. However, I thought – as I also said in my prepared remarks, I thought it was important to highlight that we're starting to lap the M&B pricing benefit in the third quarter. And some of the promotional activities that we have continue. And they, we don't start to lap until the fourth quarter. So, as a result, I just wanted to highlight that. 
Mark Clouse: I think the other thing too, Ken, just as you'll note, if you're kind of modeling the balance of the year, as we've said, we're now kind of directing on the cost savings to a little bit of the higher end of the range at $150 million. If you think about the fact that we've got $90 million in the first half, that leaves you about $60 million to go. So, you take the dynamic that Mick just described along with a little bit of a softer contribution, I think what you'll see is a little bit of this kind of ebb through Q3 and into Q4. Again, we feel really good about the underlying fundamentals. There's nothing that's like a looming issue or problem that we're expecting. It really just happens to be the dynamic of the phasing. And I think, again, inclusive of our ability to spend a little bit more into the business, which is great news for us.
Ken Goldman: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hey, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: So, I guess, my question is, just going back to the commentary made about household penetration in soup and millennials. I guess my question is, is there a chance – how much cannibalization maybe has there been? If you've got advertising on condensed with a better product [Technical Difficulty] taking from ready-to-serve? So is it household penetration of condensed that's going up and is it all cannibalizing ready-to-serve, especially since you didn't have the same type of messaging, at least for this season on ready-to-serve? So, I guess, my real question underneath this is, how incremental is the improvements you made in condensed than to the overall soup business or has it really just sort of taken some share from ready-to-serve?
Mark Clouse: Yeah, it's an interesting question. And again, we are watching very closely the dynamics between the different segments as it relates to where is the source of volume coming from. And there's no doubt that there is some interaction between the two, but we act – when we look at our numbers, the ready-to-serve declines are essentially what we expected relative to what we were doing based on the promotional side of the pricing side.  And when you look at who we're adding to the condensed side, these are not primarily the same consumers that would be buying chunky. And so, that's good news. Now, are we sourcing from some other condensed or other ready-to-serve players within the category, I do think there is some dynamic there.  One of the things that has been very important about how we've repositioned condensed is the strong permission as it relates to quality, whether that's adding more fresh cream or no added preservatives on chicken noodle or the six tomatoes in tomato soup, we really feel like that has been a big enabler, like I said, to kind of create permission in. And so, if you think about where we're sourcing from, it's likely coming from what would be perceived as healthier or options that are a little bit more relevant to that area.  So, again, as I think about the portfolio going forward, I still very much like how we set up. I think we've got great brands positioned against particular benefits and occasions as well as consumer cohorts.  So, I'm not worried right now about, are we just moving people from one to the other. But even if we did, given the margin advantage of the condensed business, that's not a terrible trade for us to make. But that's not really what we're seeing right now.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Clouse: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Mark, I had two questions. I know you recently hired a chief marketing officer late last year. So, maybe you could just give us some context, background on why Linda is the right person for the overall CMO job.  And then, the second question is, some of the research we've done at the consumer level would suggest convenience is really resonating. The convenience message is really resonating with consumers. And perhaps that's why they're coming back to the Campbell's franchise. And I just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on – as you kind of reestablish relationships with retailers, as you play on this convenience theme even more, is there an opportunity to broaden the portfolio strategy not just to be in soup, but to kind of get into more of the convenient meals area in terms of more sauces, more toppers, things like that? Any thoughts around that would be useful.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I love the question. The answer, let me start with Linda. As you may have seen – let me just for a second talk broadly about Meals & Beverages. You do see when you look at the Meals & Beverages team now a relatively new set of leaders across our business. And the genesis for that is really a fundamental shift or change in what we're trying to accomplish with Meals & Beverages. We return to a more growth orientation and really are looking at marketing and investment behind the businesses in that division.  So, in fairness, if you're trying to just cut costs and to manage for cash, it's some different skill sets, albeit those who still very important to us. But if we're going to drive growth and innovation, we want to make sure we assemble the team that is best positioned to do that. And so, the combination of a Chris Foley coming from our Pepperidge Farm and Snacks business over to lead the division and then Linda who has a rich history – I've known Linda a long time. Did a great job in the Nabisco franchises, has been out working in some of the more entrepreneurial spaces. That skill set, I think, is a very good combination for us as we look at really upping our game as it relates to marketing and innovation.  And then, complementing that, we have terrific supply chain leader, R&D leader that really helps kind of round out a lot of the team and also a new leader of sales. And I think, what we're trying to do is bring kind of a whole new look and feel to what our Meals & Beverages business is, and I think that team is doing a wonderful job in early days reengaging and connecting with our customers.  I think the convenience message is actually right on. Now, I think the condensed, there's a combination of the fact that convenience is an underlying need for consumers. Now, we've paired it with a little bit better product, healthier proposition which is going very well. But what I didn't talk about, which has been a continued point of success for us, is our convenience offerings. And so, what we absolutely believe is exactly what you're suggesting. And as you see us going into next year and innovation becomes a bigger player, we've got a whole host of new packaging forms, product forums and benefit propositions that will be coming through our convenience platform.  And even where we've started, whether it's the sippable Well Yes! platform or some of our new cup sizes or even as we've tested some new products, like toppers, think of it as kind of yogurt with the toppers that you add in, very similar to soup, so you get that multi-texture experience as a snack or a complement to a meal, are all doing very well. Very positive. And we're gaining, I would say, a lot of victories as we talk about kind of reshaping the shelf for the future.  And so, I think this combination of goodness and convenience coming together is really what is enabling us to kind of – as we said from the very beginning is where soup could really play and where we're seeing the resurgence. And as we complement that with cooking, and I would even describe quick scratch cooking as a bit of a convenience driver as well as it's simple assembly of ingredients to get a meal, and in particular within younger or millennial households, that dynamic underpins a lot of the work that we're doing.  So, absolutely right that that's an underlying help to us. But I think when paired with goodness, that's when we really unlock the potential of the category. And a lot of what we're seeing right now.
Nik Modi: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for slotting me in. I appreciate it.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Two questions. First, a follow on to this soup discussion. And I'm looking at the penetration data now to it. It's definitely encouraging to see the uptick on your condensed penetration. It looks like it's up around 3% or so, the latest 13 weeks. But what's surprising is that it's coming with a 3.5% drop for the category. So, it looks like consumers are still fleeing the category and all of your penetration growth is coming from a swap out of private label. How much of that trade up into your brand do you think is due to the supply disruptions with one of the major suppliers out there? And what would you expect as we go forward? We know that another one of the suppliers have already started to buy up some of the lines. It looks like that capacity issue should be unlocked before we get into next soup season. How do this year's gains don't become next year's pain points? 
Mark Clouse: Right. Yeah, great question. The first thing I just would say, I'm not – this is always a little bit of a mystery to me, the difference between Nielsen and IRI, but the category numbers for us in the quarter that we see on condensed is down under a percent versus the run rate of being down 3%. So, I would have said we saw a notable – I would have said that we've seen a notable improvement in the underlying category dynamic, although not fully to positive yet. 
Jason English: Is that penetration, Mark, that you're gaining? 
Mark Clouse: No, I'm seeing that…
Jason English: Because I'm only looking at the penetration, the number of buyers. You kind of anchored us there. 
Mark Clouse: Okay, only on penetration. Yeah, I think on penetration, the sourcing for us is a little bit – like I said, we've seen a combination of what we would call lapsed users and that may be a little bit of a trade up from private label to us. But some of the new households that are truly new consumers, I think, are benefiting us from a kind of sustainability aspect as we go into next year. I think the overall purchase and the category improvement is also a bit of an encouraging number for us. As it relates to private label, I mentioned in my comments, there were some supply issues. They weren't everywhere on private label, but, certainly, it did help us a bit in the quarter. But we also were lapping some other one-time headwinds as it related to storms from a year ago and a little bit of the snap dynamic, especially at the end of the quarter.  I think the good news is we're seeing some of those customers make the decision not to come back in with private label, but to just stick with us given the strength of our performance during the holiday. So, that's good news as well.  And that along with, I think, the lapping next year of the headwind of the distribution losses that we would hope to greatly mitigate as we go into next year, I think we've got a lot of – there's going to be a lot of puts and takes. But I think the net of it is I feel very good about the underlying health as something that we can build off of next year versus that we just go out and buy some share that we're going to give back next year. So, I think those are the drivers that I'm looking at. And, of course, we're going to have to watch it very closely as we move forward.
Jason English: Got it. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Mark Clouse: Okay. Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. And in the interest of time, we'll be taking our last question from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning. Congrats. Happy retirement, Ken. Just to ask really quickly on the gross margin. I'm just curious, are you seeing there the benefits of – how much of the benefit of the gross margin improvement has been from productivity savings versus a synergy? Is this going to – and understanding of how the synergies are flowing through from the Snyder's Lance integration in relation to what has also been a strong productivity environment for the business as well.
Mick Beekhuizen: Sure, sure. Why don't I start off with that? Thanks, Chris. Good question. So, if you also look at kind of the bridge that I included in the presentation, you see they're kind of the building blocks for the 150 basis point improvement. And you see kind of two different components in there that have helped our gross margin in addition to the overall mix.  One of them is the productivity improvements, which is activities throughout our supply chain in order to continue to help offset some of the inflationary pressures that we see. But then, separately, we're also highlighting the cost savings program. And this is also where you would see the benefit from the integration of the Snyder's Lance business.  If you look at it from kind of a total company perspective, you see that we generated year-to-date about $90 million of cost savings. That's that particular program. However, it goes across the P&L. That's $90 million. I'd say about 50/50 of that is within either the costs – or COGS and then the remainder is within the other components of our P&L.
Mark Clouse: If you think about it, Chris, so if you go back to the kind of gross margin bridge for a second, you've got inflation of 2%, which is about 160 basis point headwind and productivity-based productivity, as Mick said, those are the programs that we're doing kind of on a more annual basis, was about 140 basis points of good. So, the net of inflation and productivity not quite equal, but about a 20 bp headwind. And then, we picked up 90 basis points as it relates to the cost savings. And so, if you think about productivity at 140 basis points and cost savings about 90 basis points, that gives you kind of the relationship that you're looking for.
Chris Growe: Yep. And just to be clear, and one final question would just be, basically the synergies within that. I guess I just want to understand, you talk about a successful integration so far of the business. Is it synergies as part of the, I guess, what you call, cost savings? Is that what's helping drive that incremental cost savings number, is my only question?
Mark Clouse: Yeah. No, no. I got you. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah, if you took the split of the $90 million, as Mick said, in the first half, you've got about half and half. So, half is what we call enterprise cost savings. So, those were like supply chain reinvention and network optimization, and the synergies were about $45 million of the $90 million. So, you're about 50/50 for the first half of the year. Is that the question you wanted…?
Chris Growe: You got it. Yeah.
Mark Clouse: Okay.
Chris Growe: Yeah, perfect. Thanks so much. Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's call. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-12-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell's first quarter 2020 earnings call. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who will participate in a listen-only mode. Turning to Slide 3; today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. On Slide 4, you can see what we plan to cover today. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO, and our new Chief Financial Officer, Mick Beekhuizen. Mark, will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter and then Mick will walk through the financial details and our updated guidance for fiscal 2020. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before I get to our performance, I want to acknowledge that Ken has decided to retire from Campbell and this should be his last earnings call as Vice President of Investor Relations. Ken, thank you for your contributions to the Company through the years and we wish you the best in your retirement. Our results to start the year were largely consistent with our expectations. As we discussed during our fourth quarter call, fiscal 2020 will be a year of stabilization for the Company as we invest in the business, optimize the portfolio, and fully implement our new operating model, including further integrating our snacks division. We continue to make great progress across these focus areas, building upon the foundation we put in place in fiscal 2019. Looking at our results, organic sales were slightly below year ago, just under 1%. Performance reflected continued strength in the snacks segment where sales increased 2% with contributions across the business. This was more than offset by a 3% sales decline in Meals & Beverage, in large part due to the timing of US Soup shipments related to the Thanksgiving holiday. Although this timing shift resulted in a headwind in Q1, I fully expect that to balance in Q2. What I'm most encouraged by is our end market performance where we are building momentum across both divisions. In fact, in measured channels, our total company end market consumption grew more than 1%. Our brands grew or held share in categories representing more than 80% of our total business and finally in 10 of our stated 13 priority categories. This was led by gains in Soup share for the first time in nearly three years. We continue to execute upon the other key elements of our strategic plan, including a 30 basis point gross margin expansion, supported by productivity improvements and cost savings. We delivered $45 million in cost savings in the quarter inclusive of our multi-year enterprise program and the synergies from our snacks integration. Adjusted EBIT was better than we expected, although the majority of the upside was timing resulting in double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide 7, let's start with Meals & Beverages. As a reminder, when we spoke last quarter, I indicated we had a great deal of work to do to stabilize this business and the mixed results in Q1 reflect many of those actions. This includes optimization of our portfolio and increased investments. For instance A&C is up 2% in the division in Q1 including a 15% increase on our US Soup brands behind earlier in season advertising while overall TDPs in the division were down around 6%. The net of this is improving consumption only down about 1% and share in market, positive. But clearly, we have not yet achieved our overall goal of stabilization. This will take some time but I am happy with the progress. As previously mentioned, the difference in our net sales and consumption was primarily holiday timing of shipments, which we expect to recover in Q2 and some proactive decisions that we have made to optimize certain lower profit foodservice volume. Turning specifically to the US Soup; while the impact of timing of Thanksgiving shipments was most pronounced on soup, where our condensed varieties and broths play a sizable role in many holiday recipes, we are making encouraging progress in market on the business. We are injecting much needed investment and continuing to strengthen important retailer relationships while also rationalizing the portfolio. As we've discussed before, in my view, the first step in this journey is stabilizing share. This quarter marked the first time in ten quarters that Campbell gained overall Soup share. In fact, we grew or maintained share across the condensed, ready to serve, and broth categories. This is one of the early indicators of progress on our three-year journey to revitalize US Soup. On Slide 9, while soup sales declined 3% in the quarter, consumption only declined about 1%, improved velocities in soup were essentially offset by TDP losses in the quarter. And I'll unpack that more on the next slide. As you can see, the 2 point gap between net sales and consumption is due entirely to the timing of Thanksgiving. Turning to Slide 10; we are investing more in the category, both on condensed and ready to serve with advertising dollars up. We started our advertising earlier, a month sooner this fiscal year. And while it's early days, the response to our initial investments is encouraging. For example, our new tomato soup advertising went on air September 30th and we saw positive lifts immediately. Through the start of the second quarter we've improved on those lifts, which are now up 7%. We have also increased our promotional frequency across the portfolio, which is a product of our improving retailer relationships and select high ROI investments. Moving onto TDPs, as we mentioned back in August, we've experienced distribution headwinds due to historic lack of support and some of our own choices to optimize our Soup portfolio. Approximately 80% of these TDP losses are what I would characterize as non-regrettable, meaning that they were lower velocity SKUs coming from the tail of our condensed and ready to serve segments. However, about 20% are SKUs that should remain and with the support we've added, we have an even higher, stronger velocities. We're pushing hard to get those back. But what is most important right now is to sustain our velocity as we head into the heart of the soup season. With each month of progress, we are laying the foundation for the sustainment of the category and next year with more innovation, the aim is to ultimately expand the category. In summary, I feel good about the direction in which we are headed on soup; including the improvements we're seeing on Pacific, which we expect to return to top line growth this year. I'm also encouraged by how the portfolio is responding to the actions we are taking. As I've emphasized from day one, change won't happen overnight. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect that our net sales profile in the US Soup business will continue to improve. In other parts of the division, I'm pleased with the performance of our Prego brand, which continued its strong momentum and maintained its number one share position in the Italian sauce category. Turning to V8, the shelf-stable juice category remains challenged as we continue to optimize our portfolio, primarily on Splash. We are reshaping the portfolio around the plant-based positioning of V8 red, the V8 Plus energy product which is outperforming the category and our overall single-serve platform. Our new campaign focuses on a master brand story for V8 as the original plant-power drink. We believe we have the right to own this space and are pleased with early indications of this investment. While the declines on Splash more than offset these improvements, they aligned with our expectations. It's early days in our efforts to stabilize our Meals & Beverages business, but I feel good about our progress thus far and I have confidence in the team to continue to improve our performance. Let's look at our Snacks segment on Slide 12. This was another very good quarter for the business with organic sales increasing 2%, which includes a nearly 4% in market result, offset by the 1% headwind for partner brands that we discussed last quarter. We continue to drive strong consumption on our nine power brands, while also making steady progress on our integration plans and value capture targets, both of which give me further confidence in our strategy, our investments and our team. Operating profit was comparable to the prior year as we front-loaded marketing investment in the first quarter. We expect our profit performance to improve as the year unfolds. Once again, eight of our nine power snack brands grew or held share in the quarter. The Snacks business is maintaining momentum behind our proven growth model, which we are now deploying across the full portfolio. Marketing investments are up significantly across our nine power brands with select trade investments to maintain price gaps. These investments continued to pay off. Total Snacks consumption grew nearly 4% in measured channels while our power brands grew 6%. We are seeing nearly two times the consumption growth on our power brands versus the rest of the snacks portfolio as we focus the portfolio and invest behind these differentiated brands that are truly driving the business. The Pepperidge Farm portfolio continued to lead the way with its 20th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth. Goldfish continued to perform well with increases on the core business. Our bakery business continued its growth behind buns and rolls, sandwich bread, and swirl. Marketplace performance was also strong on our salty snacks brands, where we drove double-digit growth on late July, while Cape Cod, Kettle and Snyder's pretzels continued to respond well to our increased marketing investments with both consumption and share growth. As discussed last quarter, the partner brands in our portfolio are performing in line with expectations impacting our Snacks sales by 1%. We expect this headwind throughout fiscal '20. Let's take a closer look at the progress we're making on our integration and value capture on Slide 14. I remain satisfied with the pace of our progress. In the first quarter, we continued to deliver additional savings across the three key areas; synergies and procurement around packaging, the consolidation of sales headquarters and related operations, and driving operational efficiency in our manufacturing. We expect to continue to deliver savings against these three initiatives in the first half of the year and we're off to a strong start. Looking to the back half, we expect initiatives around manufacturing and logistics to begin to contribute to our overall savings. In summary, I'm very excited by the progress and potential of our Snacks business. I continue to view it as a unique advantage and differentiated portfolio that is responding well to our investments and the best of both capabilities of the combined businesses. With that, let me introduce Mick Beekhuizen, who joined Campbell in October after serving as CFO at Chobani for the past three years where he helped to improve the company's capital structure and supported its growth and expansion. He brings significant experience in debt reduction and cash flow generation, both of which are key priorities at Campbell. Mick's diverse experience will be a tremendous asset as we continue to reposition Campbell for sustainable profitable growth. Now let me turn it over to Mick.
Mick Beekhuizen: Thanks, Mark. Before reviewing our results, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter and outlook for the balance of the year. As Mark stated, sales were slightly down but were largely in line with our expectations. Within Meals & Beverages, soup shipments were down 3 points of which approximately two-thirds reflects the timing of shipments with the later Thanksgiving holiday. Consumption remains solid and share trends continued to improve. And Snacks delivered 2% growth, which included a 1 point headwind from partner brands. We are pleased with improving trends in our gross margin, as we benefited primarily from productivity improvements, cost savings, and pricing, partially offset by cost inflation and trade investments. We continue to make strong progress against our cost savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022, delivering $45 million of incremental savings in the first quarter, bringing the program to-date total for continuing operations to $605 million. Year-over-year, adjusted EBIT increased 6%, slightly better than expected, benefiting from some timing on the cost side. We continue to make progress on our divestiture program with the sale of Kelsen completed in September, the sale of the European Chips business completed in October, and the remaining portion of Campbell International expected to close before the end of our second quarter. Proceeds received to date along with positive cash flow from the business have enabled us to reduce debt levels by approximately $1.5 billion over the past 12 months. Lastly, we are updating our fiscal 2020 sales guidance to reflect the sale of the European Chips business, which was not included in our guidance previously provided in August. Our underlying outlook for organic sales as well as adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS remains unchanged. Overall, we had a solid quarter and we are currently on track to achieve our fiscal year goals. Given the seasonality of our business combined with increased marketing support in the second quarter, we expect to see our performance through the first half to be more in line with our full year guidance, excluding the impact of the 53rd week, which obviously falls in the second half of the year. I'll now review our results in more detail. For the first quarter, reported and organic sales decreased 1% to approximately $2.2 billion as gains in Snacks were more than offset by declines in Meals & Beverages. Adjusted EBIT increased 6% to $392 million as sales declines were more than offset by lower adjusted administrative expenses, higher adjusted other income and improved gross margin performance. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 10% or $0.07 to $0.78 per share due to our adjusted EBIT performance and lower interest expense. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales were down 1%. Overall volumes were stable as declines in Meals & Beverages were offset by increases in Snacks with gains across much of the portfolio. Sales benefited by slightly less than 1 points from pricing actions primarily within Meals & Beverages taken in fiscal 2019. Promotional spending investments within both Snacks and Meals & Beverages negatively impacted net sales by a little over a point. The impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral, as we refocus our portfolio on North America. We would continue to expect currency translation impacts to be minimal. All in, our reported and organic net sales were down just under 1%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 30 basis points in the quarter to 33.8%. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 170 basis points. On a rate basis, overall input prices increased by approximately 3% reflecting higher prices on steel cans as well as areas such as vegetables and flower. Net pricing led to a 30 basis point decline in adjusted gross margin as the benefits from list pricing actions were more than offset by increased promotional spending. Going the other way, our ongoing supply chain productivity program contributed a 130 basis points and our cost savings program also added 90 basis points to gross margin expansion. Mix was favorable by 10 basis points, bringing the gross margin percentage to 33.8%. We are pleased with these gross margin results as we continued to achieve improvement in performance. Moving on to other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses decreased 1% in the quarter to $206 million as increased investments in advertising and consumer promotion were more than offset by the benefits of cost saving initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 7% to $126 million, primarily reflecting the benefits of cost savings initiatives. And while not shown on the chart, adjusted other income was $8 million compared to zero in the prior year period. The year-over-year impact of $8 million contributing to our EBIT performance in the quarter reflects lower losses on investments and higher pension and post-retirement benefit income. Going to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multi-year enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, inclusive of Snyder's-Lance synergies. To-date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $605 million. We expect incremental cost savings in the range of $140 million to $150 million for the full year and continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022. For additional perspective on our performance, the next chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.07 from $0.71 in the prior year quarter to $0.78 per share. Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.05 impact on EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-year by $10 million, delivering a $0.03 positive impact to EPS, as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. Lastly, our adjusted effective tax rate of 24%, while slightly higher than prior year, rounds to no impact, completing the bridge to $0.78 per share. Now turning to our segment's results; in Meals & Beverages, sales decreased 3% to $1.2 billion, primarily reflecting declines in US Soup as well as Foodservice, which were partially offset by gains in Prego pasta sauces. Sales of US Soup decreased 3% with shipments lagging in-market consumption by 2 points, which were negatively impacted by movements in retailer inventory levels in both broth and condensed soups related to the timing of the Thanksgiving holiday. Sales of ready-to-serve soups were comparable to the prior year. As mentioned, our Soup share trends continued to improve, gaining 50 basis points of share in the quarter. Segment operating earnings declined 3% to $282 million. The decline was driven primarily by cost inflation and sales declines, offset partially by the benefits of cost savings initiatives and supply chain productivity programs. In Snacks, sales in the quarter increased 2% to approximately $1 billion. This performance was driven by gains in Goldfish crackers as well as gains in fresh bakery products, Pepperidge Farm cookies and Cape Cod and Kettle Brand potato chips, offset partially by declines in the partner brands. As we discussed with you last quarter, we are continuing our planned prioritization of select partners to reduce complexity and improve execution. And as Mark mentioned, eight of our nine snack power brands grew or held market share in the quarter. Segment operating earnings of $125 million were comparable to the prior year, as the benefits of cost savings initiatives and supply chain productivity programs were offset by cost inflation and increased marketing support. Cash from operations for Q1 fiscal 2020 decreased year-over-year by $49 million to $182 million primarily related to the year-over-year increased payout of incentive compensation. We continued to make progress regarding our working capital management efforts. And while cash flow for the year will benefit from these efforts, we expect the impact to be at a lower level of improvement than what we achieved in fiscal 2019. Cash from investing activities increased by $369 million to $269 million primarily related to the net proceeds from the sale of Kelsen and the European Chips business. The cash outflow for capital expenditures was $98 million; $13 million lower than the prior year. We continue to forecast capex of approximately $350 million for fiscal 2020. Cash outflows for financing activities were $453 million compared to $148 million a year ago. The year-over-year incremental cash flow reflect the use of divestiture proceeds to pay down debt levels. Dividends paid in the amount of $107 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. Overall, we continue to make progress to delever our balance sheet. Net debt of $8.2 billion declined by approximately $1.5 billion compared to the prior year as proceeds from the completed divestitures along with positive cash flow generated by the business were used to reduce debt. We expect to complete the remaining divestiture of Arnott's and certain other International businesses in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and we will use the net proceeds to further reduce our debt level. With our current outlook, we expect our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to be well below 4 times by the end of fiscal 2020. Now, I'll review our updated guidance for continuing operations for 2020. The only thing that has changed is that we are updating our guidance for the sale of the European Chips business which we completed in October. The impact from this divestiture was not included in the guidance previously provided on August 30th. Unlike other recent divestitures, primarily given its size, it is not treated as a discontinued operation and has been, through the date of sale, included as part of continuing operations. This divestiture will have about a negative 2 percentage point impact on sales for the balance of the year and no impact on adjusted EBIT or adjusted EPS. Also, as previously discussed, fiscal 2020 is a 53 week year resulting in an additional week which we believe to have about a 2 percentage point impact across net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. As a result, we expect reported and organic net sales of minus 1% to plus 1%; adjusted EBIT of plus 2% to plus 4%; and adjusted EPS of plus 9% to plus 11% or $2.50 to $2.55 per share. And for clarity, our outlook for organic sales excludes the negative 2 point impact from the sale of the European Chips business as well as a 2 point contribution from the 53rd week. Overall, I'm excited to be part of the team and pleased with the results of my first quarter with Campbell. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. Before taking your questions, I wanted to add a new section to our comments for this quarter and the remainder of the fiscal year. As we discussed at our Investor Day, transparency and clear milestones are important to track the progress of our turnaround. You may remember this page from June, which I believe continues to serve as a great scorecard for our progress against the key metrics we outlined. I feel very good about the underlying progress we have made to start the new fiscal year. While we have more work to do in terms of stabilizing the topline, we are slightly ahead of schedule on margins and EBIT and I'm very pleased with our progress around building a winning team and culture, especially the speed at which we have implemented our new operating model and how we are adding new skills and capabilities while saving cost. On balance, we are doing what we said we would do. With that, let's take some questions.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Mark. We'll be happy to take your questions. Krystal, let's open the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody. And thanks for all your help over the years, Ken, and welcome to you Mick. Two questions from me. I guess first, Mark, in thinking about Soup at this point. On the one hand, shipments were down this quarter against an easier comp, but on the other, there was the negative impact from a late Thanksgiving that you talked about, some of which should reverse, and also Campbell gained share, obviously, for the first time in 10 quarters, I think you said. So, perhaps you can put these results maybe in broader context with where you are in the overall Soup turnaround plan for starters. And then second, maybe for Mick, just the cost savings and synergies obviously came in strongly at $45 million in the first quarter, well ahead of, I guess, what would have been implied by your goal of $140 million to $150 million for the full year. So, with such a strong first quarter performance included in the original plans for the year, if not like what drove the upside and maybe how do we think about the cadence of savings and synergies for the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Great. Alright, so why don't I hit the soup question first, Mick, and then we'll talk about the phasing of the savings. I think it's -- how I would categorize Soup for the first quarter is essentially very much in line with what we kind of described in the fourth quarter. If we set aside the timing of the Thanksgiving shipments where you had an overall Soup business that was essentially down about 1%, and the balancing act here is, let's start with the things that we're feeling very good about. And in all honesty, a couple of these areas were better than I expected for where we are in the journey. And I think it starts with share. As we've said all along, really what we want to do as a first step is kind of slow down or stop the share loss that we've been experiencing over the last several years and so have done that in condensed, ready-to-serve, and in broth in the same quarter, I think, was a very important milestone in continuing to move us forward. And if you think about why and how that happened, I think the part that probably has made the most excited is the response that we're seeing in market to the investments we're making. And if you think about this as a continuum through the year of investing or at least through the first two quarters of investing in different parts of the business, the first investments we made were coming back on air with our chunky advertising, bringing mom back into the picture. I'm sure you've seen that -- seen the ads as well as the advertising that we have on the condensed businesses where we focus on the eating soup, so primarily tomato and chicken noodle. And in both cases, the response to that has been very, very strong and if you look at the more recent weeks that are going to fall into Q2, you'd see that momentum accelerating even further. In fact our ready-to-serve businesses in the latest four weeks are up about 7% and our condensed eating soups are up almost double digits. And so -- and with both having very strong share performances as well. And I think a big part of it is we're tackling head on some of the challenges that the business had. So, our condensed ads are focused on driving the quality perception. If you see how the ads are constructed, we're actually embracing the can and really connecting it to the quality of the food inside, whether that's no added preservatives on chicken noodle or whether that's six tomatoes or romancing it in the occasion of grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup which we haven't advertised in a long time. And I think those are all very, very strong and what we're going to see now in the weeks ahead is condensed on the cooking side and our broth business, which are both areas that really didn't start until Q2. I also feel good about how our price gap management and our differentiation strategies are going as it relates to private label. We've seen a major turnaround in the share relationship on condensed as it relates to private label. And although, I'm still a little weary on the broth side and I'll talk about that in a second, I am happy to see the recovery of share on condensed that we had lost over several years. And no doubt, underlying that too is this improvement I would say in our retail partnerships, where people are embracing the fact that we're coming back to the table with the vision and a direction. And I think as this continues to build momentum, we could see velocities which were up 4% in Q1. I think we could see those accelerate as we go forward. And as we said, in the next iterations adding innovation seeing the full impact of advertising over time, I would say, on balance, I feel really good about where we are right now. I think the headwinds, as we talked about in the fourth quarter, is primarily the distribution side. And again if I'm honest here, I think 80% of this is what I would call non-regrettable as I described in my remarks. And about 20% of it I think are things that should be in there. And I think as we continue to build the case on velocity, we're going hard at getting those back in and I think we'll experienced success if we're able to maintain this in-market momentum that we've seen. I mean the fact of the matter is, we're living a little bit with the history of not having supported the category and the businesses. And a lot of these decisions on the category and the resets were made on a historical set of performance factors that honestly warranted some rationalization. As I said, I think the name of the game right now is keep month-in month-out building our case for the category and showing the demonstrated improvement and the impact of focusing on the right areas. And then the other two areas that I think are working as headwinds; one is Pacific, but we're seeing steady increase. In fact, if you look at the latest four weeks on Pacific you're actually seeing a decline in market of just over 1% which is a significant improvement from where we've been, and I do expect that to swing into positive territory as the year unfolds. So still a headwind, but I think significantly improved from the double-digit declines we experienced. And then broth is a little bit of a wildcard. I'm anxious to see these next two weeks, which are the key weeks of Thanksgiving to really see if both the advertising and some of the price gap management we're doing is going to be enough to balance what is an aggressive growth trajectory that private labels had. But I do think with the support and Pacific, which obviously plays an important role on broth for us kind of having support for the first time in a lot of years we're, I would say, cautiously optimistic of how that looks. So that reality of where we are, if you think about this going forward, I think the drivers are not going to change materially in Q2. Obviously, we're going to get the benefit of the timing, I think more of the underlying variables are going to be roughly the same. But again, I wouldn't be surprised if we continue to build some momentum in a few areas as well. So net-net, I kind of feel like we're right where we wanted to be in Q1 and some green shoots and some areas that we still need to work on.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then, I think Mick is [indiscernible] in the cost saves cadence.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. So with regard to the cost savings, it's a good question. I spent quite a bit of time on it since joining the company, particularly, obviously the cost saving programs as well as the focus on the synergies with regard to Snyder's-Lance and going -- looking at the first quarter, generated about $45 million of cost savings. We're off to a good start. I feel good about it. I feel good where we are. That being said, it's still early in the year and all that -- kind of looking at the details, I do feel very good about the target of $140 million to $150 million for the full year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean I think the reality Andrew is, is that we are a little bit ahead of where we expected as it relates to EBIT and some of that is the reflection of cost savings coming a little faster. We don't necessarily see them to be incremental on the year, but we're always happy when we can get to savings a little faster. But I would suggest that the upside in Q1 is a little bit of timing that I would expect to smooth out over Q2. And, as we -- as Mick said in his comments, we're kind of expecting to exit the first half pretty much right down the center of the fairway as it relates to where our 52-week guidance sits relative to both kind of top and bottom line. And maybe a little bit of opportunity if we continue to see some of that momentum on Soup and could continue to move forward on savings. But for where we are right now, we see a little bit more of it is as the timing factor.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Two from me -- hey. First question, you talked about shipments trailing consumption, obviously, thanks to the Thanksgiving shift. Mark, as we think about the first [ph], I guess few weeks so far of the second quarter, have you seen shipments outpace consumption as the shift reverses, so that would be my first question. And then my second one is, on the 20% of distribution reduction that was, I guess regrettable is the word, some of your peers -- some of your customers have talk lately about how retailers are shifting their shelf sets maybe simplifying them to reduce some out of stocks. Are you seeing any impact on that on your business as far as you can tell. I'm just trying to get a sense of how -- where the sort of distribution losses are coming from that you're not necessarily hoping for? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a great question. First on the phasing. So what I would tell you is, let me kind of hit it both on the shipment and the consumption side. So on the shipment side, I would say, we see a fair amount of the first month of the quarter and it's building very strong confidence that this idea of the phasing shifting from Q1 to Q2 will in fact occur. I think on the consumption side, we also continue to be very encouraged by what we're seeing in the latest four week numbers. They're some of the better performance on, like I said, the places that have gotten the majority of the advertising. However, what I will say is the next two weeks of consumption that we don't have will be inclusive of the key weeks of the holiday. So I would tell you in a couple of weeks from now, I'll have a very good feel for how we fared through Thanksgiving, which of course is a pretty quick turn from that one into Christmas and the December holiday period. So we'll have a little bit of foreshadowing there. But like I said, all of the indicators I see right now are, for the most part, either very much in line or in some cases a little bit ahead and more positive than I might have expected at this point. And then let me talk about the distribution. It's -- I do think that there is a reality of retailers really rationalizing their space and understanding where the value creation is happening in the store. And in some cases that may be reducing assortment to create greater slots for core items that may be turning at much faster pace and I think that we are seeing a little bit of that within the world of Soup. And in our mind that's okay, right. That's where a lot of the non-regrettable rationalization is happening. If you take the last 10 items within our condensed soup business, it's in the third and fourth quartile. As it relates to velocity, those aren't our most efficient SKUs anyway. And so the idea that we get to a little bit more focused and tighter set and especially given some of the early successes we're having on supporting the core, I would say we feel pretty good about that and kind of are managing it and expecting it. I think the 20%, in some ways, has to do with the fact that I would describe it a little bit as collateral damage as retailers may have kind of cut a bigger piece, given a backward look at the performance of the category and our businesses. And I think, that is a risk that we certainly identified and understood. And I think we'll reverse that. I don't think it's a -- the key that I think people should be focused on is, do we think it's systemic and going to continue. And the answer is, I do not believe that will happen. I think we're getting to a very good set now where the foundation of the distribution, I need to get that 20% back, which I think we're building some good cases to do it, and then build smart innovation on the top of that, things like our convenience platforms where over time we're going to see a range of options that includes seven ounces, that include our 11 ounce sipping going up, all the way to 12-ounce, which is a little bit more of a meal replacement size. This combination of bringing more relevant formats into the isle, that's what we're making some room for and I think that we're going to have a very strong story going forward. So I think your insight is right. I think we're certainly experiencing it here, but I also feel good that we're turning the tide and even as we're having conversations with customers, we already have agreement in certain areas where we're going to bring stuff back or that the acceptance of our innovation so far has been very, very strong.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everyone. Couple of quick ones from me. First, I'm not sure that -- I don't know if I missed it or not, but did you give an outlook for capital spending for the year?
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, we did. $350 million, it hasn't changed. It's basically in line with what we previously provided.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then second, there's been a lot of discussion about shipments versus consumption in Soup. So I guess just for the full year, should we expect that your shipments would be in line with consumption or is there anything that would cause the two not to sort of converge for the full year?
Mark Clouse: No, I think you should expect over the course of the year for them to be pretty close. It's always a little -- there's always a little bit of choppiness as you think about timing. So you know, what is you look forward, really think about where the key holidays hit. We'll have Easter here ahead of us in the quarters ahead. But I think the full year should be pretty close where consumption and shipments should be aligned. We see no reason to expect a material step down in further inventory levels and -- or any other cause or factor that would change it beyond what we're going to experience a little bit from quarter-to-quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, just last one, you made some comments -- commentary about expecting that debt-to-EBITDA would be meaningfully below 4 times by year-end. And so I guess maybe Mark if you could just -- philosophically, if you're getting at that point where there is some flexibility with free cash flow. Just how you think about capital allocation, share repurchases, raising dividends, investing back in the business. Just how we may think about -- just how you're thinking about that if you're starting to sit on a pile of money.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So as we sit here today, the capital priorities would be consistent with what we previously communicated, where essentially it's about supporting the growth of the business, reducing our debt and paying our dividends, right. That's kind of been the framework of what we've been living into. I do think and I don't think this day is necessarily today, and for the most part, probably won't be within this year. But as we get ourselves back closer to that 3 times level, I do think we're open to that conversation. Of course, we'll continue to maintain kind of that those top two of -- or top three of investing in growth, of course managing that debt level down and paying our dividend. But then at that point. I think it's right to have the conversation on would we look at other tuck-in M&A that might fill in some holes within our portfolio or be valued combinations with some of the businesses we have today. I would not expect us to be heading into transformational and bigger M&A. I just don't think that's where we are right now in the journey. But I could imagine that as we get into a reasonable debt level that we might look at some smaller contributions as well as of course always, although not approved today, I think there is always room for conversation around share repurchasing or increasing dividend, depending on the circumstances and kind of how we view the outlook going forward. So I think that conversation happens kind of as we're exiting this year into next year.
Bryan Spillane: Excellent, thank you very much.
Mark Clouse: Okay. Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Mark, maybe you can just -- hey good morning. Maybe you can just provide some consumer diagnostics. I mean clearly the category or at least Campbell Soup business has been improving. Can you help us kind of understand what's going on at the consumer level. Are you bringing lapsed consumers back? Are these new consumers? Are you just share-shifting? Any context around that would be helpful.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think there's a couple of dynamics that are happening at the consumer level. I think -- I'll put it in the kind of three buckets. The biggest bucket I do see us influencing is lapsed users, which is our primary initial objective and this is -- we know that the primary barrier to that is the perception of the product and so as we have gone aggressively after quality and kind of context, right. When you think about the wholesomeness of tomato soup and grilled cheese, which I think all of us here are a little bit, I guess, pleasantly surprised at how well consumers have responded to that message as well as the understanding that giving people a bit more permission with our chicken noodle soup with no added preservatives is making a big differences targeting right there. In fact, we've seen slight ticks up in penetration, which is something that I don't know that we can determine when the last time we saw that occur. So that -- I think that's one area. Two, I think the other thing that is really helping us at the consumer level is this idea of new consumers entering into cooking. So a lot of discussion around millennials over the years and the reality is that as Millennials age, we are finding them participating more and more in in-home preparation, we call it quick scratch cooking, which is essentially assembling several components to make a meal and of course our broth business, both Swanson and Pacific as well as our condensed cooking soups like cream of mushroom and cream of chicken are very, very easy, convenient, and again, as we reinforce the message of more fresh cream, no added preservatives for that millennial audience we're beginning to find a role within their lifestyle and that relevance is really important for us as you imagine our ability to turn the category over time. And then I think the third area that we're although early days that I continue to be very encouraged by is the performance of our sipping soups which allows us to kind of move into a more snacking occasions and we're doing that with the Well Yes! platform right now. But as the year unfolds, we'll be rolling out the bone broth, which is a big protein nutritional play, which we know is very relevant along with some continued expansion of different flavors. All three of those dynamics and that's why this is not a simple turnaround and it takes some time, all three of those areas are places where we're influencing consumers positively. And the good news in all of it is, as we think about those actions that we're taking, they also help us differentiate within the category and that differentiation is why I'm happy to see the share improvement because, again, I think our opportunity to improve is a little bit of a heavier lift to really get the category fully moving. But if we can at least ensure that we're winning the fight within the category and growing share and all the actions I just described are helping us do that, that's what we're kind of looking for. Does that help, Nick?
Nik Modi: Yes, very helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. Very much appreciate it. Ken, we'll miss working with you and good luck on the next chapter and Mick welcome on board, looking forward to getting -- to know you more.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes.
Jason English: A couple of quick questions. First, sort of housekeeping, I think you mentioned a couple of times EBIT is already ahead of schedule because of some timing impact and I noticed in the press release you referenced some things like gains on open commodity contracts and some pension income. Can you quantify what sort of tailwinds are -- were -- and when you expect them to online to reverse the other way?
Mick Beekhuizen: Sure. Yes, let me take that Mark and you can add in the back-end but just -- if I look at kind of I tend to look at probably a little bit more across the P&L and if we then look at kind of Q1 EBIT and break down the different components, that's probably the easiest way to look at it, you see that basically there was a slight topline decline, which was then basically offset by some gross margin improvements. Then within sales and marketing, we had savings from our selling expenses slightly more than offset our increased marketing investments. And then if you look at the admin expenses, those were primarily driven by savings from the restructuring of our operating model. And then finally, within, particularly other income, there were some one-time items that I described more in detail, as you know, in my prepared remarks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, I think part of it Jason is the one-time items are just going to give a little bit of a bump into Q1 that was contemplated in the year, but certainly shows Q1 up a little bit. That obviously we expected. I do think some of the underlying improvement on the cost side is what we were pleasantly surprised with a little bit earlier, both on the operating model within this admin costs and SG&A side as well as a little bit of some of the cost savings that sit within the selling and marketing number. One of the numbers that's really important to think about is, our marketing and selling was down about 4%, but that was driven primarily by about a 9% decline on the selling, which had to do with a little bit of what we've done through the reorganization. Our marketing was up about 4%, but even more importantly within that our A&C was up 12% in the quarter and Snacks was up 23%, Meals & Beverage was up 2%, but Soup was up 15%. So, I think what happened was, we got a little bit better inflow of those savings in Q1. I would expect that most of that should smooth out in Q2. It's not like we pulled fourth quarter savings into Q1. I think it was more kind of months of timing that it was full year. So as I said, I think if I'm looking at the first half, I'm kind of expecting the first half total to look very consistent with what our full year outlook or guidance is.
Jason English: That's helpful, thank you. And I think you partially answered my second question, which was the margin profile of Snacks. Given the over delivery on savings, it was surprising for me to see margins sequentially go lower into this and even from a year-on-year they look softer than what we would have expected. The 23% jump on marketing in Snacks, how much of -- can you quantify the drag on margins, just so we can get a slightly cleaner read on sort of what's happening with the underlying margin profile for that business.
Mark Clouse: Sure. Yes, happy to do that. Yes, I think if you look at kind of the building blocks as you went through it. Our cost savings and our productivity that was in there was about the same amount as the investment and that's why you're seeing a relatively flat bottom line and the way to think about the year on Snacks, this might help give you perspective is, if you remember, we kind of started this investment model on Snacks in Q3. And so if you imagine that the synergies being relatively stable across the four quarters, your first couple of quarters are going to have material steps up in the marketing and advertising as well some investment in trade that we're still working on to get those price points right primarily on the Snyder's-Lance businesses. As you go through the year, the incrementality of what we're spending from a marketing standpoint will drop and more of those cost savings will come through. So I think as you look at subsequent quarters, I would expect the margin to improve in each quarter. And by the time you get to the end of the year, I think it's probably going to be much closer to what you might have modeled for the year with all of the puts and takes we've given you.
Jason English: Helpful stuff. Thanks a lot guys. I'll pass it on.
Mark Clouse: Okay, yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi, and welcome, Mick. And Ken, we wish you all the best. Just to follow on to your answer there and I think Mark you mostly answered it to Jason's question, but obviously some of those timing differential has a negative effect on the second quarter. At the same time, you have shipments that hopefully will benefit the second quarter. So just trying to get my head around, you provide any color around Q2 EPS, just given all the moving pieces in that quarter?
Mark Clouse: Yes, you know Chris, I always try to avoid giving direct quarterly guidance, but I do think the best way I can give it to you is in the context of kind of what we expect for the first half, and if you kind of plot out what I'm essentially saying, you're absolutely -- your variables are absolutely right. So a little bit of opportunity on the top line. But again, remembering that it's off the base and relative to what we would have experienced perhaps on the downside in Q1. So to kind of be right where we are guiding for the first half in totality. And I think for EBIT, we'll be roughly in that same bucket as what we're guiding for the year on the 52-week number on the EBIT side. And I do think that will flow through to EPS although, remember the big driver for the year as we look at the delta between EBIT and EPS is obviously the interest and as we expect to complete the divestiture process in Q2, that then will be the unlock for kind of accelerating EPS a little further. So take that into mind as you're thinking about how building those -- all those pieces back and to get to a Q2.
Chris Growe: That's great. That was good color.
Mark Clouse: [Indiscernible] without giving you quarterly guidance.
Chris Growe: That's fine.
Mark Clouse: Yes, hopefully that's helpful.
Chris Growe: I understand, that was helpful. Yes, thank you. Just one quick follow-up then on the gross margin. I just want to understand the -- is the inflation more front-end loaded through the year? How do you expect the gross margin to perform through the year? And I just want to overlay on that some of the promotional spending, does that kick up say in Q2 and Q3 just to have a little bit more of an incremental drag on the gross margins as I think about how you're investing back in the business here?
Mark Clouse: Yes, you know again, I think call it over the years of doing this. I'm always a little hesitant to direct the gross margin, but I do think the way I would expect the building blocks to work is, we do think inflation is a bit front-loaded. We do expect that to have some moderating effect over the balance of the year. The investment profile doesn't really have a major spike in any of the quarters. I mean, I think if there was a little bit more, it would be around this holiday period which kind of sits a bit in Q1 and Q2. So, there's a little bit of an uptick there as I talk about some of the investment in Snacks, in particular. So that might be a little bit of distortion early on, but I think for the most part we expect this kind of profile of an inflation rate that's a little higher than our base productivity offset by cost savings of which half will go to the business and again that half part is in gross margin part of it's in admin costs and then of course the other half of that cost savings is going into the investment. So that $140 million to $150 million, half of it is going to the bottom line spread between margin and below margin and the other half goes to fund the investment uptick that we're making. So that's kind of the way the year looks and for the most part I think on the gross margin side, you'll see pretty steady pacing through the year.
Chris Growe: Okay. Again, very good color. Thanks so much for your help there.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Campbell’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell’s fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2019 earnings call. As usual, we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who’ll participate in a listen-only mode. Turning to slide two. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, concurrently with the filling of our 10-K in few weeks, we plan to file an 8-K which will recast historical quarterly and full year unaudited financial information, reflecting the discontinued operations as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the GAAP presentation. On slide three, you can see the agenda we will cover today. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter, our progress in fiscal 2019 against our strategic initiatives and provide his perspective on our outlook for fiscal '20. Then, Anthony will walk through the financial details, as well as our guidance for fiscal 2020. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. This morning, I will make high level comments about our combined results for ease of comparison to our most recently provided sales and earnings guidance. Anthony will bridge the various components of our results, including both continuing and discontinued operations, given the sale of Campbell Fresh and the pending divestitures of the Campbell International businesses. I’m pleased to say that in the fourth quarter, we continued to do what we said we would. This quarter showed meaningful improvement in our performance sequentially and versus a year ago, across many measures. Additionally, Q4 completes a fiscal year where we’ve made material progress on our strategic plan across the business. First and foremost, it starts with our performance. We are delivering results that are aligned with or exceeding our expectations, which is a critical first step in our journey to sustainable, profitable growth. We have demonstrated improved operating discipline, and this marks the fourth consecutive quarter this year that we have met or exceeded our own financial goals. It also marks the first quarter we delivered topline, gross margin and EPS growth in the year. Definitely a great way to finish. Second, we are well on our way to completing the divestitures of the noncore businesses we identified last year. Shutting the underperforming fresh businesses that added complexity to the portfolio and working toward closing on the two transactions related to Campbell International, both of which are expected to close in the first half of fiscal '20. This will do two critical things: it will improve our balance sheet and better focus the business. In total, we expect net proceeds of approximately $3 billion from these transactions, which will be used to significantly reduce our debt. Finally, we’ve also developed a new straightforward strategy, which brings clear focus on one geography and two core businesses. It’s a simple yet powerful concept that enables us to concentrate our resources and investment on the things that matter most. This includes returning resources and innovation to our iconic meals and beverage brands, like our Campbell Soup business and accelerating support on our unique and differentiated snacking portfolio, including the Pepperidge Farm and Snyder’s-Lance brands. We have accomplished a great deal this year, and I’m very satisfied with our progress. We have clearly stabilized the Company from where we were a year ago and delivered improved performance over the course of the year. By no means are we declaring victory. We have much to do to continue to strengthen our businesses, improve our marketing and innovation, and demonstrate executional excellence consistently. However, the actions we have taken have removed a great deal of unpredictability around our business and created a solid foundation to build upon, going forward. Now, let’s cover Q4 in more detail on slide six. This is the best quarter we have delivered in terms of performance versus prior year and provide some encouragement for the potential of our new focused portfolio, demonstrating what the business is capable of delivering. Looking at our combined results from the quarter, sales increased 2%. Performance in the quarter reflected continued strength in the Snacks segment where organic sales increased 4% with contributions coming from across the business. In fact, we grew or held share in eight of our top nine snack power brands. Meanwhile, the meals and beverage business continued to stabilize, delivering 1% organic sales growth. We also made progress on gross margin in the quarter, another important proof point in our turnaround. Adjusted gross margin increased 60 basis points in the quarter, a material improvement versus the third quarter year-to-date, which was down significantly. We have also continued to successfully deliver our multiyear enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, including the Snyder’s-Lance synergies. For the year, that brings our total savings to $165 million from continuing operations. We have achieved $560 million in savings program-to-date and continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal '22. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion, reflecting major improvements in working capital as we continue to demonstrate increased discipline and effectiveness and optimizing our working capital. Turning to a discussion of our segments on slide eight. Let’s start with Meals & Beverages, which continued to stabilize. Results improved this quarter with organic sales up 1% behind the performance of soup, Prego and Pace. Declines in operating earnings moderated as we continued to drive bass enablers and benefited from our selective pricing actions, which were more than offset by cost inflation. While we are encouraged by the performance to finish the year, we do not want to get ahead of ourselves. As we told you at Investor Day, there is much work ahead in fiscal '20. We still expect some volatility as we invest in the business and also make important choices to strengthen the portfolio for the future. In U.S. soup, sales increased 3% with gains in condensed and ready-to-serve soups, which is encouraging. Obviously, the fourth quarter is the smallest of the year. And it’s important to keep in mind that we’re wrapping significant declines from a year ago. However, it’s also great to see in-market consumption increase 1.4% in the quarter with strong performance across the portfolio. This represents a significant improvement over the first three quarters. Turning to slide nine. Across the board, we made progress with our fiscal '19 soup plans, which called for improving the fundamentals of the business, including improved retail engagement, pricing and promotion and marketing. This is the foundation we’ll build upon as we execute the next phase of the plans in fiscal '20 and fiscal '21. As we said, we’re taking a full swing at soup with an integrated and holistic plan. Here’s how we’re thinking about soup over the next two years. In fiscal '20, on the plus side, we’ll be injecting much needed investment in the businesses across quality, marketing and selective merchandising, including returning our highly relevant Pacific brand to growth. We also hope to validate the new vision for the soup aisle that was outlined at Investor Day while continuing to strengthen important retailer relationships. We do expect some mitigating headwinds as we continue to rationalize the portfolio and increase some unsustainable promoted price points. As we’ve said previously, we expect a more stable soup business in fiscal '20 with an improved trajectory in fiscal '21 that builds upon the F’20 learnings and increases in investment in areas that are working or redirects as necessary, complemented by a more robust innovation pipeline. This change will not happen overnight. The soup plan is a three-year journey with fiscal '20 being the second phase. In other parts of the division, I’m pleased with the performance of our sauces business. As we outlined in June, we have work to do on the Prego and Pace brands, but they are responding well to the renewed focus and support. Prego delivered strong in-market performance in the quarter with consumption growth and share gains. In fact, Prego has regained the share lead in the pasta sauce category, adding another number one brand to our roster. Meanwhile, Pace performed well in Q4, fueled by increased merchandising and effective customer programs. Turning to V8, the shelf-stable beverages category remained under pressure. While there are challenges in this business, its foundation is strong and its plant-based positioning is on trend. V8 is the number one vegetable juice in the U.S. and the number two overall branded shelf-stable juice. We are continuing to work our way through some of the more disadvantaged parts of the portfolio, particularly Splash, which is driving the majority of the decline in the quarter, and reshaping this business around the plant-based consumer macro trend and our single-serve business. That’s our biggest opportunity with V8 Original and the differentiated V8 +Energy and hydration lines, all of which tap in to the plant-driven benefits consumers are seeking. Let’s take a look at our Snacks segment on slide 11. This was another very good quarter for the business as we continue to drive strong sales performance with organic sales increasing 4%. I feel very good about the steady progress of the integration of the businesses, building on the complementary strengths of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder’s-Lance. This year, we have over-delivered our value capture while simultaneously unlocking the growth potential of this unique and differentiated portfolio by maintaining our momentum in Pepperidge Farm and applying our proven growth model to Snyder’s-Lance. Our performance was balanced across Snacks. As I mentioned earlier, eight of our nine power snack brands grew or maintained share in the quarter. The Snacks business is really hitting its stride on both the top and bottom-line behind increased marketing investments to fuel sales growth, and efficiencies and enablers benefiting operating profit. I continue to be impressed with the proven growth model of Pepperidge Farm. This marks the 19th consecutive quarter of organic growth of Pepperidge with sales again increasing mid-single-digits behind strong marketplace performance across all the major brands. Goldfish continued to perform well with increases on the core business. Fresh bakery continued its strong growth trajectory, fueled by the renovation of Swirl and new line extensions on buns and rolls. Farmhouse cookies also had double-digit consumption gains. Now, let’s turn to the Snyder’s-Lance side of the portfolio. Marketplace performance was improved this quarter, especially against our power brands. In particular, we’re very pleased with the response of Cape Cod and Kettle to increase marketing, which drove consumption and share growth. In addition, the new campaign in Snyder’s of Hanover is making a material difference as that business continues to improve. Now, on slide 13, beyond the power brands that we’re investing in for growth, the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio also includes what have been historically referred to as partner brands, brands that we distribute but do not own; and allied brands, regional brands that we own but are noncore. Both play a very important role by providing distribution scale and efficiency. We remain committed to this business, but in the quarter, our Snacks results include about a 1 point headwinds from these brands. Within this business, there are nearly 2,000 SKUs. We’re going to better prioritize select partners to reduce complexity and improve execution, while maintaining the vast majority of this business. Looking ahead, we expect a similar headwind in fiscal '20. Let’s dig into the progress of our integration and value capture. I’m more than satisfied with the pace and progress of the integration. In fact, we over-delivered synergies every quarter this year. The over-delivery in the quarter and for the full year is the result of very strong performance in the three areas we’ve discussed previously: Synergies and procurement, specifically packaging; the consolidation of the sales headquarters and related operations; and driving operational efficiency in manufacturing. In addition, the leadership team continues to do an excellent job in building a winning culture across the combined businesses. Next, on slide 15, I want to provide which should be one of our final updates on the divestitures we identified last August. In June, we announced the agreement to sell the Kelsen business to an affiliate of Ferrero; and in August, we announced the sale of the rest of Campbell International to KKR. We expect these divestitures to be completed in the first half of fiscal '20. The sale of Campbell International was a long and complex process, but we are confident that the end result generated the greatest value from these assets. In total, we will receive $2.5 billion for the Campbell International businesses. When you combine that with the divestiture of the Fresh businesses, we expect total net proceeds of approximately $3 billion, which will be used to significantly reduce our debt. In addition to improving the balance sheet, the divestiture of these businesses allow us to focus our resources on our two core North American businesses, which is already having a positive impact on our efficiency and performance. As we outlined at Investor Day, fiscal '19 was a reset year and fiscal '20 will be a year of stabilization, which will include the investments we need to better support the businesses going forward. This translates to what I would characterize as relatively flat with some areas of modest improvement. This guidance reflects the next step in our journey to sustainable, profitable growth. As I’m sure you all read in our press release yesterday, we announced that Anthony DiSilvestro will be leaving Campbell. This will be his final call as the Chief Financial Officer of the Campbell Soup Company. He will be succeeded by Mick Beekhuizen who is joining us from Chobani. Start of the new fiscal year and the near completion of the divestiture, provides an opportune time to make this change. Anthony will stay on board until mid-October to ensure we have smooth and seamless transition to Mick. Anthony has made many important contributions during his more than two decades with Campbell. He’s enjoyed a remarkable career and played a significant role in shaping the Company. I want to personally thank him for his partnership over the last several months in getting me up to speed on the business, for his leadership on the divestitures and driving the cost savings program, and for the excellence and execution that has contributed to our improved performance this year. I speak for all of our employees and the Board when I wish Anthony the best as he moves on from Campbell. With that, let me turn it over to Anthony.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Mark. Before getting into the details, I’ll make a few comments on our performance in the quarter. Overall, we had a good quarter with results exceeding our expectations. We are pleased with improving trends and our gross margin performance as we benefited from costs and productivity savings as well as from net price realization. Our cost savings program continued good progress as we achieved $45 million in savings in the quarter from continuing operations, bringing the year-to-date total to $165 million and the program-to-date total to $560 million. We are pleased with the progress on our divestiture program, having recently announced agreement to sell the Campbell International businesses. Completing the divestiture program will enable us to focus on our core North America market. And with anticipated proceeds of approximately $3 billion, we will significantly reduce our debt level. Lastly, as we announced this morning, we are providing our 2020 guidance for continuing operations. As we discussed at our Investor Day in June, we expect stable performance in 2020 as we make the investments necessary to achieve long-term growth. I’ll now review our detailed results. In my discussion, I’ll focus primarily on the results for continuing operations. However, as we did last quarter, we will provide combined results, consistent with the basis of our previous guidance. In this case, we will combine the results of continuing operations and the results of Campbell International. I’ll start with continuing operations. For the fourth quarter, net sales on an as reported basis increased 2% to approximately $1.8 billion. Organic sales also increased 2% with gains in Snacks, as well as in Meals & Beverages. Adjusted EBIT of $252 million increased 1% as sales gains and gross margin improvement were partly offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 14% or $0.05 to $0.42 per share, primarily due to a lower adjusted tax rate and a reduction in interest expense, driven by strong cash flow and proceeds from the Campbell Fresh divestiture. For the full year, net sales from continuing operations on an as supported basis increased 23% to $8.1 billion, benefiting from acquisitions, while organic net sale were comparable to the prior year, as gains in Snacks were offset by declines in Meals & Beverages. Adjusted EBIT from continuing operations increased 1% to $1.266 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.30 was down 8%, reflecting the incremental interest expense from acquisitions and a lower adjusted tax rate. And now, on a combined basis and consistent with our previous guidance, net sales for the quarter increased 2% to $2 billion, adjusted EBIT of $288 million increased 2% and adjusted EPS, which exceeded our expectations increased by 14% to $0.50 per share. For the full year, combined net sales increased 18% to $9.2 billion, reflecting the acquisitions of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods. Adjusted EBIT decreased 1% to $1.422 billion and adjusted net EPS of $2.63 declined 9% versus the prior year. Breaking down our net sales performance from continuing operations for the quarter. Organic net sales were up 2%, driven by a combination of increased volume and the benefit of recent pricing actions. Approximately 70 basis points of the sales growth is a result of lapping the lost sales related to the voluntary recall of Flavor Blasted Goldfish crackers in July 2018. Volume gains were driven by snacks, while pricing gains were achieved across our two segments. Promotional spending was flat year-over-year, while the impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. As we refocus our portfolio on North America, we would expect currency translation impact to be minimal. All-in, our as reported net sales were up 2%. We are pleased with our gross margin results as we continue to achieve sequential improvements in performance. For continuing operations, our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 60 basis points to 33.7%. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 320 basis points. On a rate basis, input prices increased approximately 4%, reflecting higher prices on steel cans, vegetables, aluminum and wheat. Going the other way, our ongoing supply chain productivity program contributed 140 basis points and our cost savings program added 130 basis points to gross margin expansion. Net pricing contributed 50 basis points as we benefited from list pricing actions across several key categories and from lapping costs incurred related to the Flavor Blasted Goldfish recall last year. Reflecting strong sales gains in U.S. soup, mix was favorable by 60 basis points, bringing the gross margin percentage to 33.7%. Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses increased 10% in the quarter, primarily reflecting increased marketing investment on Snacks and higher incentive compensations, driven by improved performance, partly offset by benefits from cost savings initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 5% to $139 million, due primarily to the increased incentive compensation expense, partly offset by the benefits from cost savings initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.05 from $0.37 in the prior year quarter to $0.42 per share. On a currency neutral basis, adjusted EBIT had no impact on EPS as our increase in sales and gross margin were offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. Net interest expense declined by $5 million a $0.01 positive impact to EPS as we have used our strong cash flow to reduce debt. Adjusted EPS benefited from a lower adjusted effective tax rate, adding $0.02 to EPS. Our adjusted effective tax rate declined by 4.2 points to 25.6%, benefiting from the reduced U.S. Federal rate. And lastly, currency translation had no impact on EPS this quarter, completing the bridge to $0.42 per share. Now, turning to our segment results. In Meals & Beverages, organic sales increased 1%, reflecting sales gains in U.S. soup, Prego, and Pace, partly offset by declines in V8 beverages. Sales of U.S. soup increased 3% versus the prior year, driven by gains in ready-to-serve and condensed soups. Segment operating earnings declined 3% to $151 million. The decline was driven primarily by cost inflation, and higher incentive compensation expense, partly offset by supply chain productivity gains, the benefits of cost savings initiatives and the benefit of list pricing actions. Here’s a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending July 28, 2019, the category declined 1.5%. Our sales in measured channels including Pacific declined 3.7% and our market share declined by 130 basis points. Private label sales grew 5.9% with a market share gain of 120 basis points. All other branded players collectively experienced a sales decline of 80 basis points, gaining 20 basis points of market share. As shown on the chart, our consumption and share trends are improving. For the 13-week period ending July 28, our sales in measured channels increased 140 basis points with share declining just 90 basis points. In Campbell Snacks, sales in the quarter increased 3% to $967 million. Organic sales increased 4%. This performance reflects continued momentum in Pepperidge Farm bakery products, Kettle Brand potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Late July snacks, as well as gains in Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers, as the company laps the negative impact of the voluntary recall in July 2018. As Mark mentioned, eight of our nine snack power brands grew or held market share in the quarter. Segment operating earnings increased 2% to $133 million as sales growth, cost savings and productivity gains were probably offset by cost inflation, increased marketing investment and higher incentive compensation. Cash from operations for fiscal 2019 increased by $93 million to about $1.4 billion, reflecting significant improvements in working capital performance and higher cash earnings. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $384 million, $23 million lower than the prior year. Dividends paid in the amount of $423 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. Net debt of $8.533 million declined by $1.135 million, compared to the prior year as positive cash flow generated by the business, and proceeds from the divestiture of Campbell Fresh were used to reduce debt. We expect to close the divestitures of the Campbell International businesses in the first half of 2020, and we’ll use the proceeds to further reduce our debt level. We are very pleased with the progress we have made on our divestiture program. On Campbell International, we now have agreement to sell our Kelsen business for $300 million and the balance of Campbell International for $2.2 billion. As mentioned, we anticipate closing on the international transactions in the first half of fiscal 2020. Together with the divestiture of our Campbell Fresh division, which was completed in the fourth quarter, we expected divestiture proceeds of approximately $3 billion. And as discussed, these will be used to significantly reduce our debt level. The results of these businesses are now being reported as discontinued operations. For fiscal 2020, we are providing guidance for continuing operations, which excludes the results of Campbell International and Campbell Fresh. Fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year, including one additional week, which is included in our guidance and has about a 2 percentage-point impact across net sales, EBIT and EPS. With our portfolio now focused in North America, currency translation is not expected to have a material impact as non-U.S dollar sales are now less than 10% of the total. Net sales are expected to increase 1% to 3%, reflecting the extra week, growth in Snacks and improving trends in Meals & Beverages. Adjusted EBIT is expected to increase by 2% to 4%, reflecting sales growth and benefits from our cost and synergy program and productivity gains, which are funding planned increases in marketing support. Adjusted EPS is expected to increase by 9% to 11%. As I’ll detail for you in a moment, EPS is benefiting from the use of divestiture proceeds including those anticipated from Campbell International to reduce debt. Although we don’t provide quarterly guidance, I will say that we expect our first half results to be negatively impacted by accelerated marketing investments to support our snacks business and to improve the performance of U.S. soup. In addition, we expect cost inflation rates to moderate gradually throughout the year. Given the many moving parts to our financial reporting, we thought it would be helpful to provide additional details behind our EPS guidance. As discussed, 2019 results are a combination of discontinued and continuing operations. From the 2019 continuing operations base of $2.30, EPS will benefit from several drivers in 2020. First, interest expense will benefit from the use of C-Fresh divestiture proceeds and the anticipated proceeds from the international divestitures. Based on our anticipated closing in the first half, we expect an interest benefit of approximately $0.16 per share. This estimate is based on currently anticipated closing date. And to the extent those change, we will update you. Next, the additional week will add approximately $0.04 per share, while growth on the base business, on a like-for-like basis add $0.00 to $0.05. Together, these drivers get us to our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance for continuing operations of $2.50 to $2.55. If you’re using these numbers to calculate the dilution from our divestitures, please note that the interest benefit shown here is only a partial year. There’s an estimated incremental $0.07, which will wrap into 2021. Turning to some of the key assumptions underlying our guidance, although moderating somewhat, we expect cost inflation to be approximately 3% in 2020. As we’ve successfully delivered in the past, we expect ongoing supply chain productivity gains, excluding the benefit of our cost savings program, of approximately 2% to 3% of cost of products sold. Against our cost savings program, we expect to deliver an additional $140 million of cost savings, including a meaningful contribution from Snyder’s-Lance synergies. Including the anticipated benefit of divestiture proceeds, we are forecasting interest expense in the range of $290 million to $300 million. Below-the-line and comparable to this year, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24%. We are forecasting capital expenditures of approximately $350 million, a decrease from 2019 spending, reflecting the divestiture program. Lastly, and as Mark mentioned, I will be leaving the Company to pursue other interests. I have very much enjoyed my time here, and certainly wish the Company all the success going forward. That completes my review. And now, I’ll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We’ll be happy to take your questions. Candice, let’s open the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. And Anthony, all the best going forward, thanks for your help over the years. Just, two quick things. One would be, Mark, I realize fiscal '20 is not yet the year where you have everything firing in terms of reframing the soup category. Perhaps you could run through maybe just sort of top two or three things in that core soup business that we should be focused on really in order to monitor the progress as we go through sort of the coming soup season. Maybe those key benchmarks or metrics that we can sort of focus on, again to monitor the progress. And then, just second, as we think through the relationship between inflation and productivity and such, it seems like you’re looking for, I would assume a productivity and maybe some incremental pricing to about help offset what you expect inflation to be. Is it right to think that that leaves the cost and synergy savings really as the -- what’s -- what you have as flexibility to reinvest behind the business this coming year, kind of that $140 million bucket and such? Thanks so much.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Well, let me start with the soup question first. And maybe, it’ll be helpful to give a little bit of context on what we’re seeing in the marketplace right now, and then how that kind of bleeds into the 2020 assumptions. So, on the positive side, a couple of things that we’re finding are very helpful. And it was great to see -- albeit the summer and the fourth quarter, it was great to see growth on soup. It’s the first time in quite a number of years that we’ve been able to drive growth on the business. And I think, if you look under what’s really driving that, I think, there’s three things. The first is, the power of partnering again with our retailers to really collaborate with them on creating a vision and direction for the category and for the business. And I think, in many ways that is translating into a far better performance and market better merchandising, better reflection of our innovation that we do have, and a good understanding of the right merchandising and pricing combination. I think, the other thing that’s been very effective has been the almost relaunch of Well Yes! behind the convenience platform. In the fourth quarter that business was up 34% and added 0.3 of a share point. And so, although we’re light on innovation, as we’ve said in the past, I think, the things that we are doing are working well. And so, I would expect those positive drivers to carry forward into the 2020 season with the addition of a couple meaningful adds to that. So, our marketing and the strength of both the investment levels, as well as the quality of that communication, I’m very excited about, as well as the investment and quality, and some additional investments in pricing and the shelf, while we continue to cultivate those relationships with partners -- our retail partners, as we go forward. I do think though, there are a couple of headwinds that will moderate that. And I’ll get to the kind of benchmarks at the end. If you look under the results today, you do see a fair amount of contribution in the headwinds related to distribution. So, where this is coming from is some of the flankers on the ready-to-serve side, as well as what I would call some of the tail, if you will, of the condensed business. The majority of this distribution loss is not regrettable losses, but it is providing a bit of a headwind to the business. I do think that will moderate as we go through 2020, but I do expect still some headwinds from that. And then, on the merchandising side, it will be a little bit of a balancing act. I expect to see us more aggressive on businesses like broth, where we’re seeing a lot more competitive tension, especially with private label. And I would see promoted prices in some places where there are just unsustainable levels going up, which I know in the -- and as we expect in the near term, we’ll see a little bit of headwinds from there. So, as you go into the season, I think, you’ll want to look for, one, the executional performance of seeing the additional supported merchandising and market the quality of that, the improvement on the products, and the improved quality on the businesses, as well as a more balanced approach to pricing. And my expectation is that you should expect them to see a more stable performance through the season. I certainly am hoping, and I think if we hit things on all cylinders, we’ll see improvement in share as well. But, I also think we’re being prudent in setting expectations in a balanced way as we really validate some of the work we’re doing. But, I think going through the season, if you were to see a more stable performance and an improving trajectory on share, I think that would be a successful season and I think a great proof point on this next iteration of the business going forward. And then, Anthony, I don’t know if you want to take the second question. We can kind of do it together probably?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Andrew, thanks for the comment. I think the way to think about it is, on our $140 million of cost savings, think of about half of that going into costs and the other half going into marketing and SG&A. So, within gross margin, that combination of cost savings and productivity savings should be ahead of inflation. So, it gives us some slight improvement in gross margin percentage. And then, that will provide the fuel to reinvest back into the marketing line as we go into 2020.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I just would say, Andrew, as you think about that though, one of the things we’ve tried to do in this plan is, there’s a little bit in my mind, I would say, flexibility that we want relative to pricing and making sure that our price gaps remain within the targets that we want them. So, I think we’ve -- as you’ll note from how we’ve laid out guidance, we stopped short of guiding directly to gross margin because I do think we want a little bit of that flexibility. But, I think, the general balance of investment, as it relates to inflation and productivity, as Anthony laid out, is right. All I would say is, I want to leave us a little bit of flexibility where that investment might land, depending on how we see the environment unfold. Does that make sense?
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. It does, really appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. And, Anthony, best of luck from me as well. Thanks for all of your help over the years. Mark, on slide 13, I think it is, you highlighted, I think 17% of the snacking business being non-core, and sort of broke out how you think about classifying some of those assets. History might suggest that when companies do this, sometimes the signal is that some of these businesses are being considered for divestiture. So, I wasn’t sure if that’s what you were implying by breaking it out and emphasizing it in this way. But, I kind of wanted to just get a little bit more color on what you were -- on the messaging from that slide.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think, the point of it was I do think it’s more about the 11%, which is the partner and allied brands. I know everybody’s familiar in general with what those are, but we haven’t talked a lot about it. And I think, as we’ve gone through it, we’ve now spent a year or so running it. We recognize the importance of that business. But, I also would say, there is a tremendous amount of complexity that’s inherent with that. If you think about the addition, as I said in my comments of almost 2,000 SKUs that we’re trying to manage, what I would tell you is there some really good parts of that business and there’s some other parts that are very low margin, adds a lot of complexity. And I think as we go forward and we really want to get this business set for the future, we’re going to balance that. So, focus on the parts of it that we really see is enhancing that efficiency and scale as it was originally set up to do. And there’s probably some parts of that that we’ll rationalize going forward. And I know, a lot of times as we reconcile the growth rate on Snacks, for example, in this particular quarter, our power brands on Snyder’s-Lance grew 3% in market, while the total Snyder’s-Lance business was up about 1.5% or so. And that difference I think is important just to understand that going forward, as I would expect that to continue going forward. The balance of the non-core businesses, which are primarily our Emerald nuts business and our Pop Secret business, are actually -- been pretty stable contributors. And right now, we’ll always kind of review the portfolio and look at the longer term desire to have the optimal mix. I think, right now, we’re feeling pretty good with that base business as we move forward, and we’ll continue to look at it. But more importantly for us I think and this messaging was really about understanding the partner and allied brands a little better.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. That’s helpful. And then, some of the efforts that you are making this year require a little bit of a buy-in, for lack of a better word, from your customers, right? Whether it comes to some on-shelf changes for where you’d like condensed to be placed or certain changes in RTS. And at the same time, I think by your own admission, there is a decent innovation slate coming, but most of it or the bigger one is coming next year. So, can you update us on sort of how your relationship is with those customers right now, and with all of those changes, and I guess I could mention sort of lifting some promotional prices as well? Right now, is everything going sort of swimmingly and as you expected or is there a little bit of pushback right now in the process?
Mark Clouse: I think, overall, it’s -- I would say it’s going very well. And in fact, I think, in many ways, is a little harder to quantify this as you get into the journey. But, the reality is, I think, in many ways, we’ve been absent from the dialogue strategically with our customers on the vision in the future for these businesses. And I think, as we’re getting back to the table, really rolling up our sleeves and starting to see investment come and a focus in a very different way, the receptiveness to work together has been very, very positive. And I think, a lot of times we’ve talked about the challenges in soup as a category. But remember, the significance of how big this category is and what it represents for center of store for most of the retailer universe, it’s critical that there is a vision and a plan for this. And so, as you look -- again, I get it, a summer quarter, but as you look at a quarter like Q4 where you see overall positive response, not just in our business, but also improvement in the overall category, it goes a long ways to keep people interested and engaged. Now, I will say, I think, as perhaps as appropriate, I think, a lot of the retail universe wants to see the results as I think all of us in the effectiveness of some of the programs and the plans we’re doing. But, as far as where we are in the journey right now and where we’ve come from, I really could not be more pleased with the receptiveness and the collaboration of our retail partners.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everybody. And all the best from me as well, Anthony. Thank you. So, I guess, first question, just -- Anthony, if you could just give us or let us know, net leverage on a pro forma basis. So, like once the proceeds are put to work, I’m getting around 3 times. Is that right?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Obviously, our target remains 3 times debt to EBITDA but we won’t quite get there with the current proceeds. We need a little more time with the base business generating positive cash flow. But, we will make a meaningful reduction when we get the proceeds in.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, I guess, Mark, as we’re thinking about that, you’re going to get closer to that target. How do you think about ongoing sort of returning cash to shareholders? Just the thoughts about dividend increases, or share repurchases, just how you kind of think about that going forward?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean, I think, as we get to more stable footing, we will continue to look at the best deployment of capital. And again, I think, all of those are areas that we will continue to explore and make sure that we’re trying to optimize value, while also -- again, I’ve said this before, although I think it will come in a very different context, perhaps than where we’ve been in the immediate past, but I do think there are going to likely be some opportunities for some tuck-in M&A as well. And as we go forward, we’ll begin to frame that in a little bit more clarity. But, I do think, I’d stop short to say right now what the priorities are. But, of course, our focus is going to be on maximizing shareholder value. And we’ll continue to look at all those options, and working with the Board to find the plans going forward. But certainly, it is good. And I think in many ways, as I think about '19, as we complete the year, I think one of the strongest elements of that -- of this year has been that we have taken a lot of that uncertainty for the business off the table. And so, whether that is the balance sheet, whether that is a much more diverse portfolio as it relates to International and the Fresh business, I think the good news for us is, our core business now and the predictability of it, relative to the variables that we’re controlling, I feel really good about that. And I think that I hope that will also be a strong statement for investors as well, as you’re thinking about how to view our business going forward. And although we’ve got some important proof points in '20 to deliver, taking some of that downside off the table, I think is a very good progress for us in a year that saw a lot of moving parts.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And if I can, just one last quick one, are there any stranded costs related to the divestitures that you’ll be absorbing this year that might go away next year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. And I think, we talked about this last quarter. There’s about $20 million with each business, both Campbell Fresh and Campbell International. I think, the way to think about it is that that becomes part of our addressable spend on the core, against which our cost savings program that’s going to address and get after.
Mark Clouse: Or said another way, Bryan, we contemplated to a certain degree those stranded costs as we went through the organizational redesign and restructure that we just rolled out a month ago. So, the progress to get there, but we certainly had visibility to that and thought about that and some of the design work we’ve been doing. 
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks for that. Have a great Labor Day. 
Mark Clouse: Yes, you too, Bryan. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. And Anthony, congrats on a great career at Campbell, and good luck on the next chapter. I’ve got a couple of questions. First, real quick, a housekeeping, kind of picking up where Mr. Spillane led us on the leverage. Can you give us your expectations for cash from operations in fiscal '20 and your best estimate of where you’re going to land from a leverage perspective by year-end?
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, a couple of comments to make on cash. We had a fantastic year this year on cash from operations and free cash flow. But, as you think about going forward, we don’t expect to be at the same level we are today. And first of all, two reasons. One is, Campbell Fresh was a positive cash flow generator; Campbell International was a positive cash flow generator. We won’t have those in the portfolio going forward. We had great progress on working capital this year. And so, although we expect to continue to reduce our working capital, probably not at the same pace that we did this year. So, that being said, we do expect to continue to generate significant positive cash from operations. That’s one of the attributes of this business. But, I don’t think we’re going to give you an exact number on that one. And in terms of the leverage ratio, I think, we’ll be meaningfully below 4 times debt-to-EBITDA by the end of 2020.
Jason English: Yes. And is the unwillingness to kind of frame the cash flow a factor of just too many moving pieces right now? I guess, I’m a little confused on why the lack of clarity on that.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I mean, we’re still working through it, in terms of finalizing our 2020 expectations for cash flow. So, we just need to work through it ourselves first and foremost.
Jason English: Okay. And the next question, coming back to soup. The last couple of years have been a bit anomalous just in terms of the cadence to your soup build because of the promotional support at retail, and historically, you’ve been much heavier shipping in the first quarter perhaps for soup season. With the improved relationships with retailers and the slightly more aggressive stance, should we expect this to be a more normalized year?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think so, Jason. We’re watching closely. I mean, one of the things we are realizing though is that -- and even if you look at this last quarter, we’ve been kind of I would say running a bit in front of consumption with our net sales and our shipments. And part of that is a little bit of what we’re lapping from a year ago. But, it is also a little bit of the recognition that as we strengthen our merchandising programs, the inventory levels that retailers are needing to support that is a little bit higher than it might have been historically. But, I do expect as we get into '20 to have a more normalized year on that, you’ll always see a bit of inventory that’s going to build in front of the season just because of the step-up in display and merchandising. But, I do think, as we kind of manage through the year, I don’t think you’ll see quite the volatility up and down as we did in '19.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning. And Anthony my best wishes to you as well. And thanks much for all your help over the years. I just wanted to ask a quick question if I could on Meals & Beverages. It’s a business that is stabilizing and you had a good fourth quarter performance, and that comes amidst, it seemed like little incremental spending this year. You talked about some of the factors that led to the better performance. But, I want to get a sense of -- given the success you’re seeing already and your desire to spend more aggressively in fiscal '20, do you expect that to really take a step forward in fiscal '20? And if I can relate to that, how much spending -- you talked about $70 million, if I recall, or so, at the Investor Day, does that -- all of that come through in fiscal '20 or is that going to spread over the future?
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, a couple of things just to ground back on the numbers. So, the $70 million we talked about was the soup investment. Overall, if you include the Snacks business and the broader Meals & Beverage business, it’s a bigger number. What we said was about a half -- about half of our cost savings target over the next couple of years is what we’ve carved out, if you will, as the investment dollars we’re planning. I do think you’ll see that a bit more frontloaded in 2020 as we talked about it, which is a little bit of why I think the calibration of a more neutral year is expected. On Meals & Beverage, I do think there continues to be some puts and takes. We are encouraged by the support that we’re seeing across the businesses. But, we do have some work, as we’ve said, to make sure that we’re doing the right things to set up the portfolio for the future, while getting that investment in place. And again, I do think an important aspect of this will be the contribution from innovation, which really is more of a '21 factor. I also think we’re trying to be a bit pragmatic in how we’re positioning expectations as we validate some of the work that we’re doing. And I think the good news is, if we’re successful, more comprehensively on many of these things, I do think you’ll see an improvement in that Meals & Beverage business as we go forward. And, I think, we will continue to update milestones along the way. But, certainly, seeing the performance on soup, seeing improvement in Prego and Pace, although V8 is still showing declines, I would tell you that the primary driver of that decline is Splash as we work through how we want to position that business for the future, which is including some rationalization on distribution and really trying to get that to a business that we think is the appropriate, manageable level, while we then pivot on support for the more plant-based messaging that we see on the core V8 business, as well as the V8 plus, which is energy and hydration, and our single-serve can business. So, again, I think, we’ve got really clear roadmaps now for these businesses. And I certainly hope that we continue to perform well. But, I do think, I want to be a bit balanced as we go forward until we validate some of this effort and some of the work. Does that make sense, Chris?
Chris Growe: Yes, absolutely does. Yes. That makes a lot of sense. That was good color. And that’s what I was looking for. Thank you. I have just one other quick one behind that if I could, which is, there was a comment about over-delivering on the value capture. You also said, the integration was on track. Are you getting savings more quickly or more savings? So, just trying to get my head around what over-delivering means there?
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think, it’s really savings more quickly. So, I think we’ve been able to execute on a few initiatives ahead of Pace. I don’t think, it’s truly incremental to the program. But, I do think, -- we’re obviously continuing to keep that pressure on as we go into '20 to continue to try to move initiatives as fast as we can, as we want to unlock that and that’s the fuel for the investment that we need on the business. We’re pleased that we’re getting to it sooner. But, I would not say that we’re seeing it as truly incremental savings for the overall program.
Chris Growe: Okay. That’s good color too. Thanks so much for your time. And have a great weekend. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. And best wishes to you, Anthony. Just a couple of clarifying things, Mark. The price adjustments that you’re making in soup, it sounds like there is several things. There are some deep discounts you want to walk away from, but then you’re -- are you also saying that there is going to be some items where you want to reduce price, to become more competitive? And then, secondly, on soup, can you give us a little more specifics on the quality improvements that you want to make and where you think there’s quality gaps versus competition?
Mark Clouse: Yes, great question. So, your depiction of the pricing is exactly right. So, to give you a little bit more color on that, I do think, especially as you look at our Chunky business, I would say we in the absence of some of the support in marketing, I think some of the promoted price points that we’ve seen are more aggressive than what I would say is appropriate and sustainable. I mean, one of the things that as I’ve said before that’s quite powerful about Chunky is the quality of that product and its ability to really be -- to beat essentially any of the other ready-to-eat soups, on a quality perspective. And so, when we’re dealing it so deep on price, I just don’t think that’s the right platform. Now, what we will try to do is balance a little bit of that with some frequency and then, of course, a much more robust marketing program around it. And I think though and as we’ve all seen this before, I also don’t want to overset those expectations, as I know there will be some perhaps short-term impact of that as we move off it. But, it’s absolutely the right thing to do to create the margin stability and really the positioning of the brand going forward. Conversely, I think if you look at broth where we’re seeing the greatest amount of competition, I think there, although I would not say we want to get deeper on promoted price points, I do think our frequency has opportunity to increase as we make sure that those price gaps, especially in critical parts of the season are more competitive. And so, I think on both the broth business and selectively on condensed where we still see a little bit of outlier as it relates to particular price gaps, I think, you’ll continue to see us, again, not so much on lowering absolute price points, but adding appropriate frequency on merchandising. So, that’s the balancing act on pricing. And your second question is actually a great combination to that discussion on pricing, which is quality. So, the places where I think we have the greatest competitive pressure, whether it’s on broth or whether it’s on condensed is where you’re going to see a significant step up in quality. And that will come both from some product improvements and investment. So, think of enhancing ingredients. And again, as I said at Investor Day, we’re really focused on our four core SKUs and flavors on condensed which are cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, chicken noodle and tomato. So, across all four of those, you’ll see a combination of improvement in quality, while also really heightening some of the inherent benefits of the products within the existing formulations that we think are much stronger differentiation than we’ve been using in the past, whether that is double stock and simmer time on broth, whether it’s six tomatoes in every can of tomato soup, there’s a variety of things that we think we can really use to help. And we’ve done extensive research now too to really understand especially on our lapsed users. So, the consumers that are either trading to lower price offerings or departing our segments, what is really driving that behavior, and we’ve targeted the quality improvements to really try to answer those questions. And so, we’re feeling really good about that. And I think most of that will be ready as we go in the season. There will be a few of the quality improvements that will either flow in, in the back half of the season or a couple that likely won’t be fully in place, until '21. But, I am feeling good about what we’ll have to work with as we go into the '20 soup season.
Robert Moskow: It’s very helpful. And before I let you go here, you mentioned some flanker products in RTS and condensed that lost distribution. Is that new since the Analyst Day or was that already contemplated when we met?
Mark Clouse: It was already contemplated. But, I do think, as we start to try to help everybody see the detail of the soup results, because we’re all obviously going to be watching it very closely. What I’m really trying to do is make sure we’re really crystal clear on what the puts and takes are, and to a certain degree why are our expectations what they are. I do think, there are some elements within that distribution that again I do expect it to mitigate. And of course once we get the innovation going, that’s going to be a big help. But, I do think, there are some things within both of those businesses that I would expect to see, especially in the first half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-06-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell’s third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. As usual, we’ve created slides that accompany our earnings presentation. You will find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who will participate in a listen-only mode. Turning to Slide 2, today we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, we filed an 8-K this morning, which recaps historical quarterly and year-to-date unaudited financial information, reflecting the discontinued operation and changes in our segment reporting, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the GAAP presentation. On Slide three, you can see the agenda we will cover today. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO and Anthony DiSilvestro, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his perspective on our performance in the quarter and then progress we have made against our strategic initiatives. Then Anthony will walk through the financial details of the quarter, as well as our fiscal 2019 financial guidance. One final item before we open our discussion for the quarter, we would like to remind analysts and institutional investors that we will hold our 2019 investor Day at Campbell's world headquarters in Camden on Thursday, June the 13th. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. For clarity, this morning I will make high level comments about our total company performance, described as total combined results in our press release, as it reflects how we manage the business during the quarter and enables an apples-to-apples comparison against our past performance. Anthony will bridge the various components of our results, including both continuing and discontinued operations given the announced sale of Campbell Fresh. At a high level, much like last quarter, we are doing what we said we would. Throughout the third quarter, we continue to make steady progress against the key priorities we outlined last August in our strategic and portfolio review, including stabilizing our in-market performance, integrating the Snyder's Lance business and accelerating growth in our U.S. snacks portfolio. We also continue to deliver our enterprise cost savings program, while focusing and optimizing our portfolio through divestitures. I'm even more encouraged that in this quarter, we delivered results that were ahead of our expectations. This marks the third consecutive quarter this year, where we have met or exceeded our goals, which is a necessary first step in our journey to deliver steady and dependable results. Based on our performance through three quarters and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we now expect adjusted net EPS to increase from our previous guidance range of $2.45 to $2.53 per share to $2.50 to $2.55 per share, reflecting improvements in our business, as well as the expected impact of the Campbell Fresh divestiture. Looking at our total combined results in the quarter. Sales increased 12% and organic sales within continuing operations were comparable to the prior year. We had stable top line performance with organic sales trends improving in the quarter relative to the first half. Performance in the quarter reflected strength within global biscuits and snacks, driven by the continued growth of the U.S. snacks portfolio. Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's Lance grew share in the majority of their core brands. Meanwhile, the meals and beverage business is beginning to show signs of stabilization. This is clearly a work in progress, but I'm encouraged by the improved trends. We also made progress on gross margin in the quarter, an important proof point in our turnaround. Adjusted combined gross margin declined 40 basis points in the quarter, a material improvement versus the first half, which was down 460 basis points. The Q3 decline was driven by the negative mix impact of the Snyder's Lance acquisition and cost inflation. However, ongoing productivity improvements continued strong execution on our base cost savings programs, including the value capture of the Snyder's Lance synergies, we're able to mitigate a significant amount of the headwinds. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share declining compared to a year ago, but stronger than our expectations. The team has continued to successfully execute our multi-year enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we delivered $55 million in savings including the Snyder's Lance synergies. That brings year-to-date savings to $150 million, which is ahead of our original plan of $120 million. We now expect to deliver $180 million in cost savings in fiscal 2019, including savings from Campbell Fresh. This will help offset costs headwinds we’re managing, while still delivering our commitments. And going forward, will serve as fuel for investing back in the business for growth. Another area of emphasis for the company is cash flow from operations, which year-to-date increased to $1.1 billion, reflecting major improvements in working capital. We continue to demonstrate increased discipline and effectiveness in optimizing our working capital and capital spending. Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide 9, let's start with our meals and beverages segment. Performance continues to be mixed across our brands, but our results were ahead of our expectations for the quarter. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year compared to declines of 3% in the first half of fiscal 2019. The meals and beverage business is showing signs of stabilization, particularly from a profitability perspective. Declines in operating earnings moderated in the quarter as we continued to deliver base enablers, decreased inefficient promotional spending and benefited from our recent pricing actions. While we are encouraged by the improved sales and profit trends, there is much work ahead. On the U.S. soup business, sales were comparable to a year ago. In market consumption declined 2.6% in the quarter, a noticeable improvement in trend versus the first half of the year, which was down 5.5%. The difference between sales and in market consumption was driven by favorable timing on new revenue recognition accounting, which offset the consumption decline and some expected inventory reduction to start the quarter. We are successfully executing our fiscal '19 soup plans, which are focused on improving the fundamentals of the business, including pricing and promotion, marketing and innovation. This will establish a solid foundation that we can build upon in the future. In particular, I'm encouraged with the progress the team is making in stabilizing the condensed soup portfolio, and improving trends with key retail partners. In fact, over the latest four weeks, condensed soup consumption was positive. While we have started to chip away at the challenges, we still have much to do to position this business for improved and sustainable results. At our Investor Day next week, we will provide an overview of our go forward plans for how we will win in soup. As I stated last quarter, changing the trajectory of this important business will require a holistic approach to building consumer relevance through strengthening the product, the packaging and the pricing structure. Additionally, we will need to improve investment levels to support the brands, and we'll also need to optimize the network to establish a profitable and sustainable business model going forward. Change will not happen overnight, but we are building confidence that we can win in soup again. Turning to our global biscuits and snacks segment. Excluding the benefits of the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and the negative impact of currency, organic sales increased 1%, driven by the continued strong performance of Pepperidge Farm, fueled by fresh bakery and Goldfish crackers. This growth was partially offset by softness in our international snacks business. A year after completing the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, we are making steady progress on the integration of our U.S. snacks businesses, building upon the complementary strengths of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. The combined U.S. snacks business delivered strong sales growth across the portfolio with organic sales growing by low to mid-single digits. In the quarter, seven out of our 10 core brands grew or held share. I continue to be impressed with the proven snacks growth model at Pepperidge Farm. This marks the 18th consecutive quarter of organic growth with sales increasing mid single-digit behind strong marketplace performance across all major brands. A strong proof point to the capability of the team is the turnaround of a tough fresh bakery business as it continued to generate strong growth behind rolls and buns, the Farmhouse brand and the recent restage of our Swirl line where we improved both the product and the packaging. Our cracker business also gained momentum in the quarter, fueled by our largest brand Goldfish. We continue to gain share, driven by base sales growth and the introduction of the new epic crunch line. Now let's turn to the other half of the U.S. snacks business, the Snyder's-Lance portfolio. Marketplace performance was mixed in the quarter, but is trending upward in the last four weeks, following the activation and increased advertising investments in three of our core brands, Snyder's of Hanover, Kettle and Cape Cod. We continue to deliver strong performance on late July with consumption increasing by double digits. The snacks team has put in significant work to position these brands for long-term success, including building relevant consumer insights, accelerating ownable renovation, and innovation and increasing brand investments. The early signs are encouraging as we activated against these Snyder's-Lance brands. We expect performance trends on these brands to continue to improve in the fourth quarter as we deploy needed investment and leverage the best of both playbooks from Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. We expect to over deliver Snyder's-Lance value capture plans in fiscal 2019 and were on track to deliver against the expected savings of $295 million by the end of fiscal 2022. The over delivery rate in fiscal '19 is the result of capturing synergies and procurement, specifically in packaging, the consolidation of the sales headquarters and related operations and manufacturing efficiencies. Beyond the synergies I continue to be pleased with the progress and the pace of the overall integration. The snacks leadership team is created new ways of working, and instilled greater discipline across the combined division. The team is focused on achieving our savings targets, while also accelerating the growth of this key business. We look forward to sharing more details next week on our plans to fully unlock the growth of this advantage and unique snacking portfolio. Next, on Slide 11, I want to provide a quick update on divestitures. In April, we announced the agreement to divest the Bolthouse Farms business, which is the largest and the final business to be sold of the Campbell fresh segment. We expect the sale to be completed by the end of June. The divestiture process for Campbell international continues to progress, and we are evaluating multiple options with strategic and financial buyers. We remain fully committed to this process. Of course, as we consider all of our options, we will continue to remain disciplined to ensure that we achieve the appropriate value for this iconic business. With that, let me turn it over to Anthony for a detailed discussion of our financial results.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks Mark. Before getting into the details, I'll make a few comments in our performance this quarter. Overall, we had a good quarter as results exceeded our expectations. We are very pleased with improving trends in our gross margin performance as we benefited from net price realization, continuing productivity improvements and benefits from our cost savings program. On our cost savings program, we achieved $55 million of savings in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $150 million and the program to-date totaled to $605 million. Cost savings, which are benefiting both continuing and discontinued operations are ahead of our expectations, helping to offset higher transportation and warehousing costs and are one of the factors contributing to the increase in our EPS guidance. As previously announced, we have an agreement to divest the Bolthouse farms business for $510 million, which we expect to close this month. Together with the completed divestitures of Garden Fresh Gourmet and our U.S. refrigerated soup business, we will have completed the divestiture of our Campbell Fresh segment with anticipated proceeds totaling $565 million. Given this progress, we are now reporting the results of the Campbell Fresh segment as discontinued operations. Lastly, as we announced this morning, we are updating our 2019 guidance to reflect the classification of Campbell Fresh as a discontinued operation, and raising our full year EPS outlook given our third quarter performance and outlook for the fourth quarter. I’ll now review our detailed results. I'll primarily discuss the results for continuing operations. However, as we make the reporting transition, we will provide certain metrics combining continuing and discontinued operations to assist many of you who have modeled the business on that basis. I'll start with continuing operations. For the third quarter, net sales on an as reported basis increased 16% to approximately $2.2 billion, reflecting the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year as gains in the global biscuits and snacks segment were offset by a slight decline in meals and beverages. As previously discussed, we adopted new rules for revenue recognition in the first quarter. While overall, the impact of the accounting change was nominal, it was more impactful within meals and beverages. As we've previously stated, the full year impact of revenue recognition is not expected to be material. Adjusted EBIT of $316 million declined 2% as a currency neutral 8% decline on the base business was mostly offset by the incremental earnings from the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations declined by 5% or $0.03 to $0.56 per share, primarily due to adjusted EBIT declines in the base business, partly offset by lower adjusted tax rates. In the quarter, the change in revenue recognition had a positive impact of $0.01 per share. For the first nine months, net sales from continuing operations on an as reported basis increased 24% to $7.1 billion, benefiting from acquisitions, while organic net sales declined 1% compared to the prior year, due primarily to decline in the meals and beverages segment, partly offset by gains in global biscuits and snacks. Adjusted EBIT from continuing operations decreased 1% to $1,134 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.14 was down 13%. And now on a total combined basis, which includes amount recorded in discontinued operations. Net sales for the quarter increased 12% to 2.4 billion. Adjusted EBIT of $323 million increased 5% and adjusted net EPS declined by 20% or $0.14 to $0.56 per share. For the first nine months, combined net sales increased 21% to $7.8 billion, adjusted EBIT increased 1% to $1,134 billion and adjusted net EPS, which exceeded our expectations of $2.13, was down 19%. Breaking down our net sales performance from continuing operations for the quarter. Organic net sales were comparable to the prior year as lower volume, primarily in the meals and beverages segment was offset by lower promotional spending. The reduction in promotional spending benefitted net sales by 1 point, reflecting reduce spending in meals and beverages and 30 basis points positive impact from the accounting change on revenue recognition. There was a 1 point negative impact on net sales from currency translation this quarter. And the addition of Snyder's-Lance to the portfolio added 17 percentage points, bringing our as reported net sales increase to 16%. We've now wrapped the Snyder's-Lance acquisition as of March 26th. And beginning in the fourth quarter, Snyder's-Lance results will be included in our organic results for the full quarter. As I mentioned, we are pleased with our gross margin progress in the quarter. In continuing operations, while our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 2.1 percentage points in total that includes 1.7 point negative mix impact from the Snyder's lands acquisition. Excluding the diluted impact from the acquisition, our adjusted gross margin percentages declined just 40 basis points. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 350 basis points. On a rate basis, input prices increased approximately 4%, reflecting higher prices on steel can, vegetables, aluminum and wheat. Going the other way, our ongoing supply chain productivity programs contributed 150 basis points and our cost savings program added an additional 60 basis points of gross margin expansion. Net pricing contributed 110 basis points as we benefited from reduced trade spending, primarily to meals and beverages and list pricing actions across several key categories. Mix was slightly negative, bringing the gross margin percentage for continuing operations to 33.4%. At the bottom of the chart, we provided a gross margin bridge for continuing and discontinued operations on a combined basis. Our combined adjusted gross margin, excluding the acquisition impact, expanded by 90 basis points and in aggregate declined just 40 basis points to 31.6%. Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 11% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, marketing and selling expenses decreased, driven primarily by lower marketing overhead and selling expenses, including the benefits from our cost savings initiatives, partly offset by higher incentive compensation. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 28% to $151 million, due primarily to higher incentive compensation and the inclusion of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. The incentive compensation headwinds were due to lapping below target accruals in the prior year quarter and improved performance in fiscal 2019. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change from continuing operations between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.03 from $0.59 in the prior quarter to $0.56 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, adjusted EBIT had no impact on EPS as an 8% EBIT decline on the base business was offset by the addition of Snyder's-Lance to the portfolio. Adjusted net interest expense increased by $31 million, a $0.07 negative impact to EPS, driven by the increase in the debt level to fund our recent acquisitions and reflecting the impact of higher short-term interest rates. Our adjusted EPS benefited from a lower adjusted effective tax rate, adding $0.05 to EPS. Our adjusted effective tax rate declined 6.5 points to 24.9%, benefiting from lower U.S. federal rate. And lastly, there was a 1% negative impact in EPS from currency translation this quarter, completing the bridge to $0.56 per share. On this chart, we've also shown the EPS bridge for continuing and discontinued operations combined. On this basis EPS declined from $0.70 to $0.56 as the additional EBIT gains in C-Fresh were more than offset by a significant negative tax impact as the prior year within discontinued operations benefited from an unusually low rate. With adjusted EPS of zero from discontinued operations this quarter, EPS for continuing operations and the combined net EPS are both $0.56. Now, turning to our segment results. In meals and beverages, organic sales were comparable to the prior year, reflecting mixed results as gains in Canada were offset by declines in the beverages and Prego pasta sauce in the U.S. Segment sales benefited by 1 percentage point from the adoption of new accounting guidance for revenue recognition. Sales of U.S. soup were comparable to the prior year as gains in broth were offset by declines in condensed and ready to serve soups. Segment operating earnings decline 5% to $207 million. The decline was driven primarily by cost inflation and increased administrative expenses, partly offset by supply-chain productivity gains, lower promotional spending and the benefit of recent list pricing actions. Here is a look at U.S. veg soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52 week period ending April 28, 2019, the category declined by 2.7%. Our sales in measured channels, including Pacific, declined 5.4%. We had 57.8% market share for the 52 week period, down 160 basis points from the year ago period. Private-label grew share, increasing 130 basis points, primarily reflecting gains in broth brought finishing at 16.6%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.6%, increasing 30 basis points. Although, our share is down for the last 52 weeks, our share trends are improving as shown on the right side of this chart. In global biscuits and snacks, sales were $1,154 billion in the quarter, including an incremental $318 million from Snyder's-Lance through the anniversary of the acquisitions at the end of March. Excluding the benefit from the acquisition and the negative impact from currency translation, organic sales increased 1%. This performance reflects continued growth in Pepperidge Farm, driven by solid consumption gains in fresh bakery products and Goldfish crackers, partly offset by declines in the international biscuits' and snacks' operating segment. Overall, sales performance of the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio was in line with our expectations with solid consumption and market share gains for the first nine months of fiscal 2019. Segment operating earnings increased 15% to $139 million, reflecting 21 point benefit from the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, segment operating earnings declined as cost inflation and higher administrative expenses were partly offset by supply chain productivity gains. Cash from operations for the nine months increased by $124 million to $1,148 billion, reflecting significant improvements in working capital performance, partly offset or lower cash earnings. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $274 million, $51 million higher than the prior year, reflecting investments to support our cost savings initiatives and the addition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $400 million for fiscal 2019. We paid dividends totaling $318 million compared to $321 million in 2018, reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. Net debt of $9.78 billion declined $570 million compared to the prior year, as positive cash flow generated by the business has been used to reduce debt. We expect to close the divestiture of Bolthouse Farms this month and we'll use the proceeds to further reduce our debt level. And as mentioned, the divestiture process of our international business is ongoing. I wanted to provide an update on our cost savings program and the impact of the divestiture of Campbell Fresh. We achieved $55 million of incremental savings in the quarter, bringing the program to-date total to $605 million. Campbell Fresh has been a meaningful contributor to our cost savings program, having achieved $70 million to-date and together with future plans for an additional $25 million, comprised $95 million of our previously discussed total program target of $945 million. Adjusting for Campbell Fresh, our continuing operations have achieved $535 million of savings to-date, and we expect to deliver annualized savings of $850 million by 2022. Going forward, we will present the program for our continuing operations. We are updating our guidance to reflect our performance, which has exceeded our expectations, as well as a classification of Campbell Fresh as a discontinued operation. For net sales and off an adjusted 2018 base of $7,735 billion, which exclude C-Fresh, sales are now expected to be in the range of $9.75 billion to $9.125 billion. The expected growth rate on sales is slightly higher than the previous guidance as we've removed the diluted sales impact of Campbell Fresh. For adjusted EBIT, our 2018 base increases from $1,408 billion to $1,433 billion as we now exclude the EBIT loss in discontinued operations. From the new base of $1.433 billion, we expect 2019 adjusted EBIT to be in the range of $1,390 billion to $1,410 billion. As was the case in our previous guidance, this reflects anticipated EBIT declines on our base business, mostly offset by acquisitions. As shown in the last row, off the unchanged base of $2.87, we now expect adjusted net EPS in the range of $2.50 to $2.55, an increase from our previous range of $2.45 to $2.53. The increased EPS guidance reflects improved operating performance, as well as lower than expected interest costs. The adjusted EPS guidance range of $2.50 to $2.55 also applies to continuing operations as the current year outlook for discontinued operations is nominal. That completes my review. And now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Anthony. After nearly five months at Campbell, I am encouraged by the sequential improvements in our performance, energized about the potential of our great people and brands and confident in the plans we are developing to return this company to profitable sustainable growth over time. We are already taking tangible actions, but know that we have more work ahead. Our increased focus and discipline is translating into improved results. We will remain pragmatic and transparent about our plans and our progress against our key priorities. We look forward to sharing more of these plans at next week's Investor Day. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Mark will be happy to take your questions. Krystal, let's open the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. The line is open. 
Andrew Lazar: One quick one on organic sales for Anthony and then just a broader one for you, Mark. Anthony, even excluding the revenue recognition benefit in meals and beverages and soup, it still seems that shipments were again ahead of consumption. And I guess thinking ahead to the next quarter, do we expect a reversal of that in fiscal 4Q? Or would you expect soup sales to maybe better correlate with consumption in the quarter? And then more importantly, Mark, I guess I was hoping to ask you to maybe like take stock, if you will, or I guess no pun intended, but in soup season as a whole this past year versus the year before and really how that informs your thinking on this business, going forward, understanding that you're going to give a lot more of the details next week? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Let me answer that tag team the first part of the question. And I think it’s a little bit varied by category and business. I think relative to inventory position, and as Anthony pointed out in the beginning, the majority of the revenue recognition does land more squarely within the meals and beverage. So there is a distortion there that’s a little bit bigger than the overall 1 point or so that the company experienced. I do think underpinning that, there is probably about points of inventory as we finished through the month of April and through Easter where the sequence of the timing was really very close to the end of the quarter. As we look tough, the good news is we see May, and I think the latest four-week information will come after shortly. We're seeing very strong performance across the meals and beverages business as we kind get back into good relationships with several of our retailers we are starting to support the business. And so I'm feeling pretty good that as we think about the fourth quarter for that business that it will be more or less in line with consumption. It's possible as we watch inventory fluctuations that there may be a point in there that could be a negative headwind as we go through the quarter. But I think if we can continue to maintain some momentum on the businesses that will serve us well going through the quarter and then starting 2020 in a strong position. Did I miss anything, Anthony?
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, I would just add, overall, when you guys do the math for the implied Q4 sales performance and back out the impact of the acquisition, you'll see the base business is expected to decline for the full year minus 2% to minus 1%. And that includes a 1 point negative impact due to currency. So the organic performance for the full year minus 1 to flat and that implies fourth quarter of minus 1% to plus 1%. So something around neutral is our expectation overall for the fourth quarter. And then on the soup season, I guess what I would say is, I call it a healthy education, on both some positive and some probably further realization of what it's going to take to really support the business properly, going forward. I think on the good news side of it, we definitely did see improvement in areas where we were deploying support. So if you think about the support on condensed, specifically around cooking, if you think about the support that was in place around the launch of some of the sipping soups around the Well Yes! brand and also some of the return to advertising support of Chunky, all of those businesses moderated their trends, but they didn’t swing to the positive or neutral area. And certainly, continuing to lose share is not the objective going forward for those businesses. So although, I think we were able to moderate and see some impact, I do think it continues to speak to the need for a broader, more holistic strategy, as I've talked about before, with perhaps stronger calls to action on differentiation beyond just the pricing and promotion. But I would say we did do a good job of level-setting through the season. So I think I would describe it as some encouragement in that there is a response to the support we're doing, but also reinforcement that as we talk about the soup plan next week, the comprehensive nature of it and the need to do a variety of different things across both products, packaging, pricing and support ongoing, along with a complimentary funnel of innovation is going to be I think the key to really repositioning or changing the trajectory of the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: So just two from me, one, Anthony, I might have missed it. But I just wanted to touch on whether you've updated all the outlook for commodity costs, or cost of goods inflation for this year? And if there's anything we should think about in context to what's happened with tariffs, or potential tariffs with Mexico? And then, Mark, just a broader one from me on snacking. There's been some, I guess some stories suggesting maybe you’re thinking a little bit more about portfolio within the snacks business domestically, the potential to maybe divest a brand or two. So I just wanted to see if there's any comment or update on just your thoughts about the domestic portfolio.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So in terms of the commodity inflation, as I said in my comments, cost inflation was about 4% for the third quarter, which is a little less than the first half and, and probably should run through about that rate for the fourth quarter, although, we're seeing some moderation in several categories. In terms of tariffs, there's some obviously lot of activity on that front. The news with respect to Canada, it's going to help us a little bit. Some of our steel is sourced from Canada, not the majority, the minority, so that have a marginal and favorable impact. And the avoidance of any retaliatory tariffs with respect to Canada will avoid fairly significant cost for us. It's not in our base but would have impacted next year. So that goes away. And then the recent discussions around Mexico could have, I would say, a fairly nominal impact on our cost input.
Mark Clouse: A little bit of a moving target right now on tariffs for sure. Bryan, on the question around the domestic snack portfolio, as you would imagine, other than things we publicly announced, I wouldn't spend a lot of time speculating on M&A activity or talking about that. What I will say is I think the priority for us is clear. We're very focused on the divestitures that we discussed and I'm feeling very good about the progress that we've made to successfully sell the Campbell Fresh portfolio. I also remain very committed to the process on the international side of the business. And I think that's our top priority right now. Of course, as we continue to look forward, we're going to want to make sure that we continue to understand what brands and what the strongest portfolio is for us as we continue to believe that there's just tremendous potential to compete and to win in snacking with the portfolio that we have. But as always, I want to make sure that we've got the right brands that have the best strategic potential, while also recognizing that just continuing to shrink the business or shrinking our way to greatness is not going to be the right strategy either. And I think as we move through these, we haven't talked a lot about M&A strategy. We'll talk about that a little bit next week. But I think I would describe it in sequence. Let's take care of the ones that are on the table now. And then we'll move to continuing to think about how do we strengthen the portfolio after.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Mark, in your prepared remarks, you talked about potential to optimize your network. And it's something you mentioned last quarter as well. I realize you don't want to necessarily get ahead of the Analyst Day. But can you help us understand a little bit what this means from a practical sense? I guess I'm asking if you're considering consolidating some of your DSP routes, and how difficult that might be. And just trying to get a little bit of help in that direction. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Honestly, when I'm talking about network I’m talking more about the manufacturing footprint. A little bit on warehousing and logistics as well. And I think, it's not an unexpected position to be in after a variety of acquisitions and divestitures over the last several years. For us now take a step back and go okay, we're pretty clear now on what we expect this business to look like. We've got a fairly comprehensive strategic plan that's inclusive of at least the early reads of our pipelines for innovation. And we need to cast that now against the footprint that we have from both a manufacturing and a logistics and warehousing network, and see if there's not opportunities to better optimize that or match that with the combined businesses that we have today. And I think as we're doing that, we're seeing opportunity to improve that. And again, I think it's a good moment in time for us to tackle it. But as far as the snacks integration go, our focus on that has really been in the DSP headquarters and operations area where there is a significant opportunity that we're now about a quarter and a half of our way through. And it's going very well and it helps you on a variety of fronts, cost one, but also in bringing the best of both to bear and how we're directing and utilizing our DSP platform, which we continue to believe and see is a very strong competitive advantage within the world of snacking.
Ken Goldman: And then maybe that’s a good lead into my second question, which is you've talked about synergies and packaging and some of the consolidation of the headquarters is really leading up for savings this year so far. There's still a lot left to go in the savings plan. Mark or Anthony, could you walk us through a little bit with some of the bigger buckets are that you see are left and maybe some of the timing of those if you can, right now? I don’t want to, again, get too far ahead of the Analyst Day.
Anthony DiSilvestro: This is something I'm going to talk a lot about next week. But certainly, there's a lot to go within Snyder's-Lance value capture across the areas that Mark talks about, and including manufacturing and administrative costs. And then on our base program, we're also working on some network optimization areas. Now, we previously announced shutdown of our Toronto manufacturing location, that's coming up right now. And we also have some organizational work that we're doing as well. So we're very confident that we have a detailed plan to get to the $315 million of cost savings still to go. And we'll talk a lot more about that next week.
Mark Clouse: I think, Ken, if you think about the integration, in particular, I think the combination of where you would normally see procurements, manufacturing, administrative costs. I think there is also going to be and as we'll talk about more next week. There is an opportunity as these businesses come together to drive, what I would call, some outsized efficiencies in our ability to improve overall operating effectiveness and efficiency of the Snyder’s-Lance business as it comes into the Pepperidge Farm and combines and scales in a very different way than we were before. So I think you will see a little bit more of that for detail as we go through next week to give you a bit better understanding of contribution of those building blocks, which I think is one of the bigger questions that will help I think people get more comfortable with our ability to deliver on those commitments.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Just a couple of follow ups, and then actually all three might be follow ups here. The first one just on your outlook. I’m slightly confused. Did you make changes to your expectations for Simple Meals and Global Snacking? On just my first look on this is looks like C-Fresh is certainly outperforming. But I really want to understand if this critical guidance range is because of more favorable expectations in Simple Meals and Global Snacking.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think the best way to think about is to look at the EBIT guidance before and now, and think about the midpoint, so the midpoint going from 13.90 after $1.4 billion. All of that improvement fits inside of our continuing operation, both meals and beverages and snacks. And that’s because our outlook for 2019 for C-Fresh is basically neutral. So that entire improvement is the base business. So that’s worth of that $0.02 to $0.03 at EPS. The balance of the improvement is coming from lower than anticipated interest expense. So previously we talked about a range of $3.75 to $3.90. We're now expecting to see around $3.70. So that’s another $0.02 to $0.03 of improvement. And those two things explain the improvement in our EPS outlook, the midpoint going from $2.49 to $2.53.
David Driscoll: And following on the tariff question, you made a reference that you wouldn’t have or you think if you won't have a headwind on the products that you sell in Canada. Can you give few numbers to that so that I can just be clear on what's your trying to get at, numerically? What would you expect -- what was the expected headwind from Canadian tariffs? And I think what you are saying is you now think that you will now experience base Canadian tariff headwinds on your products. Just clean that up slightly. And the last question to you guys is a follow up on these cost savings. As Ken was saying, this is a really big number. So Mark I just like to hear from you on just your confidence in the $315 million in future savings? And then do you still expect half of that to be reinvested? Thanks guys.
A - Anthony DiSilvestro: So I will start with expected tariffs, there are a couple of moving parts. What I was referring to earlier on the Canadian tariffs on steel imports from Canada to the U.S., we source some of our steel that’s used in our cans from Canada. That has gone away. That had a slightly positive impact relative to where we've been. Obviously, it doesn’t elevate all the tariff issue we have inside of our steel can cost but part of it. The other part is the retaliatory tariffs on soup exports from the U.S. to Canada. If enacted, that would have had approximately about $20 million negative impact. So that's an avoided cost for us. And then the third part I was referring to was we sort some ingredients and packaging items from Mexico for our U.S. business, not a lot. And that could have probably, I would say, $2 million $4 million potential impact.
Mark Clouse: And then on the costs savings, I mean, David, it'll be easier to do this when we're together next week, and be able to give you building blocks as you go. But I do think we have built a very strong bridge relative to where the sources of savings are going to come from. And I also think this is a business that although we certainly would acknowledge that there are a variety of things we've got to improve performance wise, our ability to deliver the savings historically is a pretty strong track record. And I think we'll try to bring through what were the sources of the savings so far and then where are the big drill sites as we continue to go forward. But we've talked about a couple of them today and certainly, we've talked a bit about the Snyder's-Lance value capture, which is a material component, but also the broader network optimization work that we're doing also, some of the underlining organizational elements that we'll talk a bit more about next week. All of these are contributing factors that will build a bridge to it. As far as how we're going to utilize it, there's no question that that I know is something that folks would like to understand relative to investment and what's it going to take. When we talk about winning and soup and some of the other areas where we believe we can strengthen our investment model, we're going to try to give a lot more clarity to that as well. But certainly, what I'm pleased about is we've contemplated the savings plan. Certainly, even prior to my arrival, there was a strong understanding and expectation that investment was going to be needed on our businesses. And so it was contemplated in the algorithm that was put together, of course, pacing is what we'll talk a bit more about next week as well. But I do think there's a meaningful investment that will come from that source of savings. But I believe that also has been contemplated in the financial framework that we've talked about in the past. And so we'll try to give you the building blocks in the sequence to feel better about understanding how those things work together to get to the outcomes that we'll discuss next week.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: A couple of questions, first real quick housekeeping item. You're showing EBIT for C-Fresh of $25 million loss in the prior year base, I think you had reported $43 million. Is it fair to say that that $18 million delta is the stranded cost, maybe the corporate cost allocation that's falling back into the base business?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, that's correct.
Jason English: And then a question on pricing. The positive price promo in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages was certainly an upside surprise versus our expectation. And I understand there is some revenue recognition noise in there. But even stripping that out its better than we would have expected, you mentioned some fresh price increases in trade promo reduction. Can you give us some context around where and what magnitude the list price increases have been implemented. And just more holistically, your broader thought process around the durability and sustainability of the pricing architecture within Simple Meals and Beverages?
Mark Clouse: So Jason, as you might imagine on that portfolio, there are some puts and takes. And there are some places where we're making -- where we continue to see the need and are investing in price on certain businesses, while also there are places where we've gone in and been able to rationalize what I would call less effective investment and price. If you think back to a year ago in this quarter, we had quite a bit of activity going around retail relationships and some challenges that we had in different places. And in response to that some investments and some spending promotionally that in hindsight as you look back now on it probably didn't have the ROI that we would expect or at the level that that we would want it to be. So there have been some places where we've been able to rationalize what I'd call less efficient spending, while continuing to deploy some resources in the places where we need it. As we go forward, I think our approach on this is going to be quite the balanced where we're going to see brands and particular parts of our portfolio, where I think we need to continue to be a bit more aggressive to really manage price gaps strategically, while in other places, I think there are opportunities for us perhaps to strengthen the value side of the equation, either through product, marketing or shifting mix through more margin-accretive innovation as a way to help. Also price-size architecture as a tool for us going forward, I think is going to help us. I would not expect pricing just in the environment we're in and where the state of the business is to be a substantial contributor to the margin or the business going forward. But I do think as we saw in this quarter, the idea that is able to balance and moderate from where it had been a more substantial headwind in the first part of the year, I do think is not an impractical assumption. And again I think, we'll talk a little bit about the business in more details on where some of those price gaps are a bit more, I think, in need of support, while a couple of places where I think we need to do more of the job and more of the heavy lifting on really strengthening our product, marketing and support.
Jason English: And the list price increases you enacted, where were they?
Mark Clouse: I mean we were -- it was a very limited list of list prices…
Anthony DiSilvestro: It was some in soup, it was some in…
Mark Clouse: Little bit in soup where we had strong commodity related cost increases is where we took it. So not a broad scale list price increase but some selective pricing, which again I think in this environment being able to even get it on a selective basis in the portfolio is a good positive statement.
Anthony DiSilvestro: In the segment results there are some list pricing actions we took in Canada, as well as in our food service business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: I just had a quick follow-up question to Jason's and then a second question. And again, I'm sure you'll have more to say on this next week at your Investor Meeting. But just understand on soup, the business improved sequentially in the quarter even though it's still down on sales. But can you attribute that to I think one of things you talked about earlier was the response to some of the marketing and promotion programs for the business. Would you attribute to that? In the meantime, we've seen price gaps expand and condensed. Does that get to where areas where you meant to settle it more to try and get price gets adjusted as you were just discussing in that answer?
Mark Clouse: I think, that's right. If you look in the quarter, a couple of things that stand out in soup. So first, let's just set the context, again, first half of the year -- and I'll talk to in-markets, because we've talked a little bit about the noise below consumption that's translating into a little better net sales number in the quarter than the end-market. But we essentially moved from the first half of the year where we were declining in market at about 6%, I think 5.5% in that range to just under [Technical Difficulty] declining about 6% that decline reduced to about 2%. And again, I think part of this is being driven by the reorientation to some support selectively around the cooking business, and the ability to drive some relevance in occasions beyond just soup eating, but also some of the usage strategy around it. So that's one of the areas that I think is encouraging. I think the second area is the Well Yes! business and the launch of the sippable format. That has been and continues to be strong evidence, albeit a relatively small scale right now, but the opportunity for that to bring new consumers into the brands and into the aisle is very encouraging. And as you might imagine, I think our ability to scale that up going forward is going to be important. And then I think you have great momentum from the category standpoint on broth. And I think our ability to use our leadership position and strengthen the differentiation, while making sure our price gaps are right, which is probably an area where we've got some work to do is another encouraging baseline but with an opportunity to do more as we go forward. And I already talked a little about chunky, which again I certainly wouldn't call it bright, but decent response to some of the things that we've done. And so I think those were the areas in the quarter that you can bridge, if you will, what changed from the first half to the third quarter. Now I think we build upon those learnings as we start to fuel what the 2020 soup season will look like and how do we bring to bear all of those learnings, both positively and negatively, to try to get the right plan in place so that we can validate some of this ability to strengthen the trajectory.
Chris Growe: Okay, that was a helpful discussion there. Thank you for that. Just a quick follow-up for Anthony. You gave some initial dilution around, I should say initial EPS dilution, you expected due to divestitures. Has that changed at all this point? You have obviously what you experienced or will experience on Campbell Fresh, you still have international still to go. I think it's like $0.03 to $0.05 dilution factor. Is that still in place then today?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think we thought it'll be -- given all the changes in the reporting here, a little bit confusing now to do that pro forma, because C-Fresh is already out and the accretion from that C-Fresh divestiture, if you look at 2018 or $0.03 of operations, you could add another $0.04 or the interest benefit, so you get to $0.07, that's a little bit lower in 2019, because of the operating performance of C-Fresh is better. So the EBIT within discontinued operations should be fairly nominal. And then you get the interest benefit coming through. We don't want to get too specific on the international business at this point, given where we are with that process. But as soon as we announce something, we can talk certainly about the dilutive impact of that divestiture.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. And in the interest of time, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's call. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell’s second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. As usual we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find these slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode.  Turning to slide two, today we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. On slide three you can see the agenda we will cover today. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell’s President and CEO, and Anthony DiSilvestro, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his early impressions of Campbell and provide his perspective on our performance in the quarter. Then, Anthony will walk through the financial details of the quarter as well as our fiscal 2019 financial guidance, which we reaffirm today. One additional item before we open our discussion of the quarter, we would like to cordially invite analysts and institutional investors to our 2019 Investor Day at Campbell’s world headquarters in Camden. This year’s event will be held on the afternoon of Thursday, June the 13th. Please mark your calendars and I hope everyone can make it. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Ken. Good morning everyone, and thanks for dialing in today. I'm excited and honored to be here, and to be part of the Campbell team. I've long admired Campbell's portfolio of iconic brands, terrific teams and well-defined purpose. Throughout my career, I've had the privilege of working on big iconic brands, and leading teams to unlock the full potential of the business, by strengthening the consumer relevance of the brands, and driving operational excellence. I'm confident in our ability to do both here at Campbell. Since joining the company last month, I've been spending time with our team and our customers to gain a full understanding of the state of the business. I recognize that we are dealing with some immediate challenges, which we are addressing head on. But, I'm also seeing clear opportunity to further improve our business, strengthen our execution, and create exciting potential for the future. We have a great deal of work to do to deliver this opportunity. But it starts with progress in each and every quarter. Moving to Slide six, so where are we today? First, we are doing what we said we would, and in many ways that is an essential first step in our journey. I'm pleased that we delivered results consistent with our expectations for the second consecutive quarter, and that we were able to reaffirm our fiscal 2019 guidance this morning. We continued to make solid progress against our key strategic priorities including stabilizing our in-market performance; integrating the Snyder's Lance business, delivering our cost savings agenda, and finally, focusing and optimizing our portfolio. Organic sales in the quarter were comparable to the prior year. This reflected strength in Global Biscuits and Snacks, driven by performance in Pepperidge Farm in Arnott's, with our meal and beverage business seeing some declines but more stable results overall. As expected, adjusted earnings per share declined compared to a year ago. Adjusted gross margin also declined, down 4.3 points in the quarter. The decline was driven by the negative mix impact of the Snyder's and Pacific acquisitions, cost inflation, transportation and warehousing costs, and finally the decision to make select investments in promotional programs against key businesses. Those headwinds were partially mitigated by continued strong execution on our base cost savings program and the value capture of the Snyder's land synergies. Both of these areas are progressing very well. In fact, the team delivered $50 million in savings in the quarter under our multi-year program, including Snyder's land synergies. That brings year-to-date savings to $95 million, which is slightly ahead of what we had planned. We now expect to over deliver the $120 million in cost savings plan for fiscal 2019. This will help offset cost headwinds we're managing, while still delivering our commitments. Another area of stepped up focus is cash flow from operations, which increased to $846 million in the first half, reflecting improvements in working capital. This is another critical area where I was pleased to see progress and effective programs in place across the company. We must continue to drive this increased discipline and effectiveness to optimize our working capital, and capital spending going forward. Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide eight. Let's start with our meals and beverage businesses, where our performance was mixed across our brands. Our results were essentially in line with our expectations for the quarter, but did decline overall. Organic sales were down 1% compared to declines of 4% a year ago, and 5% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We drove growth in V8 for the second consecutive quarter, behind consumption gains in V8 vegetable juice and V8 plus energy drinks. This was more than offset by declines in Plum, Canada and Prego. Declines in Plum were due to phasing in shipments with consumption up slightly. On the U.S. Soup business, excluding acquisitions, sales were comparable to a year ago. However, in market consumption remained down around 5%. This difference was driven by a return to more historical seasonal inventory levels in the quarter following last year's retail challenges, as well as favorable timing on new revenue recognition accounting. We are advancing our plan for 2019, which focuses on improving the value proposition of soup, by strengthening the fundamentals; including, price and promotion while adding better marketing and smart innovation around convenience and better for you. These actions will help improve the foundation of the business and reflect a focus on controlling the control levels; however, we still have much to do to truly position this business for improved and sustainable results. I realize that you likely have a lot of questions about our U.S. soup business, including my early impressions of its performance this year and the long term plans for the business. Let me start by saying it's early days, but I do recognize that to truly change the trajectory of the business will require a holistic approach to building consumer relevance through product, packaging, innovation and marketing, paired with optimizing the network, and business model. It is important that this plan addresses our entire soup portfolio, including our core condensed, broth and ready-to-serve businesses. We are the category leader. We have iconic brands and we possess the best knowledge of the soup business in the industry. We can, and will bring a comprehensive consumer driven and financially disciplined approach to how we optimize this very important business for the company and for our retail partners. I'm excited about building on the solid work the team has done to date, and I look forward to sharing more comprehensive plans with you at our June investor day. Turning to our global biscuit and snack segment, excluding the benefits of the acquisition of Snyder's Lance and the impact of currency, organic sales increased 3% driven by the performance of Pepperidge Farm Fresh Bakery goldfish crackers and Arnott's biscuits. Nearly a year since we completed the acquisition of Snyder's Lance, the integration of our U.S. Snacks business is steadily progressing, as we build upon the core strengths of both Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's Lance. The combined business is delivering strong overall share performance across the portfolio. Pepperidge Farm continued its strong track record of consistent performance, with the team delivering its 17th consecutive quarter of sales growth. Our largest brand, Goldfish, continued to expand share with a strong quarter, including the launch of new epic crunch lime. The latest addition to the franchise leverages both organizations capabilities. It was invented by Pepperidge Farm R&D and made in a Snyder's Lance bakery. Additionally, the extension of Pepperidge Farm farmhouse brand across Cookie, Bread and Rolls collectively drove nearly 25% growth in the quarter. Consumers are responding favorably to the farmhouse brand positioning and quality, especially the steps we've taken to renovate our fresh bakery portfolio. Now let's look at the other half of our U.S. Snacks business. The Snyder's Lance portfolio; these brands across chips, pretzels, crackers and nuts are an attractive high growth spaces and nearly all grew share in the quarter. Over the last six months, the snacks team has put in significant work to position these brands for long term success, including building foundational brand insights, unique product positioning, renovation and innovation, and smart new marketing campaigns. We have strong plans in place in the back half of fiscal 2019 and I'm looking forward to seeing these brands flourish behind accelerated innovation and increased marketing. The Snyder's Lance value capture plans are exactly where we expected it to be in the quarter, and slightly ahead of our expectations for the year. Thus far, synergies have come from the elimination of the duplication of public company infrastructure and tighter controls around SG&A. With these changes, the leadership team has created new ways of working and instilled greater discipline across the combined division. In the quarter, we consolidated our headquarters sales force and back office sales operations. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to deliver synergies in the second half, as we realize the savings from the changes in the sales organization and begin to leverage efficiencies and scale in procurement on packaging, commodities and seasonings. I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in U.S. Snacks. We're already seeing the synergistic benefits within our brand portfolio and we're tracking slightly ahead of our synergies target with a clear line of sight to achieving the full value capture. I'm frequently asked, what has surprised me since arriving at the company? And I can honestly say, the strength, progress and position of our snack business. It is a formidable portfolio and a fantastic team that creates a very exciting combination for our future. Like our plans on soup, I look forward to sharing how we will fuel the growth of our snack business when I see you in June. Next on slide 10, I want to provide a quick update on the divestitures. We continue to make steady progress with the proposed sales of Campbell's Fresh and Campbell International. As a reminder combined, these businesses represent approximately $2.1 billion in annual net sales in fiscal 2018. I met with both the International and Fresh leadership teams during my first few days in role, and I'm impressed with how they're driving the day-to-day businesses while managing the divestiture processes. Campbell Fresh is performing consistent with our plans, and we're driving improved operational effectiveness in the Bolthouse Farms business. Campbell International had a strong quarter, with solid sales and in-market performance on Arnott's biscuits, fueled by new product innovation. The divestiture processes are moving forward according to plan, with strong interest from strategic and financial buyers. As you may have seen, we've already announced three transactions, the sale of Garden Fresh Gourmet and the Everett Washington Refrigerated Soup Plants as part of the Sea Fresh divestiture process, as well as the sale of Habit. We continue to expect to announce buyers for the remainder of these businesses by the end of the fiscal year, but we'll remain disciplined to ensure that we achieve appropriate value for these attractive assets. We will use the proceeds from these transactions to significantly pay down debt. Combined with the company's strong free cash flow, we're confident that we will make progress on our goal of achieving meaningful debt reduction. Before I turn it over to Anthony, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge and thank Keith McLoughlin for his leadership in serving as interim CEO. Keith stepped in at a pivotal moment for Campbell, and leveraged his expertise, knowledge of the company and leadership skills to provide much needed clarity and stability. As a result, Campbell is more focused and the entire company is mobilized around our key priorities. I've worked closely with Keith throughout the CEO transition process, and I look forward to his continued contributions as a member of the Campbell board. With that, let me turn it over to Anthony for a detailed discussion of our financial results.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks Mark. Before getting into the details, I'll make a few comments on our performance for this quarter. As Mark mentioned, our overall results were in line with our expectations and we remain on track to achieve our fiscal year guidance. Clearly, we have seen pressure on our gross margin in the first half. The negative mix impact of the acquisitions and on the base business from a combination of cost inflation, warehousing and transportation challenges, which are mostly behind us, and higher trade investments. Looking ahead, we expect these trends to improve, as we wrap the acquisition of Snyder's Lance, the higher levels of cost inflation and the flavor blasted Goldfish recall, as well as execute pricing and promotional actions, and drive cost savings and productivity gains. We continue to achieve our cost savings goals against our program, which includes Snyder's Lance. We generated $50 million of incremental cost savings in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $95 million and the program today total to $550 million. We are on track to over deliver our 2019 target of $120 million, which is helping to mitigate additional cost pressures, particularly on warehousing and transportation. We continue to target $945 million of cost in synergy savings by the end of 2022. Overall, we are pleased with the progress made in acquisitions as the integration of both Snyder’s Lance and Pacific Foods is on track and the financial performance is meeting our expectations. As expected, the acquisitions were slightly dilutive to our adjusted EPS results in the quarter. In connection with our plan announced August 30th, we are working to divest our International business and the Campbell Fresh business. The divestiture processes are well underway and we have seen significant buyer interest for both businesses. I'll now review our detailed results. For the second quarter, net sales on an as reported basis increased 24% to approximately $2.7 billion reflecting the recent acquisitions of Snyder's Lance and Pacific Foods. Organic sales, which excludes the negative impact of currency translation and acquisitions were comparable to the prior year, as gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks, which had a strong quarter were offset by declines in Campbell Fresh and Meals and Beverages. As previously discussed, we adopted new rules for revenue recognition in the first quarter. In the second quarter, sales benefited by approximately 50 basis points as a result of the accounting change. The full year impact of revenue recognition is not expected to be material. Adjusted EBIT of $399 million declined 1% as a 13% decline on the base business was mostly offset by the incremental earnings from the recent acquisitions. Adjusted EPS declined by 23% or $0.23 to $0.77 per share, primarily due to adjusted EBIT declines in the base business, a higher adjusted tax rate and the dilutive impact of the acquisitions. In the quarter, the change in revenue recognition had a positive impact of $0.03 per share. For the first half, net sales on an as reported basis increased 25% to $5.4 billion benefiting from acquisitions, while organic net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, primarily due to declines in the Meals and Beverages segment. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 1% to $811 million and adjusted EPS of $1.57 was down 18%. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales for comparable to the prior year as higher promotional spending was offset by modest increases in pricing and volume. Promotional spending negatively impacted net sales by one point, reflecting investment in key businesses to remain competitive. Within promotional spending, the accounting change on revenue recognition at a 50 basis point positive impact. There was a one point negative impact on net sales from currency translation in this quarter, and the recent additions of Snyder's Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio added 26 percentage points, bringing our as reported net sales increase to 24%. Our adjusted gross margin percentages declined 4.3 percentage points in the quarter, excluding a two point dilutive impact from the acquisitions of Snyder's Lance and Pacific Foods, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 2.3 points, while the acquisitions are reducing our overall margins as we add them to the portfolio, we are confident that the margins on these businesses will increase over time as we integrate them into Campbell and achieve targeted cost and synergy savings. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 330 basis points, mostly from cost inflation, which on a rate basis increased approximately 4.5% reflecting higher prices on steel cans, vegetables, resins, aluminum, and freight. We experienced several onetime costs in the quarter, primarily warehousing and transportation costs associated with the startup of the Findlay Ohio distribution facility mentioned last quarter, and higher inner plant freight to service our customer requirements early in the quarter. We believe, these higher costs from both Findlay and the inner plant shipments are now behind us. Going the other way, our ongoing supply chain productivity program contributed 120 basis points in our cost savings program, which is incremental to our productivity initiative, added an additional 80 basis points of gross margin. Mix was slightly positive, adding 20 basis point. Net pricing was 30 basis points negative, as increased trade investments were partly offset by less pricing actions, primarily in Global Biscuits and Snacks. All in, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined to 30.9%. As I’ll describe later, we expect to achieve sequential improvements in our gross margin trends in the second half. Moving on to other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 15% in the quarter, due primarily to the impact of acquisitions. Excluding the recent acquisitions, marketing and selling expenses decreased, driven primarily by lower marketing overhead and selling expenses, including the benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Excluding acquisitions, spending on advertising and consumer promotion was comparable to the prior year. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 15% to $160 million, due primarily to the impact of recent acquisitions. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance, and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.23 from $1in the prior year quarter to $0.77 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, adjusted EBIT had no impact on EPS reflecting lower EBITDA on the base business, offset by the addition of Snyder's Lance and Pacific Foods. Net interest expense increased by $60 million, a $0.16 negative impact to EPS driven by an increase in the debt level to fund our recent acquisitions and reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. Our adjusted EPS was impacted by higher, adjusted effective tax rate, decreasing EPS by $0.05. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24.1% in the quarter, which increased by 5.2 percentage points as the prior year quarter benefited from a year-to-date impact related to U.S. tax reform. And lastly, there was a $0.01 negative impact on EPS from currency translation this quarter, completing the bridge to $0.77 per share. Although not shown on the chart, in aggregate, the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods were slightly dilutive to adjusted EPS. Now turning to our segment results, in Meals and Beverages organic sales declined 1% reflecting mixed results, as gains in V8 beverages, behind consumption gains in V8 vegetable juice and V8 energy were more than offset by declines in Plum, Canada, and Prego pasta sauces. Excluding the benefit from the acquisition of Pacific Foods, sales of U.S. soup were comparable to the prior year, including a one point benefit related to revenue recognition as gains in ready-to-serve and broth were offset by declines in condensed soup. As Mark stated, we've returned to more historical, seasonal retailer inventory levels, which benefited U.S. soup sales in the quarter. Segment operating earnings declined 10% to $255 million. The decrease was driven primarily by the impact of significant cost inflation, higher warehousing and transportation costs, and investments and promotional spending, probably offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our show results as measured by IRR. For the 52-week period ending January 27, 2019 the categories showed a decline decreasing 2.4 %. Our sales in measured channels, including Pacific declined 5.4%. We had a 58.2% market share for the 52-week period, down 180 basis points from the year ago period. Private label grew share increasing 140 basis points, primarily reflecting gains in broth finishing at 16.3%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.5% increasing 50 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, sales were $1.243 billion in the quarter including $529 million from the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, excluding the benefit from the acquisition and the negative impact on currency translation organic sales increased 3%. This performance reflects continued growth in pepperidge farm driven by solid consumption gains in pepperidge farm fresh bakery products and Goldfish crackers as well as growth in Arnott’s biscuits fueled by innovation. On Snyder's-Lance, it is important to note that the SKU rationalization and price realization initiatives are continuing to have a negative impact on sales particularly on the Snyder's of Hanover brand. While SKU rationalization is having a short-term impact, this action will result in a more streamlined and more profitable portfolio going forward. Overall, sales performance of the Snyder’s-Lance portfolio was in line with our expectations with solid consumption and market share gains for the first half of fiscal 2019. Segment operating earnings increased to 35% to $185 million reflecting a 34 point benefit from the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, segment operating earnings increased slightly driven primarily by volume gains partly offset by higher levels of cost inflation. In the Campbell Fresh segment, overall performance was in line with our expectation. Organic sales decline 7% to $239 million mostly driven by declines in refrigerated soup. As we’ve previously discussed, two of our private label refrigerated soup customers intend to insource production in 2019. Sales of Bolthouse Farms refrigerated beverages and Garden Fresh Gourmet also declined which were partly offset by gains in carrots. Segment operating loss was $14 million compared to a loss of $11 million in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the decline in refrigerated soup volume partly offset by improved operational efficiencies on the Bolthouse Farms business. As disclosed in our non-GAAP reconciliation in corporate, we’ve recorded non-cash impairment charges on the Campbell Fresh segment as we advance the plan divestiture of the business. As part of the divestiture of the Campbell Fresh division, we recently announced the sale of the Garden Fresh Gourmet business and the refrigerated soup plant in Everett, Washington. On a companywide basis, cash from operations increased to $846 million compared to $660 million in 2018, reflecting significant improvements from the Company's working capital management efforts and as we wrapped payment last year on hedges associated with an anticipated debt issuance partly offset by lower cash earnings. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $198 million, $66 million higher than the prior year, reflected the timing of cash payments, as well as investments to support our cost savings initiatives and the addition of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $400 million for fiscal 2019. We pay dividends totaling $212 million compared to $216 million in 2018 reflecting our current quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share. Net debt of $9.3 billion is up $5.5 billion from a year ago, reflecting the impact of the $6.1 billion acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance partly offset by positive cash flow generated by the base business. Since the end of the first quarter, we have reduced our net debt level by almost $400 million. As part of our August 30, 2018 plan, we have initiated divestiture processes and as we’ve previously discussed, we will use the proceeds to reduce debt and improve our leverage ratio. Now, I’ll review our 2019 guidance, which remains unchanged since August 30th. We are providing guidance based on our current outlook and also on a pro forma basis assuming planned divestitures were completed as of the start of the fiscal year with proceeds used to reduce debt. I’ll start with the guidance reflecting our current outlook. We expect sales to increase to a range of $9.975 billion to $10.100 billion as a benefit from incremental impact of both the Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions, this topline guidance implies an organic sales are expected to decline slightly. We expect adjusted EBIT to be in the range of $1.370 billion to $1.410 billion as declines in our base business are mostly offset by the incremental acquisition impacts of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Food. The EBIT decline of the base business reflects the anticipated decline in organic sales, the negative impact of 4% to 5% cost inflation on gross margins and the negative impact from higher incentive compensation which was significantly reduced in the second half of 2018. So, as we look to the back half we expect gross margin trends to improve most notably in the fourth quarter for several reasons. Wrapping the Snyder’s-Lance acquisition and the Goldfish Flavor Blasted recall in Q4. Pricing actions we’re currently implementing in the marketplace, phasing the productivity gains and some moderation of year-on-year cost inflation. While we anticipate a significant improvement in the second half versus our first half adjusted gross margin decline of 460 basis points, we will not be guiding to a specific target as we want to retain flexibility to manage all lines of the P&L. Also note, as you think about your models that in the third quarter in addition to the incentive compensation headwind, our plan reflects increased marketing support on the U.S. snacks business. We expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.53 per share. The delta between EBIT and EPS performance is primarily driven by the interest expense associated with the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods. We expect interest expense in the range of $375 million to $390 million and an adjusted tax rate of approximately 25%. Against our cost and synergy target we are tracking to over deliver our $120 million target and this is helping to offset the impact of increased warehousing and transportation costs. We are also providing forecast for 2019 on a pro forma basis assuming the plan divestitures were completed as of the beginning of the fiscal year and based on the use of estimated proceeds to reduce debt. As you can see on the chart, our sales based declines to about $8 billion, adjusted EBIT to a range of 1.230 billion to 1.270 billion and adjusted EPS to a range of $2.40 to $2.50. The overall anticipated dilution from the divestitures is moderate given the current level of profitability of the Campbell Fresh division. As I stated the divestiture processes are underway for both Campbell International and Campbell Fresh and we have seen significant buyer interest for both businesses. That concludes my remarks. And now I’ll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Clouse: Thanks, Anthony. After my first month, I'm excited about the potential of our great people, brands and the opportunities for the company. We have a lot of work ahead, but the team is already taking action and making progress. We will remain focused on disciplined execution and driving clear ownership of our financial commitments, while we also ensuring our plans for the future are robust and delivering improved sustainable results going forward. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks Mark. We’ll be happy to take your questions. Krystal [ph], let’s open the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everyone and congratulations, Mark on your new role.
Mark Clouse: Thanks Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. So I guess it would seem that as no investor consensus is really now squarely in the camp that food companies can't really cost-cut their way to prosperity, particularly in light of events last week. And that it really has to be about a return to growth. So, I love your thoughts on this more broadly, but assuming you'd agree with this line of thinking. As you did your due diligence ahead of taking on this next challenge at Campbell, either when speaking with customer contacts or your industry contacts, and of course your own previous experience. I guess, what were the key factors that gave you the confidence that the requisite growth opportunities really exist at Campbell? And do you think the Company can accomplish this without more significant portfolio change than it has already been discussed? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Great. Thanks, Andrew. So maybe a way into the answer is to start a little bit with -- what my take is, on what really a sustainable performance model looks like in our industry. I think there is really three ingredients. It's not that ultimately complicated on the whole lot more difficult to execute. But I think it starts with great brands and great ideas that are resourced appropriately, that enabled the Company to deliver sustainable profitable growth going forward. I think that's paired-in with great discipline around cost and cash flow, as an enabler to drive the fuel that you need for the brands and the investment while also creating more attractive financial returns. As much as I wish, that you could choose one or the other, I think what we've all learned in the industry over time is that, you really need the combination of both. I think the good news is, a lot of people tend to talk about these things somewhat as mutually exclusive items. And the fact of the matter is, a growing business actually has a lot more opportunity or flexibility to improve efficiencies and cost. So the idea that we're striking the right balance between what profitable growth we need, paired with the appropriate pipeline of cost savings and cash flow. To fuel that, I think it's critical, and I think the third component then is of high-powered team that's clear and focused on the priorities, that's delivering executional and operational excellence. And so I guess, when I took a look at Campbell and I started to spend more time with the team and an external perspective as well as getting to know the internal players as well. I would say that I see opportunity across all three of those variables. We have terrific brands, that arguably have been under resourced and perhaps not always focused on the way that I think we can, inclusive of what my sense is, is somewhat at least as of today, a somewhat underappreciated snack business, that I think has great opportunity going forward. Remember, post divestitures; that business is going to represent close to 50% of our revenue base as a Company and today it's growing in the low single digits, and I think there is a lot of good opportunity for us to build on that business going forward. And then I think you also have a soup business that arguably we're taking some good actions on in the near term. But as I said in my comments, and we can talk more about this, I think a much more holistic and comprehensive approach to soup, I think can further optimize that business going forward. And so as I look at that opportunity, I feel good that we can make improvements on the growth side of our algorithm while also feeling great about the pipeline of cost. The combination of our own cost initiatives which I believe are appropriate rationalization and discipline, without necessarily cutting to the bone on capabilities and things that I believe, we will ultimately need to succeed on the business, while also having the Snyder's-Lance value capture. That combination along with what I think is some very good working capital programs that are put in place in a stronger discipline on capital spending overall, along with the divestitures, enabling us to reduce debt. I think gives us that fuel that I talked about is the second ingredient. And then I think the third area, the team it's interesting when you come in to an organization that has had a relatively difficult past couple of years, sometimes you expect to see a team that might be hanging their head or feeling a little bit, well, it's me and I got to be honest, I've seen a very different attitude, it's a passion [ph] and ownership for the Company in the brand, a true belief that we should be performing better and an appetite to make changes to how our focus in our accountability is driven, that enables us, I think to begin to unlock some of that executional excellence that I talked about in point three. I certainly don't want to portray this as simple or an overnight fix. But I think as I looked at those elements and said, is there room and opportunity for improvements? I felt very good about that. And I think a clear roadmap, starting with the focus areas that Keith and the team might identify coming in, I think positions us well to make steady progress, and I believe an opportunity to create shareholder value over the future.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much for going through that.
Mark Clouse: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. One quick one from me and then a longer follow-up if I can. I know that you talked about the timing of shipments being ahead of consumption and you talked about some inventory. I think there is some speculation in the market that perhaps the timing of the early snap payment affected some of the companies that are reporting from January numbers right now. I know it's hard to tell, but to the best of your ability, can you determine whether it's the extra snap payment has helped you at all? And whether you expect any kind of reversal or whether in your opinion, it's just sort of a non-story?
Mark Clouse: Well, I think Ken, a little bit of the challenge for us in the quarter, is there is a variety of moving pieces in this. Part of it is what we're comparing to a year ago, as well as some of the dynamics that we're experiencing on where we're infusing investment and how we're thinking about the promotional schedule. I do think the phasing over time, it was to some degree, it was affected by it. But I think the bigger drivers for us related to the fact that a year ago in this period, as we were navigating some pretty tough retail conversations, we did not reach what I would call the historical level for the seasonal inventory build. I think as we look forward, I think that will normalize over the balance of the quarters. Of course, you'll have a little bit of noise around revenue recognition changes as well, but I think in general, we'll see a little bit of consumption likely outpacing our shipments a bit in Q3, as we normalize that inventory level. But for the year, I expect it to be pretty equal across the Board.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then my follow-up is, you reiterated guidance today, obviously and in your slides you reiterating your fiscal 2022 saving targets as well. Is the message you're sending that you feel very good that these targets are reasonable and that you support them? Or is it really just too early for you to make any changes? And I guess the reason I'm asking is, there is still an expectation or a belief that maybe you'll do some sort of rebase ahead, and people are curious, is it just too soon for you and maybe as you get closer to the numbers you say, wait, we need to take a step back here. Where just really you saying, I’ve gone through these numbers and I feel very good about them, and there is not going to be any kind of rebase coming?
Mark Clouse: Well, I think first let me just start by saying, I think the rigor that went into defining the algorithm and the work that was behind it, especially the 2019 guidance, I think was very robust. And so what I would tell you, I think given that rigor and the reasonableness of the framework I feel very good about that direction and I'm very committed especially delivering on our 2019 commitments, but also pursuing what the longer-term algorithm looks like. I think, I also feel very good about the strategic framework that was put in place. I mean, our – as you look at it the idea of simplifying, focusing and optimizing our portfolio divesting some non-core businesses to reduce debt and improving our execution speed and efficiency are somewhat hard to argue with, and I think our great first steps to address what some of our immediate challenges are. I think as we go forward, we need to create the completeness of that plan and add more robust elements underneath each of those headers, as we really create what I think will be a clear roadmap for the future, that builds upon what those foundations are. I think in doing that, we've got to understand what the right balance is between the cost savings, we can generate as well as the investment we need. But I think living within the guidance that was given certainly is my objective. I do think in fairness to my time in the seat, I want to spend a little more time making sure that the investment models and the plans that are in place are all consistent with what those. What I believe we need to have in place to deliver on those objectives. Does that make sense, Ken to you?
Ken Goldman: It does. Thank so much Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Mark Clouse: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Mark, I guess my question is really as we've sort of observed that the retailers response to some of the actions that Campbell has made over the years in the soup category specifically. It just seems like retailers have maybe been less enthusiastic about the category and maybe looking at it for ways to sort of harvest profits out of it or margins out of it. So I guess could you talk about, from your perspective so far, how you see the retailer’s attitudes around the category, and maybe what it would take to get them reengaged with it? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Well, one of the things that was helpful was in the first week, I was on the job, we had [Indiscernible] in Florida. So I got to spend some good quality time with our retail partners in the first week. And I think in many ways, their response was pretty consistent which is -- we do expect you as the category leader of soup to help us understand the vision and really step-up and bring to bear a plan that can optimize the portfolio and with hope of being able to improve it going forward. And I think that call to action is a good one for us. When you think about the role that soup plays within the Company, I think it is undeniable that we have got to apply, as I said a bit in my comments, a better, a more holistic plan. Although I like and believe that the near-term actions we're taking are helping the cause. If you look at a couple of the places where we're supporting the business more directly, like cooking within condensed, you see flat shares on that portion of the business versus the decline overall on the franchise or chunky business that we've turned back on support, that we're actually growing share on that business for the first time in quite a while. And then continued growth on some of the health and wellness businesses has done well. Yes, in our broth business which has also done well. So, I feel good about those actions. But clearly, as you look at our end market results, we recognize that it's not enough. And so, I think what we've got to bring to bear here is a more holistic plan, and what I mean by that is clear definition of portfolio rolls for our individual brands across the range where we're really driving consumer relevance against each one. We get the fundamentals right, so price, package, quality and the support levels again, disciplined with good ROI. It's not grow at all costs, but a good approach to how we provide the right support behind the business and sustainable support behind the business. And then I think we had innovation that's going to bring relevant opportunities to enter into either new occasions or adjacent formats that I think soup can play perhaps a bigger role in, than what we're doing today. And then with that in place, I think we need to articulate a vision for retailers collaborating with them on how we rethink the shelf in the destination in the store. And that's traditional retail as well as some of the growth channels. And then backstop that, with network optimization and a supply chain model, that's going to ensure that we've got a margin architecture that's profitable over the future. So when I talk about that -- again it's somewhat early days, I don't, I would say we've got great work done in many areas, but we need to work the complete plan and we are doing that very, very rapidly. But I think, if we step up and take a full swing on this business with that kind of rigor across the plan, I think that's going to give us our best opportunity to improve the trajectory and also a signal the retailers our commitment to this category and the opportunities that I think it can represent. Again, not an overnight fix, but I think it's steady journey forward on our ability to do that. And as I said, we'll talk more about it when we get to the Investor Day in June.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you everybody. Good morning, Mark. Welcome to the company and appreciate you being on the call today.
Mark Clouse: Thanks David.
David Driscoll: Can I ask -- I want to ask a follow-up to Ken's question. I really just wanted to understand about the big $945 million multi-year savings program. Can you -- I got to say this is -- this looks to me like it should be the number one item on your list. But I want to hear that from you, I know there is -- probably it feels like there should be a lot of Number one items, but you got to prioritize these items. Have you had enough time to really delve into the details of the program? And I know you partially answered the question a moment ago, but I can't underscore enough how much I think investors are sensitive to it. What we all want to know desperately is, is this program aggressive in your opinion? Is there -- are there parts of this? Because, you again, to Andrew's point earlier, I mean we just saw a spectacularly bad event last week. So then, what is it mean for these types of savings programs? In your initial assessment, would you characterize the savings program as aggressive? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, let me let me hit the first part of that question head-on. Absolutely, it is imperative for us as a company, because regardless of what you may believe or know that we need to do relative to getting the balance right between supporting our brands and improving our top line trajectory, we need the opportunity that is created by the work around the cost agenda. As far as how I would categorize it, I think the good news is it's not one thing or silver bullet, its a variety of different initiatives that I think in each individual case is appropriately set. The reality is, as we have opportunity to improve our discipline and our rigor around a variety of different cost areas as well as what I think is a very well organized and put together value capture program for Snyder’s-Lance. I've been through a few of these and really what is important as you start to think about value capture agendas have you appropriately put ideas, programs and governance around each of the elements that are driving the savings, while also being realistic about where the investments may need to come out to support the business going forward. And I think we are -- we have done a very good job on lining up the elements that will fuel, the cost savings program. And again I think in some areas we’re more aggressive than others. But I would say in the areas that are related to our ability to perform or drive the business I think we take in an appropriate level of balance  I think on the investment side, so post the 945 million of savings, how do we think about investment? I think we made a lot of progress on that. But this is where I want to spend a little bit more time with the team and make sure that I'm crystal clear on what our expectations are and what we really believe we need to have in place to support the businesses. But I think it begins as you say with really that focus and orientation on generating the cost savings without replicating perhaps some of the challenges that we've seen emerge in our industry where it’s about cutting at the expense of our capability or going beyond what we think is appropriate for what our objectives are on the broader business.
David Driscoll: And then, a quick one on your sales guidance. So I think you guys added a one point negative impact from foreign exchange, the dollar numbers don't change. So organic revenues are up, your end market performance negative five. I’m just getting a lot of questions, Anthony, and Mark if you want to answer. But how do you maintain the dollar guidance with soup down five and foreign exchange headwind coming in? Can you just help us bridge how the full year is going to pace and why does soup performance is okay, enable to allow you to reiterate the sales? Thank you.
Mark Clouse: So Anthony, why don't you take the guidance question and then I'll come back with how do we feel about soup.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I guess, there is obviously a couple of parts to the guidance. The organic performance, the incremental contribution from the acquisitions and currency. So when we came into the year, we thought currency would be about 50 basis points negative, is turning out to be more like a 100 basis points. So it's a little bit negative inside of that. With respect to the incremental impact from acquisitions, we are tracking spot-on, where we expect it to be in terms of the first half, second half contribution from both Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. So that's on track. And lastly, in terms of our overall organic sales performance, we are tracking where we expect it to be. So although soup is down a little bit, we have other parts of the portfolio, they're up a bit. And as we look to the second half and we need to do better minus two organic to hit the middle of the range. And there is some flex plus or minus around that. So we feel pretty good about where we are and hitting the guidance by the end of the year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think one of the things in the back half that we’re excited about is the -- as we come through the integration of the Snyder’s-Lance business, the team has done a very good job, building a pretty robust agenda both on the marketing and innovation funnel as we look at the back half of the year, and I would expect to see some increased investment, but also strengthening performance on some of those businesses which I think will help kind of compensate for what I still would expect to be a somewhat weaker trend on soup that we're working hard to improve on, but I think that balances how you get to the -- to the math that that lines up with the guidance.
Anthony DiSilvestro: One other point is the end of March, we're going to wrap Snyder's Lance, so for four months we expect to see a positive contribution to our organic sales performance from that business.
David Driscoll: Thank you very much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And in the interest of time, our final question will come from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for getting me in the queue.
Mark Clouse: Hi Rob.
Robert Moskow: Nabisco running a DSD network, the margins on that business were a lot higher than Snyder's Lance's margins, which are still single digit. And I just want to know what do you think that the big difference is between the margin structure of these two companies? And how do you close the gap? Thanks.
Mark Clouse: Well, I'd say it's a great question, and it’s in fact, I think you know as we talked before about as we start to look closely at our cost agenda and we talk about value capture. You know it is one of the opportunities that I think should give us some confidence, is that disparity in margin architecture and the opportunity to bring it up. Even with the value capture, you know one of the things that I think we've used is a little bit of a gut check on it. It would still operate below where we are on Pepperidge Farm, which I think is a encouraging opportunity that even beyond what we see in the value capture we can improve. So, I think -- I think a lot of the power of margin architectures on DSD it revolves around scale, the efficiency of how you're running your network, and that you're fueling your innovation and you're spending in a way where you're taking full advantage of your presence in store. And I think as you look across those variables, I would, I would suggest we have some opportunities to improve in all of those areas. I think the combination although as we talked about today really the focus of the integration has been more on the sales operation and headquarters. I think the idea that we can use best practices and how we think about optimizing routes, how we think about optimizing impact in store, how we get the balance right between what is kind of our sweat equity, around merchandising, through our drivers and what we're truly investing in price, while creating a lot better scale and operational fits efficiencies in our supply chain, I think is going to be where the unlocks are.  The Nabisco business is a very efficient business. And again, you know sets a fairly high bar, but I think the idea, that we can bring this closer to what our Pepperidge Farm margin architecture is, and get closer to that balance as a company as a goal I think bodes well for what the opportunity, both again from the integration, but also where our focus can be going forward to continue to drive opportunities. Is that good, Rob, does that give you a little bit of insight?
Robert Moskow: Yes, maybe one follow up. At the start of the year, one of the concerns about Snyder's Lance was that they had entered into some price contracts with customers that were unfavorable. Are those still in place and is their effort now to renegotiate them higher?
Mark Clouse: I think we're cycling through a variety of those initiatives and I think again you know part of the dynamic here is really going back in and making sure that we're crystal clear on what the right price value equations are, how we navigate price gaps. So, I think as far as if you would if you're wondering whether it's a drag on the business going forward, I would say we feel pretty good about where we are on that journey and how we're set up for the back half of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-11-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP, Finance Strategy and IR Keith McLoughlin - Interim President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Steve Strycula - UBS Andrew Lazar - Barclays Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2019. With me here in New Jersey are Keith McLoughlin, Interim CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media, who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in the appendix of this presentation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Keith McLoughlin, Interim President and CEO. Keith?
Keith McLoughlin: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Today, we will discuss the progress we've made executing the significant actions we announced on August 30, following our comprehensive Board-led strategy and portfolio review and in that context, review our first quarter results. As we stated at that time, fiscal 2019 will be a transition year for Campbell as we take steps to turn around the Company, and the year-over-year results we reported today reflect that. This morning, I will give you an overview of the steps we're taking to implement our new strategy, and in that context, share my perspective on our performance. Then, our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro, will walk through the financial details of the quarter and our fiscal 2019 guidance which we reaffirmed today. Moving to Slide 4. As you'll recall, we announced on May 18, that the Board was launching its own strategy and portfolio review process, one with outside advisors and which all options were on the table. Together with those advisors, we evaluated a full slate of potential options for Campbell, including optimizing our portfolio and divesting assets, splitting the company in two and selling the entire company. After considerable analysis and evaluation and as discussed on August 30, the Board concluded that at this time, the best path forward to maximize shareholder value and maintain flexibility going forward is a three-pronged strategy. First, optimize our portfolio and focus on our core businesses with an emphasis on execution; two, divest certain non-core businesses in order to focus the Company, while significantly paying down debt; and three, to increase our successful multi-year cost saving efforts, while driving improved asset efficiency. We have not wasted time since then and we're doing what we said we would do. We are actively making Campbell a highly focused company that is built around our two core North American businesses, Snacks and Meals and Beverages. These are strong businesses, where we have the right to win with franchise brands, best-in-class products, and significant market positions. I will get into more specifics about each business in a moment, but I want to share a specific example of the greater operating discipline, resulting from our increased intensity, particularly in our core North American operations. Put simply, we are improving our execution and delivering on our commitments to create a stronger, more focused and more disciplined company. In late September, we had noted in our 10-K, that we were experiencing significant higher than expected costs, as well as considerable shipment delays across our Meals and Beverages portfolio, because of supply chain challenges we faced early in the quarter related to the start-up of a new distribution center in Ohio. This facility, which is operated by a third-party, will ultimately enable us to serve a broader customer base and provide greater service flexibility. During that same time period, our plant in Maxton, North Carolina, literally became an island as the flood waters rose from Hurricane Florence. In response, we deployed across functional team led by supply chain experts and sales leaders that displayed amazing teamwork and moved with urgency to overcome these issues with our third-party logistics provider. They made substantial improvements in the final month of the quarter to recapture the vast majority of these sales. It was a herculean effort and is indicative of new Campbell that we're building. This focus is carrying over into other areas of the Company as well. Let's start with soup. Moving to Slide 5. Within our Meals and Beverages business, our top priority is to stabilize and improve the performance of our soup business. As we have discussed, soup is a great business and we are taking it back to basics approach, leveraging our market leading brands and driving improved execution across the portfolio. In fiscal 2019, we are resetting the value proposition for U.S. soup. This starts with increased focus on our key brands, each of which we're managing with rigor and according to a specific portfolio role. Campbell's, Swanson, and Chunky are being managed to maximize margins and cash flow and Pacific and our Well Yes! brands are being managed to drive strong profitable growth. Despite the sales decline in the quarter, there are many reasons we're optimistic about soup, including greater operating discipline, improved merchandising, and a new management team, that is moving quickly and decisively to improve performance. The supply chain challenges I mentioned earlier hampered the start of the quarter, but soup gained momentum as the quarter progressed and soup sales grew in October. As we look to improve performance in soup, we outlined several areas of actions, when we spoke in August and let me highlight them here. First, our emphasis on adjusting price gaps is showing signs of progress, despite the challenging retail environment. This year we have more competitive pricing on key segments as we enter soup season versus a year ago. Second, we are optimizing our merchandising with increased frequency and breadth compared to a year ago. And third, we have refocused our marketing efforts around a new campaign with the iconic Campbell's brand front and center. In October, we launched a new contemporary campaign that features our Campbell's condensed, as the recipe starter for delicious and affordable family meals. We are driving efficiencies in our spend and focusing our marketing dollars on our most profitable brands to both increase purchase intent and strengthen long-term brand equity. We launched soup advertising later than usual this past quarter due to the distribution facility start-up issues that I previously mentioned as we sought to ensure marketing aligned with distribution capability. Soup advertising began appearing in the last two weeks of October, compared to September a year ago. While soup consumer marketing spend was lower than a year ago, we expect our soup marketing investments to normalize in the second quarter as we enter the heart of the soup season. Additionally, our Swanson broth business had a particularly good quarter. Swanson sales and share growth are driven by category momentum, expanded distribution, and a new marketing campaign that also started in October. Part of our back to basics approach on soup, includes selected consumer-driven innovation. In the quarter, we launched Campbell's Well Yes! sippable soups for affordable on-the-go snacking to attract new consumers to the category. It's early days, but the launch has gained strong distribution and early velocity is ahead of our expectations. Turning to Pacific. We are pleased with the performance of the brand and the progress of the integration. We are taking steps to increase our production efficiency and distribution capabilities at Pacific, as it continues to perform against this portfolio role to drive strong profitable growth and in line with our acquisition expectations. Our focus on operating discipline has been elevated across the division, particularly in soup. The result is a more effective Meals and Beverages leadership team that is executing well. Stabilizing soup is our top priority, given the importance of this business. We are executing the plans we outlined back in August with increased emphasis on price realization, optimized merchandising support, targeted consumer-driven innovation, and more effective and contemporary marketing focus on the iconic Campbell's master brand. We are doing the right things and are encouraged that our plans are beginning to have an impact. As we said last quarter in fiscal 2019, we will rebase soup and strengthen our value proposition in the marketplace. We have made progress against that objective to start the year. That said, we acknowledge that there's much more work to be done and it will take time to fully stabilize the business. I want to talk about the focus and execution in our snacking business and the combination of the Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance portfolios to form Campbell Snacks. The combination of these powerful portfolios establishes Campbell's as a leading player in the attractive and growing U.S. snacking market. We continue to see opportunities to drive significant top line growth and margin expansion in Campbell Snacks, as we invest and innovate across our portfolio of leading brands, capture cost synergies, and create an enhanced culture of performance and accountability. The two businesses that comprise Campbell Snacks are robust. This quarter marks the 16th consecutive quarter of organic growth in Pepperidge Farm, and the underlying Snyder's-Lance business is strong as well with share growth in six of our eight key brands this quarter, including Lance, KETTLE, Cape Cod, Pretzel Crisps, Emerald, and high double-digit growth in our Late July brand. As we've discussed previously, it's worth noting that prior to the closing of the acquisition, the former Snyder's-Lance management team executed SKU rationalization and price realization plan that didn't materialize, which have been a headwind to consumer takeaway, particularly for the Snyder's of Hanover brand. We are driving innovation across Campbell Snacks by executing against key consumer snacking insights. The combination of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance enables us to leverage a vast manufacturing network to create new innovations such as Goldfish, epic crunch. A new line in that older kids, which was developed in Pepperidge Farm's kitchens and made Snyder's-Lance bakery. There are numerous examples where we're transferring expertise across the portfolio, such as applying our real food knowledge to drive reinventions and products like Lance crackers with color source from plants, and Pop Secret made with natural flavors. As we integrate and drive synergies, we are diving into the portfolio role of these brands across our portfolio and making capital investments to support our growth franchises. Specifically, we are expanding capacity in Goldfish, Milano, and KETTLE, all of which are examples of brands that are growing and driving share growth in their respective categories. From a value capture standpoint, our Snyder's-Lance integration and synergy actions are on track. The team is delivering synergies across the business, including and manufacturing procurement, warehousing and distribution, as well as, streamlining our managing processes. In supply chain, we're leveraging our scale to reduce input cost and we are accelerating our investments in automation to improve our cost structure. We're delivering on our integration and synergy commitments, and we expect continued progress going forward. We are confident in the long-term growth and margin expansion potential for Snyder's-Lance. We have created a single Campbell snacks leadership team accountable for our North American snacks business that is applying a consumer first approach to growth, delivering against our integration efforts, and fully leveraging our deep knowledge of snacking that spans both Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. Moving to Slide 7. The second leg of our new strategy is to divest non-core assets. This serves a number of purposes, it allows us to accelerate our focus significantly pay down debt and strengthen our balance sheet. On August 30, we announced our intention to begin this divestiture process by selling Campbell International and Campbell Fresh as we focus on our core businesses in North America. We started to work immediately after our last call, to begin the process of divesting these two businesses, our financial advisors have been actively soliciting. As expected, there has been very strong initial interest from a range of potential strategic and financial buyers for these assets, because both are solid businesses made up of great brands. We continue to believe these businesses will be a greater value to new owners, who are focused on these categories and geographies. Combined, these businesses represented approximately $2.1 billion in annual net sales in fiscal 2018. We intend to use the proceeds to pay down debt and combined with ongoing strong free cash flow, we aim to achieve a target leverage ratio of 3x net debt to EBITDA by the end of fiscal 2021. We continue to expect to announce buyers for these businesses before the end of the fiscal 2019. But our overwriting goal remains to run a highly disciplined process on a timeline that will achieve the maximum value for these attractive assets. As we also stated in August, we are not complete, we will continue to review additional actions to further focus and refine our portfolio against our go-forward strategy. Moving to Slide 8. The third leg of our strategy is something that we have delivered on effectively over the last several years, cost savings. On August 30, we announced plans to cut another incremental $150 million from our overall cost as well as steps to drive asset efficiency in working capital and capital expenditures, as we build a leaner, more focused, and more agile company. We have already started on this work and have continued to deliver meaningful cost savings with an additional $45 million realized in the first quarter. This remains a core Campbell strength and we are confident in our ability to deliver the full $945 million in cumulative annualized savings by the end of fiscal 2022. Our focus on cost reductions and asset efficiencies help drive improved cash flow, which continues to allow us to return value to our shareholders with $107 million in quarterly cash dividends, while continuing to invest in our core business. As we said previously, fiscal 2019 will be a transition year for Campbell as our new management team guided by the Board operationalizes our plans to focus our portfolio and dramatically improve our execution. I want to emphasize that the actions we're implementing are the right ones at this time to create shareholder value. The Board and management team are committed to look deleveraging the Company, maintaining our investment grade credit rating and rewarding our shareholders through long-term earnings growth and competitive cash dividends. I also want to reiterate that the Board remains committed to evaluating all strategic options if they can demonstrably enhanced value above and beyond the significant actions that we are currently undertaking. With that as context, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter, we are improving our execution and our results, we're on track with our expectations, leading us to reiterate our fiscal 2019 guidance for this transition year. We're hard wiring our operating plans to our key priorities, KPIs, employee objectives, and compensation practices to build a culture of performance, we're enhanced speed, decision making, and accountability are foundational. We are breaking down silos and working together in new ways across the company as evidenced by the continued successful integrations of both Snyder's-Lance and Pacific and the speed at which we acted to fix the supply chain issues at the new distribution center, this is quite encouraging. As you can see we are moving quickly to implement the plans we announced back in August and we are making measurable progress across all of our key priorities. And now, let me turn it over to Anthony for a discussion of our financial results. Anthony?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks Keith. Before getting into the detail, I'll make a few comments on our performance. Overall, our results were in line with our expectations and we are on track to achieve our fiscal year goals. As we disclosed in our 10-K in connection with the transition to our new U.S. warehouse optimization model, we experienced start-up issues at our new Findlay, Ohio distribution center early in the quarter, which were impacting our ability to ship product to our customers. The Findlay facility, which is operated by third-party logistics provider serves as the Midwest hub for distribution or a majority of our Meals and Beverage product. In October, we are able to recover quickly from the start-up challenges and despite $12 million of incremental cost, we finished the quarter with financial results that were in line with our original expectations. As we called out on the August 30 call, we expected the first quarter to be negatively impacted by a change in revenue recognition, the voluntary recall of flavor blasted Goldfish and some continued pressure on U.S. soup as we implement our promotional programs for the upcoming soup season. The impact from a change in revenue recognition which accelerates the timing of expense related to promotional programs at a 1 point negative impact on net sales, a 50 basis point impact on gross margin, and a 4 point negative impact on adjusted EBIT, the equivalent of $0.04 per share. Our organic sales declined 3%, including the 1 point negative impact from the change in accounting. And while the Goldfish brand have recovered well, we experienced some negative impact from the July 2018 voluntary recall of flavor blasted Goldfish. Excluding these two items that were more one-time in nature, the balance of the sales decline was mostly U.S. soup. During the quarter, we implemented our promotional programs for the upcoming soup season and are encouraged by the improving trend. We continue to achieve our cost savings goals against our aggregate program, which includes Snyder's-Lance. We generated $45 million of incremental cost savings in the quarter, bringing the program to-date total to $500 million. As we've discussed, we are now targeting to reach $945 million of costs and synergy savings by the end of 2022. We are pleased with the progress made on the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. The integration of these businesses is on track and the financial performance is meeting our expectations. Combined, the acquisitions were neutral to our adjusted EPS results in the quarter. Given our first quarter performance and outlook for the balance of the year, we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal 2019. And in connection with our plan announced August 30, we intend to divest our international snacking business and the Campbell Fresh business. Together with our financial advisors, we've initiated divestiture processes and have seen significant buyer interest for both businesses. I will now review our detailed results. For the first quarter, net sales on an as reported basis increased 25% to approximately $2.7 billion, reflecting the recent acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods, and as I mentioned, organic sales declined 3%. Adjusted EBIT decreased 2% to $410 million, excluding the 4 point negative impact from the change in revenue recognition, adjusted EBIT increased 2%, driven primarily by the incremental earnings from the recent acquisitions, partially offset by 12 point decline on the base business reflecting gross margin pressure. Adjusted EPS decreased 14% or $0.13 to $0.79 per share, reflecting adjusted EBIT declines in the base business, including the $0.04 negative impact from the change in revenue recognition, partly offset by lower adjusted tax rate. In aggregate, the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods had no net impact on adjusted EPS in the quarter. Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales declined 3%, driven by higher promotional spending and lower volume. Lower volumes were primarily the result of decline in U.S. soup. Promotional spending negatively impacted net sales by two points, one point of which was the result of the new revenue accounting guidance, which accelerates the timing of promotional expense. The impact of the accounting change is not expected to be material for the fiscal year. The balance of the increase in promotional spending primarily reflects increased spending on the U.S. soup business. There was a one point negative impact on net sales from currency translation this quarter. And the recent additions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio, added 29 percentage points, bringing our as reported net sales increase to 25%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 4.9 point in the quarter. Excluding a 190 basis point dilutive impact from the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined three points, while the acquisitions are reducing our overall margins as we add them to the portfolio, we are confident that the margins on these businesses will increase over time as we integrate them into Campbell and achieve targeted cost and synergy savings. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 290 basis points, a majority of which was cost inflation, which on a rate basis increased approximately 4.5%, reflecting higher prices on steel cans, vegetables, wheat, dairy and resins as well as the continuing escalation of transportation and logistics costs. The balance of the margin decline was driven primarily by higher than expected distribution costs associated with the start-up of the Findlay, Ohio, distribution facility. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Higher promotional spending including the 50 basis points impact of the change in revenue recognition, had a negative impact of 140 basis points. Portfolio mix had a negative impact of 20 basis points. Pricing had a positive impact of 30 basis points, reflecting actions taken in our Global Biscuits and Snacks segment. Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost savings program contributed 120 basis points of margin improvement. All in our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased to 31.6%. Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 12% in the quarter, due primarily to the impact of recent acquisitions, probably offset by lower advertising on the base business within Meals and Beverages. The reduction in spending reflects a reallocation of support from advertising to promotional spending, reduced support levels in light of the distribution challenges, faced earlier in the quarter and a later start to our U.S. soup campaigns relative to the prior year. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 19% to $163 million, due primarily to the impact of recent acquisitions. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, adjusted administrative expenses increased slightly, reflecting costs associated with the current proxy contest. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.13 from $0.92 in the prior year quarter to $0.79 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, adjusted EBIT had a negative $0.01 impact on EPS, reflecting lower EBIT on the base business, inclusive of a $0.04 negative impact from the change in revenue recognition, partly offset by the addition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. Net interest expense increased by $63 million, a $0.16 negative impact to EPS, driven by an increase in the debt levels to fund our recent acquisitions and reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. Our adjusted EPS benefited from a lower adjusted effective tax rate, increasing EPS by $0.04. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24.3% in the quarter, which declined by 3.9 percentage points, due primarily to the lower U.S. federal tax rate, offset partly by the favorable settlement of certain U.S. state tax matters in the prior year quarter. And lastly, there was a $0.01 negative impact on EPS from currency translation this quarter, completing the bridge to $0.79 per share. And although not shown on the chart, in aggregate, the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods were neutral to adjusted EPS. Now turning to our segment results. In Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 5%, driven primarily by declines in U.S. soup, Prego and Canada partly offset by gains in V8 beverages. The segment sales were negatively impacted by one point from the change in revenue recognition. Excluding the benefit from the acquisition of Pacific Foods and the impact from the change in revenue recognition, sales of U.S. soup decreased 6%, driven by declines in ready-to-serve and condensed soups, partly offset by gains in broth. The sales decline in U.S. soup, reflects continued competitive pressure across the market and increased promotional spending. We are encouraged by the improved trends through the quarter as we implemented our promotional plans for the upcoming soup season, while consumer takeaway dollar sales declined 7% in the quarter, they were comparable to the prior year in the last four-week period. We are also encouraged by the performance of V8 beverages, which achieved sales gains in the quarter driven by V8 +Energy and the core vegetable juice business. Segment operating earnings declined 11% to $294 million. The decrease was driven primarily by a lower gross margin percentage, partly offset by lower advertising expenses. Gross margin performance reflects the impact of higher levels of cost inflation, increased promotional spending, including the impact from the change in revenue recognition and higher than expected distribution costs associated with the Findlay, Ohio distribution facility start-up. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending October 28, 2018, the category showed a decline, decreasing 40 basis points. Our sales in measured channels, including Pacific on a pro forma basis declined 4.6%, as we continue to wrap the major customer issue that we started to face a year ago. We had a 58.6% market share for the 52-week period, down 250 basis points from the year ago period. Private label grew share, increasing 160 basis points, primarily reflecting gains and brought finishing at 15.9%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.5%, increasing 90 basis points. Although not shown on the chart for the four-week period ending October 28, 2018, our sales, the measured channels were up 20 basis points, a notable improvement versus the latest 52-week period. In Global Biscuits and Snacks sales were $1,218 billion in the quarter, including $554 million from the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Please note that we've moved the Latin America business to the Meals and Beverages segment and have adjusted prior period results. Excluding the benefit from the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, and the negative impact from currency translation, organic sales decreased 1%, driven primarily by declines in Kelsen cookies in the U.S. Sales of Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish crackers increased slightly in the quarter. As expected sales of Goldfish crackers were negatively impacted by the voluntary product recall in July 2018, although we are very pleased with how the brand has recovered. On Snyder's-Lance, it is important to note that the SKU rationalization and price realization initiatives are having a negative impact on sales growth, particularly on the Snyder's of Hanover brand. While SKU rationalization is having a short-term impact on sales, this action will result in a more streamlined and profitable portfolio going forward. Snyder's-Lance sales performance was in line with our expectations with the core brands achieving sales growth as measured by consumer takeaway and with six of the eight core brands achieving market share gains. Segment operating earnings increased 32% to $154 million, reflecting a 45 point benefit from the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, segment operating earnings declined, due primarily to a lower gross margin, reflecting higher level of cost inflation. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales decreased 1% to $232 million driven by declines in refrigerated soup, Garden Fresh Gourmet, and Bolthouse Farms refrigerated beverages, partly offset by gains in carrots. Segment operating loss was $3 million compared to a loss of $6 million in the prior year. Although modest, the stick this $3 million year-over-year improvement reflects improved operational efficiency in beverages, partly offset by the impact of refrigerated soup volume decline. As disclosed in our non-GAAP reconciliation in corporate, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge on the fixed asset of our refrigerated soup plant as we consider a potential sale as part of our planned divestiture of the Campbell Fresh segment. On a companywide basis, cash from operations increased to $231 million compared to $188 million in 2018, as lower working capital requirements and lower payments and hedging activities were probably offset by lower cash earnings. The cash outlay for capital expenditures, with $111 million, $53 million higher than the prior year, reflecting the timing of cash payments as well as investment to support our cost savings initiatives and the addition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $400 million for fiscal 2019. We paid dividends totaling $107 million compared to $111 million in 2018. As previously announced, we suspended our share repurchases in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 as a result of the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Net debt of $9.6 billion is up from $3.3 billion a year ago, reflecting the impact of the $6.1 billion acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, and the $700 million acquisition of Pacific Foods, partly offset by positive cash flow generated by the base business. As part of our August 30 plan, we have initiated processes to divest our international snacking business and Campbell Fresh and we'll use the proceeds from these divestitures to reduce debt and improve our leverage ratio. Now, I'll review our 2019 guidance, which is unchanged from August 30. As we did previously, we are providing guidance based on our existing portfolio of businesses and also on a pro forma basis, assuming planned divestitures were completed as of the start of the fiscal year with proceeds used to reduce debt. I'll start with the guidance pre-divestitures. We expect sales to increase to a range of $9,975 billion to $10,100 billion as we benefit from the incremental impact of both the Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions. This top line guidance implies that organic sales are expected to decline slightly, while we're seeing improved trends as we implement our promotional programs, we anticipate that U.S. soup sales will decline in 2019. In addition, we expect sales in Campbell Fresh to be negatively impacted as two major private label refrigerated soup customers will in-source production starting in 2019. We expect adjusted EBIT to be in the range of $1,370 billion to $1,410 billion as declines on our base business are mostly offset by the incremental acquisition impact of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. Both of these acquired businesses are performing in line with our expectations and represent significant long-term growth opportunities. The EBIT decline on the base business reflects the anticipated decline in organic sales, the negative impact of 4% to 5% cost inflation on gross margin, and the negative impact from higher incentive compensation, which was significantly reduced in 2018. We are forecasting a decline in our gross margin percentage of approximately 2 point as cost inflation and higher promotional spending, are only partly offset by 3% cost productivity and benefits from cost savings. Gross margin trends are expected to improve in the back half of the year for several reasons. A positive impact from the change in accounting, wrapping the Snyder's-Lance acquisition, pricing actions were currently implementing in the marketplace, phasing of productivity gains and some moderation of year-on-year cost inflation. We expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.53 per share. The delta between EBIT and EPS performance is primarily driven by the interest expense associated with the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. We expect interest expense in the range of $375 million to $390 million, and an adjusted tax rate of approximately 25%. And against our cost and synergy target, we expect to retrieve $120 million of savings. We are also providing forecast for 2019 on a pro forma basis, assuming the planned divestitures were completed as of the beginning of the fiscal year and based on the use of estimated proceeds to reduce debt. As you can see on the chart, our sales base decline to about $8 billion, adjusted EBIT to a range of $1,230 billion to $1,270 billion, and adjusted EPS to a range of $2.40 to $2.50. The overall anticipated dilution from the divestitures is modest given the current level of profitability of the Campbell Fresh division. As I've stated, we've initiated divestiture process for both Campbell International and Sea Fresh and have seen significant buyer interest for both businesses. That concludes my remarks. And now, I'll turn it back to Keith.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Thank you, Anthony. And before we open up the call to questions, I just want to touch on the CEO search process. The Board has been extremely thorough to make sure it selects the right candidate to lead Campbell through this important time. This is a very attractive role to a number of highly qualified internal and external candidates. The Board continues to have extensive discussions with a number of candidates who possess deep experience in consumer packaged goods and a strong track record of proven results. The Board continues to expect to name a permanent CEO by the end of the calendar year. In summary, we're seeing the early signs of improved execution and performance this quarter. We're confident that our plans provide a clear strategic path forward and a strong foundation for executing the Campbell turnaround. We are squarely focused on our plan and will not be distracted from our mission, executing the plan to maximize value for all shareholders, much more work lies ahead, but we're pleased with the overall pace of our progress. And now, let me turn it back to Ken to open up the call for your questions. Ken?
Ken Gosnell: Thanks Keith. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, I request out of courtesy to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Crystal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess my question is just around the cost savings, I think it was $45 million of savings in the first quarter and you're still guiding to a $120 million for the year and I think, Anthony, you said that you expected more productivity in the back half. So could you just square, I guess if we're running at $45 million in the first quarter, why the savings won’t be more than $120 million for the full year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, sure, Bryan. So as you pointed out, we are at $45 million against the full year guidance of $120 million. So that's about two-thirds of that will come through cost, the other third through SG&A. My comment earlier about cost savings was meant to address productivity. So in addition to these cost savings programs, we target 3% of cost - of productivity savings every year and it's those savings that are a little bit more phased to the back half than the first half this year. So that was what I was addressing.
Bryan Spillane: So the comps productivity was less than 3%, than in the first quarter?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask Keith, you got a bit of a chance here to see Campbell's from the Chief Executive Officer role, obviously you've been on the Board for years. You have $945 million laid out in the synergy capture, $500 million already achieved, $445 million left to go. Simple math would say that this is worth more than a $1 a share in terms of gross impact to Campbell's. Consensus estimates, couple of years out Keith, they only go up like $0.20. The question to you is, you’ve got a chance to look at these savings, are they real? Do you believe in this buck a share or better in savings potential? And then how much of this can actually go down to the bottom line on Campbell's or do you foresee most or all of this needing to be reinvested back into the business to restore top line growth?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, that's a good question, and I think you partly answered a lot of that actually. So I think these numbers are real and having been on the Board for a few years, I've watched the Company execute on these cost initiatives and now, of course, being with the management team here, I see why they're good at it. It's a very disciplined and robust process and we track it rigorously, and of course, now in the middle of those meetings. So my confidence that we'll do it is high. As you know, to get to the $945 million, you have the $0.5 billion of the current program which is getting close to being complete or at least meeting that number. We've got the $295 million from Snyder's-Lance and we're reporting on that frequently as you can imagine, and we put the challenge up with another $150 million. So I would say that of the $945 million, that's $150 million - additional $150 million is where we’ve got to get more traction, we've got to get more line of sight, we've got obviously work underway to do that, but there is more work to do there. But Anthony, you've been leading the big part of those for us for several years and now with the new – can you add to that?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, totally agree Keith, that we're highly confident against the $945 million. I think the other way to come out is in the context of our long-term growth algorithm and how do you get from 1% to 2% sales to 4% to 6% EBIT growth. And that delta implies about 50 basis points of margin expansion every year, and if you do the math against where we are today to the $945 million, it implies a little bit of - little over half of those cost savings need to go to expand margins. The other chunk of it can go back into the business to reinvest to grow the brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Anthony, you outlined $12 million in cost, I think it was related to the Ohio facility. I want to understand in the first quarter, if you were to add up to the Ohio costs or the incremental freight cost, the hurricane cost, could you give a number for what the totality of those costs were? And then as you offset that, obviously, marketing was little lower, was that the main offset to that incremental costs in the quarter?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, that's pretty close. I think if you look at the $0.13 decline in EPS and back out taxes and currency, you've got a $0.17 decline. Of that $0.17 decline, $0.04 is revenue recognition, $0.03 is Findlay. The hurricane did not really have a significant impact when all is said and done. And then the balance of it which is $0.10 are combination of the gross margin pressure, the lower organic sales, partly offset by the reduction in advertising and consumer spending is how you get there.
Chris Growe: And did you say, how much the advertising, just that piece that was down in the quarter?
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, I think in the press release, we say, we're up 13 selling and marketing and 28 points of that increase is the acquisition. So we're down double digits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: When you talk on Slide 5 about your plan to stabilize soup, there's some, I think low hanging fruit there that are the right moves in terms of price gaps and merchandising and so forth. But what I think it’s still to me not apparent in the plan is how you will drive consumers to get more excited by and interested in your core soup product? Reason I'm saying that is the only innovation I see here is on the Well Yes!, sipping soup side, which is not that big of a product, right? And then on Slide 23, you talk about everyone want what's next, so there's not a single product in the next column, that's a core Campbell Soup or Chunky product also. So I guess, what I'm trying to figure out what is the plan to spark sustained consumer interest in the core Campbell Soup red and white can as well as Chunky, any help there would be, I think very useful?
Keith McLoughlin: Sure. It's good question. Of course, you have - at the end of the day, what we're going to get paid for in soup is relevant consumer innovation. So you're right on target with the question. We've got to bring more relevant innovation at a faster rate to consumers. We're going to do that in a couple of ways. One is a big theme, as you know is focus, right. How do we focus on those core brands, those core categories, where we have strength, where we got more competition. And so the redeploy or deploy the R&D dollars against those key categories. It's going to be in areas like convenience. It's going to be in areas like meal preparation, right. How do you deal - how do you take away that 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM nightmare that happens in every household, like what's for dinner, it's going to be in healthy and vegetables, cooking - leveraging our cooking expertise, right and helping people deal with that timeframe to say here's an easy way to take some chicken or salmon and with this ingredients, with these capabilities make a healthy meal for your family. So it's going to be in those areas. Actually we've got lots of neat stuff happening, I'm very excited to get together with you all during Investor Day to show you some of the stuff that Roberto and his team have under the hood there, but it's not yet ready for prime time, but your point is well made and well taken, it's - we're going to paid for relevant innovations, that could bring excitement back into the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: I guess I had a similar question as Ken did, but it was specifically about millennials. I thought, I remember 3 months ago that there was going to be a more concerted effort to target younger consumers with the Campbell brand and specifically in cooking. And I didn't see much here in terms of how you're doing that maybe your answer is the same wait until the Analyst Day. But then secondly, what I did see in the market a lot, was a lot of 10 for 10 - 10 cans of condensed soup for $10, what was the decision to go back to that, in the past I've heard that the Company really didn't want to discount that deeply in condensed, is that changing now?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, I would say actually to your first part of your question around the millennials, we are - probably maybe you haven't seen yet, but we started in the last two weeks of October, a new campaign to buy condensed specifically against millennials and especially to show millennials, how to take the Campbell's condensed soup and use it for meal preparation. So you remember exactly correctly and actually the new campaign is right on that specific target segment with that featured benefit that you mentioned. In terms of the actual promotion, I can't speak the detail. I don't know, Anthony, if you have an experience on the 10 for one?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I mean, historically, our issue on 10 for 10 has been on our RTF , right, more though and that's what we wanted to get away from we have, it's not unusual to see 10 for 10 on some of the condensed side of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Strycula from UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Strycula: Quick question, on the gross margin piece what Anthony, what builds the confidence for the second half margin recovery on the gross margin rate maybe speak to what inflation assumptions are some of the headwinds that kind of dissipate? And then a quick follow-on would be on the international snacking piece, is that about a $1.2 billion revenue entity was call it $230 million of EBITDA, just some parameters would be helpful? Thanks.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, so on the gross margin point. Obviously, we're down in the first quarter, there is some unusual things in there 60 basis points related to Findlay, 50 basis points on revenue recognition from higher trade on U.S. soup, cost inflation is running in that 4% to 5% range as we expected. Key drivers being steel, wheat, vegetables, dairy and resins. As we look ahead to the balance of the year, we do expect improving trends, right. There is a number of reasons for that. First is the accounting change, the revenue recognition is a bad guy in the first half is a positive in the second half. Second and this is an important one, we're going to wrap the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance end of March. So it turns from a being dilutive mix impact to a positive contributor to organic margin expansion. Third, we have communicated to our customers pricing actions that we're taking in a number of brands and is - these will go into effect in the second half have some impact and certainly have more impact as we move into 2020. Also we'll start to wrap some of the more significant inflation, so that should moderate a little bit. And as I said earlier on the call, our ongoing 3% productivity program, there's a little back-end loaded this year relative to other. So those are the four or five things that give us confidence that these trends will improve throughout the year. And on your other question, you're - I think you're right on the international sales. We're not going to break down the EBITDA at that level given where we are in these divestiture processes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Just two quick things, one, I think on the last call you talked about U.S. soup probably worth about 1 point of a decline for the full year in total Company sales. I want to get a sense if that was still around what you were thinking? And then second, I'm just trying to square your comments from an earlier question around reinvesting maybe a little less than half of sort of the savings over the period of time back into the business. Were there some comments last quarter where you weren't necessarily, you didn't sound that you were expecting a significant reinvestment more of a reallocation from some brands to more disproportionate spending on some others, I wanted to make sure I just understood how to square those two comments? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, so on the sales part of it. Yes. So U.S. soup performance, we do expect soup sales will be down on a year of probably worth comes to a point to total company sales. The other headwind that we're facing is that the two major private label fresh soup customers moving to in-sourcing that will have a negative impact as we go through the year. In terms of the reinvestment, Andrew, I think if you just look at our - like, I said, if you look at our EBIT versus our sales, long-term algorithm is worth about 50 basis points, and that 50 basis point is about $60 million to $70 million of incremental EBIT every year. And then if you just work out the math on the program to go in terms of the annual savings, you need a little over half of that to go to that margin expansion. Now that's a little bit simplistic because obviously you have a basket of items that are going up or down in that EBIT bridge. But I think high level, that's about what we would expect to see happen going forward.
Andrew Lazar: And Anthony around the reinvestment is a lot of it more in the marketing seeing consumer spend side or are there maybe spending that needs to be done behind capabilities in terms of what you need going forward that maybe we're less aware of?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, no, I think that's a good question, it's just probably all of the above, right, I mean, it's not just limited to one area of investment, right. You're going to increase capabilities, one way or another whether in technology, or in people, or in brands, or in products. So yes, we've talked about this before and things like digital and e-commerce, we have been stepping up our level of investment and we'll continue to do.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney: Just wanted to ask a question on the gross margin, I guess, a related issue, which is the affordability. When I look at the 2-year progress, 1-year progress in gross margin even backing out the acquisition impact, it now compares unfavorably to I think a lot of your peers directly. And juxtapose that with the conversation about affordability, I guess I just wonder me looking at the data, I wonder how much of the issue is affordability per se and where is that data coming from? Is that the consumer, the retailer that's telling you that the products aren't affordable, particularly I assume that relate largely to the meals business and soup specifically. So I guess where's that data coming from? And are you confident that gross margins have bottomed and are going up from here on an organic basis you're setting aside whatever effect of the planned divestitures might have? Thank you very much.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, I might need you to say a little bit more about the affordability part of the question, but just kind of generally relative to gross margins. Of course as our gross margins as you stated have been compressed here in the last couple of years, primarily driven by the under the performance in Sea Fresh and the major issue we've had with a major customer in soup. I mean that's a not insignificant challenge to our margins. And as we're stating and as you're seeing, we're starting to see getting traction, we are divesting the Sea Fresh side. And then in soup, it looks like we're getting traction both with a key customer and also in general. So that gives us confidence, we'll get the cost that work, we'll get the synergies from Snyder's-Lance, get their gross margins back closer to where Pepperidge Farm's are and that combination gives us confidence that the gross margin will expand. Would you had another question around affordability, I just want to make sure I get the question?
Operator: And it actually looks like the caller has disconnected.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay.
Operator: So that will conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Keith McLoughlin for any closing remarks.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Thank you, and thanks, everyone. I just - a couple of concluding remarks, hopefully, you can kind of get the little bit of the picture here that there are changes happening at Campbell's. We're in a turnaround and we're executing against the plan we laid out on August 30. We're pleased that the first quarter results give us the ability to reaffirm guidance for the full year. We're getting traction, we're seeing early signs of progress for the turnaround, but there is still a ton of work in front of us. So we are by no means declaring victory, this is the beginning - this is the beginning of the turnaround with the Campbell Soup Company. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to reporting to you back on Q2 earnings call. Have a great day, and for those in the U.S., a very Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-08-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations Keith McLoughlin - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Steve Strycula - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Campbell’s fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 earnings call. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who will participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. With that, I will turn the call over to Keith McLoughlin, Interim President and CEO. Keith?
Keith McLoughlin: Thanks, Ken and good morning everyone. Today, we will walk through our fourth quarter and full year results, cover the actions we are taking as a result of our comprehensive board-led strategy and portfolio review, and provide fiscal 2019 guidance and our updated long-term targets. Anthony will first handle the financial details of the quarter and the fiscal year, and then I will provide an in-depth review of the significant strategic actions we have planned. Before I turn it over to Anthony, let me share some high level thoughts on what we announced on our press releases this morning. It was a tough end to a difficult year. At the 3 months in my role as Interim CEO and digging into the operations with the new management team, it’s abundantly clear to me that the company is in need of greater focus and discipline. We have to run Campbell with a much tougher set of operating and financial standards. Despite our execution challenges, during the year we completed the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance, the largest transaction in the company’s history which expands and strengthens our position in the growing snacks category. We also added Pacific Foods, a leader in organic soups and broths through our company. Both acquisitions bring valuable and growing brands that align with and complement our core capabilities and a more focused portfolio. On top of these transactions, we continue to deliver against our multiyear cost saving programs. The results we delivered in fiscal 2018 along with our outlook for fiscal 2019 reinforce the rationale for why we undertook the strategy and portfolio review in the first place and the need for the significant actions we are taking to turn the company around. There are three critical action steps coming out of the review. First, Campbell must become a more focused company; second, to accelerate this focus, we need to divest certain non-core businesses and to use the proceeds to significantly pay down debt and strengthen our balance sheet; and third, we must further reduce cost and increase our asset efficiency to reflect a leaner, more focused, and agile enterprise we are building. These actions are designed to return the company to long-term organic sales and earnings growth. I will cover all of this and more in greater detail shortly. I want to emphasize that the actions we announced today are the right moves at this time to create shareholder value. The board and management team are committed to de-leveraging the company, maintaining our investment grade credit rating, and rewarding our shareholders through dividends. The board also remains open and committed to evaluating all strategic options if they can demonstrably enhance value. With that, let me turn the call over to Anthony to cover our financial results.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks Keith. Before getting into the details, I will make a few comments on our performance. Our results for the quarter were in line with our recent guidance despite having to overcome the impact of the voluntary recall of flavor blasted Goldfish which we announced in July. In the fourth quarter the recall had a negative impact of approximately $0.04 on adjusted EPS and is expected to have some continuing impact in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We are pleased with the performance of Snyder’s-Lance, which exceeded our expectations and helped to offset the impact of the recall. As you will see, in this non-seasonal quarter, sales of U.S. soup declined by double digits. The decline reflects the continuing impact of our performance with our key customer, increased competitive activity, and reductions in promotional activity across the balance of the market. We are now in the process of implementing our pricing and promotional programs for the upcoming soup season, and as we wrap our issues from last year, we expect the trends in this business to improve. We have continued our success in delivering against our cost savings target. In the quarter, we generated an incremental $30 million of savings on the base Campbell program bringing the year-to-date total to $95 million and the program to-date total to $420 million. Keith will talk about our plans to expand this program going forward. Lastly Keith will also share the results of our strategy and portfolio review and the actions we plan to take beginning in 2019. As we have stated before 2019 will be a transition year and I will review our guidance in detail. From that new 2019 base, we will be well positioned to deliver sustainable sales and earnings growth. I will now review our detailed results. For the fourth quarter net sales on an as reported basis increased 33% to $2.219 billion. Excluding a 36-point benefit from the acquisitions of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods, organic net sales declined 3% reflecting declines in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and reflect about a one point negative impact attributable to the Goldfish recall. Adjusted EBIT in the quarter was comparable to the prior year at $281 million. Excluding the impact of the Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions adjusted EBIT declined 16% also due to declines in the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment. Adjusted EPS decreased 52% or $0.27 to $0.25 per share reflecting the EBIT decline ex-acquisitions, and the negative timing impact on the tax rate which we discussed last quarter. Overall, our EPS results were in line with our expectations. For the full year as reported net sales increased 10% and organic net sales declined by 2% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT declined 6% to $1.408 billion. Excluding the impact of the recent acquisitions adjusted EBIT decreased 10% and adjusted EPS of $2.87 was down 6%. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter organic net sales declined 3% driven by lower volume and increased sales allowances and promotional spending. The recall of Goldfish crackers had a one point negative impact on organic sales in the quarter. Lower volumes were primarily the result of declines in our U.S. soup business. The increase in sales allowances negatively impacted total company sales by approximately one percentage point inclusive of costs associated with the voluntary recall of flavor blasted Goldfish crackers. Overall, promotional spending rate increased in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages driven by U.S. soup and in Global Biscuits and Snacks reflecting increased spending behind Arnott’s biscuits in Australia. There was no impact on sales from currency translation this quarter. The recent additions of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio added 36 percentage points bringing our as reported sales increase to 33%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 5.6 points in the quarter. Excluding the dilutive impact from the acquisitions of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 2.6 points. While the acquisitions are reducing our overall margins as we add them to the portfolio, we are confident that the margins on these businesses will increase significantly over time as we integrate them into Campbell and achieve targeted cost and synergy savings. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 270 basis points, a majority of which was cost inflation, which on a rate basis increased approximately 4% reflecting higher prices on dairy, meat, steel cans and resins as well as the continuing escalation of transportation and logistics costs. The balance of the decline was driven by losses on open commodity contracts as compared to gains in the year ago quarter and the cost associated with the voluntary recall of flavor blasted Goldfish crackers. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Portfolio mix had a negative impact of 70 basis points. The higher promotional spending in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks that I previously mentioned had a negative impact of 50 basis points. Pricing had a negative impact of 40 basis points reflecting higher customer returns and allowances due in part to the voluntary product recall. Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost savings program, contributed 170 basis points of margin improvement. Overall, the recall on Goldfish had a 70 basis point negative impact on gross margin. All-in, our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased to 30.6%. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 28% in the quarter due primarily to the impact of recent acquisitions. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 22% to $151 million also due primarily to the impact of recent acquisitions. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, adjusted administrative expenses were comparable to the prior year as consulting costs incurred in connection with the board led strategic review and increased benefit costs were offset by lower incentive compensation expenses. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.27 from $0.52 in the prior year quarter to $0.25 per share in the current quarter. Overall, adjusted EBIT had no impact on EPS as the addition of Snyder’s-Lance was offset by lower EBIT on the balance of the business. Adjusted net interest expense increased by $64 million, a $0.13 negative impact to EPS driven by an increase in the debt level to fund our recent acquisitions and reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. Our adjusted EPS decline also reflects $0.13 from a higher adjusted effective tax rate. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter increased by about 22 percentage points to 59% as the timing of tax expense on an adjusted basis was negatively impacted by the impairment charges taken in the prior quarter. And lastly, benefiting from share repurchases in prior periods, a lower share count added a $0.01 benefit to EPS completing the bridge to $0.25 per share. Although not shown on the chart, the Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions in aggregate had a negative EPS impact of approximately $0.04. As I mentioned earlier, the performance of Snyder’s-Lance exceeded our expectations in the quarter. Now, turning to our segment results, in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 6% driven primarily by declines in U.S. Soup and in Canada. Excluding the benefit of the acquisition of Pacific Foods, sales of U.S. Soup declined 14% reflecting declines in condensed, ready-to-serve and broth. The decline reflects the continuing impact of our performance with a key customer, increased competitive activity and reductions in promotional activity across the balance of the market. As I mentioned promotional programs for the upcoming soup season are currently being implemented, which we expect will improve our sales trends as we move through fiscal 2019. We are seeing improvement in our V8 Vegetable Juice business was delivered sales comparable to last year with consumption gains in V8 Original and V8 Energy. Segment operating earnings declined 21% in the quarter to $155 million. The decline was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage. Segment gross margin performance continued to be impacted by escalating cost inflation including transportation and logistics costs as well as from steel, meat and vegetables. I want to mention that in connection with our annual testing of intangible assets, we have recorded an impairment charge on the carrying value of the Plum trademark of $0.14 per share in our as reported EPS within corporate reflecting current performance which was below our expectations and a revised future outlook. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending July 29, 2018, the category continued to show growth increasing 40 basis points. However, our sales in measured channels including Pacific on a pro forma basis declined 3.5%. We had a 59% market share for the 52-week period, down 2.4 points from the year ago period. Our consumption and share decline are attributable to our performance with a key customer which we previously discussed. Private label grew share by 140 basis points primarily reflecting gains in broth finishing at 15.5%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.5% increasing one point. In Global Biscuits and Snacks sales were $1.202 billion in the quarter including $565 million from the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. Excluding the benefit of the acquisition, organic sales were comparable to prior year and reflected 2 point negative impact on segment sales from the voluntary product recall of flavor blasted Goldfish crackers. Segment operating earnings increased 42% to $158 million, primarily driven by the addition of Snyder’s-Lance to the portfolio. Excluding the 45 point benefit from the acquisition, segment earnings declined slightly reflecting lower gross margin performance, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses and lower administrative expenses. Excluding the Goldfish recall, which had a 14 point negative impact operating earnings ex-acquisition increased double digits. In the Campbell Fresh segment organic sales increased 1% to $228 million driven by gains in Garden Fresh Gourmet and carrot ingredients. This segment had an operating loss of $7 million in the quarter compared to a loss of $8 million in the prior year. On a companywide basis cash from operations increased slightly to $1.305 billion compared to $1.291 billion in 2017 as reductions in working capital were partly offset by lower cash earnings. Capital expenditures were $407 million, $69 million higher than the prior year reflecting investments to support our cost savings initiatives as well as the addition of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio. We paid dividends totaling $426 million compared to $420 million in 2017. In aggregate, we repurchased $86 million of shares on a year-to-date basis, $75 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity based compensation. As previously announced, we suspended our share repurchases following the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. Net debt of $9.7 billion is up from $3.2 billion a year ago reflecting the impact of the $6.1 billion acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and the $700 million acquisition of Pacific Foods, partly offset by positive cash flow from the base business. As we have stated we plan to use the proceeds from the divestitures to pay down debt and reduce our leverage ratios. Now I will turn it back to Keith.
Keith McLoughlin: Thanks Anthony. On our third quarter earnings call, we announced that Campbell would be undertaking a comprehensive Board led strategy and portfolio review to develop a path forward for the company that maximizes shareholder value. This morning, we announced the initial set of significant actions to help us improve Campbell’s performance and create economic value. Before discussing the details of the review in depth, let me first provide an overview of the process we undertook. The Board engaged outside advisors to conduct a thorough and objective review of the company and provide a fresh unbiased assessment of our strengths, weaknesses, strategy and execution. One of the first steps we took was to examine the factors that led to our performance and execution challenge. It’s important for me to articulate these so that our shareholders can hear how we plan to correct them and improve our results going forward. Simply put, we lost focus. We lost focus strategically. We had too many initiatives that made the company unnecessarily complex. We are in the food business and the ag business. We had growth businesses and we had cash businesses. We are focused on startup businesses and venture capital investing. We aggressively pursued the important consumer mega-trend of health and well-being without having clarity on our source of uniqueness or whether we brought a competitive advantage to the space and we depended too much on M&A to shape our business strategy. We lost focus within our products and brands. We did not manage our portfolio in a differentiated manner. We pushed cash businesses for growth and we under-funded growth businesses. Our resource and capital allocation discipline was inadequate and we didn’t properly align our resources with our core business franchises where we have strong market positions, unique capabilities and the right to win. Lastly, we lost focus in process and execution. Our management processes lacked the necessary operating discipline. We created too many silos throughout the company, where decision rights were unclear. We lacked agility and we are slow to react to customer needs. And finally, we didn’t have a culture of accountability, which led to poor execution. To round out this picture, we also faced industry-wide headwinds such as shifting consumer trends, our dynamic and changing retail environment and more recently significant cost inflation, all of which weighed on our performance. In addition to understanding these challenges, the review also highlighted several of Campbell’s strengths, which we will build upon going forward. And these strengths are indeed enviable. We possess iconic brands with strong market positions. We have scale and market competencies within our core CPG categories, the majority of which are in growing segments. We have strong supply chain and manufacturing capabilities, where we have a heritage of making great tasting, real food that is both affordable and convenient. We know how to reduce costs and have consistently delivered our cost saving programs ahead of schedule. We have solid margins and cash flow generation. And Campbell has a deep keel. As a 150-year-old company, we have talent, capability and commitment that is both broad and deep. With greater focus, clarity and alignment, our people can and will execute on our new direction. Going into the review, we recognized that meaningful changes were necessary. As I stated back in May, everything is on the table. We entered the review process with a completely open mind. And as we committed, the board together with our advisors considered a full slate of options, including optimizing our portfolio and divesting assets and businesses, splitting the company in two or selling the entire company. After considerable analysis and evaluation, the Board concluded that at this time the best path forward to maximize shareholder value is to optimize the portfolio and divest certain assets. We will focus our portfolio on two core distinct businesses within the North American market, Campbell Snacks and Campbell Meals and Beverages, where we would be able to leverage our iconic brands and leading market positions. To accelerate this focus, we are pursuing significant divestitures. In addition, we are increasing our cost savings by $150 million to reflect the leaner and more focused company that we need to become and we are liberating an additional $350 million in cash through working capital efficiencies and more disciplined capital expenditures. Moving to the next slide, a major lever to drive our more focused portfolio is divesting non-core businesses. We are pursuing the sale of our Campbell international business, which includes Arnott’s and the Kelsen Group and Campbell’s fresh business, which includes Bolthouse Farms, Garden Fresh Gourmet and refrigerated soup business. These proposed divestitures represent approximately $2.1 billion in net sales in fiscal year 2018. We have engaged top tier financial advisors to run a disciplined process that will achieve maximum value. We intend to use the proceeds from these divestitures to significantly reduce debt and are targeting a pro forma EBITDA leverage ratio of 3.0x by fiscal year 2021. While these are great brands and solid businesses, they do not fit with our new strategic direction and we believe they will be of greater value to new owners who are focused on these categories and geographies. I want to stress that we will continue to identify additional actions to further optimize our portfolio going forward. Turning to the next slide, the direction we have chosen will focus our portfolio on categories and geographies, where we have a right to win because of our demonstrated capabilities, scale and expertise. It will drive absolute clarity and alignment throughout the enterprise and it will improve our operational discipline by implementing a rigorous management model. While we are making significant changes, we remain committed to our purpose, real food that matters for life’s moments. It is the reason why we do what we do. Consumers continue to seek out delicious and affordable foods that are responsibly crafted with real recognizable ingredients. People want to know what’s in their food and how it’s made. A vision for Campbell is to be a leading focused snacks and simple meals company with a portfolio of best-in-class products and brands in our core North American market that generates sustainable value for our shareholders, our customers and our consumers. We based this strategy on the strengths I reviewed at the outset. One of the reasons that we chose to build our portfolio around Campbell Snacks and Campbell’s Meals and Beverages is the distinct competitive advantages and leadership positions we enjoy in both of these businesses. We benefit from high brand equity with consumers, strong product attributes and enviable market positions. In fact, more than 95% of all U.S. households have a Campbell product in them. Campbell remains deeply committed to our strong heritage of delivering great tasting, high-quality real food to consumers and leveraging consumer insights and trends, including health and well-being, snacking and convenience. Increased focus and discipline are key tenants of our renewed strategy and as such we will manage our portfolio of brands based on two differentiated operating strategies. The first strategy applies to brand franchises that will be managed to drive profitable growth. The second applies to brand franchises that will be managed to maximize margins and cash flow. Drive profitable growth, we will seek to grow these large and exciting brands faster than the categories in which they compete. This will apply to brands such as Cape Cod, Goldfish, Kettle, Lance, Late July, Pepperidge Farm, Milano and Farmhouse Cookies, Pace, Pacific, Prego and Snyder’s of Hanover. Investments in innovation and consumer engagement will enable these brands to leverage evolving consumer trends, drive growth and fulfill their role in the Campbell portfolio. In fiscal 2018, these brand franchises represented 44% of our net sales on a pro forma basis. Maximized margin and cash flow, we will seek to generate consistent profit and cash flow from these at-scale brand franchises, including Campbell Soup, Pepperidge Farm fresh bakery, SpaghettiOs and V8. Disciplined management focus and aligned investments will support their strong market positions to optimize operating margins and cash flow and to fulfill their equally important roles in Campbell’s portfolio. In fiscal 2018, these brand franchises represented 56% of our net sales on a pro forma basis. By differentiating our approach, we will be better able to allocate capital and resources and truly differentiate how we manage our brands. On the next few slides, we have outlined in further detail how we are going to manage our businesses going forward starting with Campbell Snacks. Our snacks business benefits from leading positions within large and attractive categories as you can see in this chart. Snacking is an industry and category that Campbell’s knows well and we have a management team in place that has consistently delivered solid results within Pepperidge Farm. Within this business, we are of course spending an extraordinary amount of time and resources focused on the integration and value capture of Snyder’s-Lance. Given our new direction, the economic and strategic importance of this work cannot be overemphasized. Our strategic review process has allowed the team another deep dive into Snyder’s-Lance and we are even more convinced of the growth prospects and synergies in our Campbell Snacks business. Our team is applying the hard lessons we have learned from previous acquisitions. We have established a robust governance structure, rigorous targets and a disciplined system for tracking synergy goals. It’s early, but based on what I am seeing I am confident in the results and the team’s ability to deliver the synergies and drive growth. Moving to Slide 24, I want to showcase how we are fueling expansion within the snacks business through our six power brands: Goldfish, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Snyder’s, Kettle and Cape Cod chips in late July. These brands will drive approximately 70% of our growth. Our plan builds upon a proven model that we have successfully deployed within Pepperidge Farm focused on consumer insights, meaningful innovation and strong marketing to drive share gains. We are taking targeted action around each brand such as increasing manufacturing capacity and investing in innovation, marketing and e-commerce to drive growth. We will focus nearly 80% of our snacking marketing investment in these power brands to support our growth plans. Switching to Campbell’s Meals and Beverages on Slide 25, despite category headwinds and our recent challenges, we have some of the most storied brands, leading market share positions and strong margins. In the division, we are working to stabilize U.S. Soup of course as our top priority. Driving growth in sauces, including gaining share in Italian sauces and leveraging our new Snyder’s-Lance insights and distribution capabilities to increase the presence of pace in the snack aisle. And strengthening our beverage business through continued focus on V8 Original, building on the success of V8+ Energy line and driving relevant innovations such as our recently launched V8+ Hydrate line. I want to dive deeper into stabilizing our U.S. Soup business on Slide 26. First, we are thinking about this business differently than we have in the past. We will not place unrealistic expectations on it and we will manage the brands within the portfolio in a disciplined way. We expect improved trends in the latter half of fiscal 2019, but we do not expect U.S. Soup to grow this year. Given the importance of this business in the overall portfolio, I want to first give you the headline of what happened here and then go into more detail about the turnaround. Soup is a great business and Campbell’s is an iconic brand. Business has been over relied upon to generate earnings and has been underinvested in. In recent years, we have pushed the business too hard on pricing and margin and we did not do enough to keep our soup products and brands relevant with consumers. In fiscal 2019, we will rebase soup and strengthen our value proposition in the marketplace. Recently, Roberto Leopardi was named President of our Meals and Beverages business, has put a new divisional leadership team in place. They are examining all aspects of the business, which requires a back to basics approach to begin to stabilize it in fiscal 2019. It starts with increased emphasis on price realization, optimizing merchandising support with key customers, reducing manufacturing cost and investments, more selective consumer driven innovation and more effective marketing focused on the Campbell’s Master brand. We will focus on four key brands: Campbell’s, Swanson, Chunky and Pacific. Each will be managed according to a specific profile and portfolio role. We will manage Pacific to drive strong profitable growth, while our Campbell’s, Swanson and Chunky brands will be managed to maximize margins and cash flow. Within each, we are taking targeted actions in line with these portfolio roles. To drive growth in Pacific, we are targeting higher income, older millennials, driving increased distribution in our core mass and grocery channels and applying our supply chain expertise to reduce manufacturing costs and we are leveraging Pacific’s strong brand position in the natural channel to launch new innovative products. To maximize margins and cash flow, with Campbell’s, Swanson and Chunky brands, we are increasing and optimizing marketing to drive purchase intent, focusing our messaging on convenient affordable delicious meal solutions, and utilizing price pack architecture to differentiate and sustain margins. Ultimately improving performance in U.S. Soup begins and ends with dramatically improved execution from our new leadership team and from a new base. I am confident that we are doing all the right things, but it’s going to take some time to stabilize the business. With a leaner more focused company, we see further opportunity to drive additional cost savings. As I mentioned at the outset, this is one of Campbell’s demonstrated capabilities. In fact, we have delivered successful multiyear cost cutting targets ahead of schedule. We have identified an additional $150 million in cost savings. These savings will be driven by streamlining our organization, expanding our zero-based budgeting efforts and continuing to optimize our manufacturing network. This is in addition to the previously announced $500 million in cost savings and the $295 million in target synergies and run-rate cost savings from our acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. Combined, these programs will bring our total cost savings target to just under $1 billion by fiscal 2022. Additionally, we are driving asset efficiency and working capital and capital expenditures to generate an additional $350 million of free cash flow in the same timeframe. As you can see, we are taking significant actions to stabilize the company. While we have made specific choices to better focus Campbell, there is more to do both in terms of operationalizing these plans and streamlining their portfolio. We are working with urgency to improve our execution, speed and efficiency throughout the organization with the goal of driving margin expansion and free cash flow. Fiscal 2019 will be a transition year as we take these steps to restructure the portfolio, reduce leverage and emphasize better execution, all of which will establish the foundation for sustainable performance and profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call back over to Anthony to outline our fiscal 2019 guidance and new long-term targets.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Keith. Now, I will review our 2019 outlook. Given uncertainty regarding the timing of divestitures, we are providing guidance based on our existing portfolio of businesses and also on a pro forma basis assuming divestitures were completed and proceeds deployed at the beginning of the 2019 fiscal year, representing the new base from which we plan to grow. I will start with the guidance pre-divestitures. We expect sales to increase to a range of $9.975 billion to $10.100 billion as we benefit from the incremental impact of both the Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions. This top line guidance implies that organic sales are expected to decline slightly. While we expect trends in U.S. Soup to improve as we implement our promotional programs, we anticipate that soup sales will decline in 2019. With our new leadership, we are in the process of developing a long-term strategy for the U.S. Soup business, which including focused innovation efforts, reinvigorating the Campbell brand and maximizing the opportunity with Pacific is expected to stabilize longer term performance. In addition, sales in Campbell Fresh will be negatively impacted by the expiration of two major private label refrigerated soup contract. We expect adjusted EBIT to be in the range of $1.370 billion to $1.410 billion as declines on our base business are mostly offset by the incremental acquisition impacts of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods. The EBIT decline on the base business is primarily driven by three factors: the anticipated decline in organic sales, the negative impact of cost inflation on gross margin, and the negative impact from higher incentive compensation, which had been significantly reduced in 2018. We expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.53 per share. The delta between EBIT and EPS performance is primarily driven by the interest expense associated with the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and Pacific Foods. As mentioned, we are also providing forecast for 2019 on a pro forma basis assuming that planned divestitures are completed as of the beginning of the fiscal year and based on use of estimated sales proceeds to reduce debt. As you can see on the chart, our sales base declined to about $8 billion, adjusted EBIT to a range of $1.230 billion to $1.270 billion and adjusted EPS to a range of $2.40 to $2.50. The overall dilution from divestitures is modest, given the current level of profitability of the Campbell Fresh division. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, we do expect our first quarter performance to be negatively impacted by several factors. First we are adopting the new accounting rules for revenue recognition. Given the seasonality of our business, adoption will have a negative impact on Q1 of approximately $0.04 per share with no significant impact on the full year. Second, we expect the recall of flavor blasted Goldfish will have a negative impact on Q1. And lastly, we expect some continued pressure on U.S. soup as we implement our promotional programs and wrap the major customer issue in the first quarter. Now I will provide some additional detail on the assumptions impacting our pre-divestiture guidance. As we have mentioned previously we are seeing significantly higher cost inflation which we estimate to be in the range of 4% to 5%. The key drivers are steel cans reflecting the impact of tariffs, transportation and logistics that continues to rise and on wheat, resins and corrugated. We continued to drive meaningful productivity savings in our supply chain which are incremental to our cost savings program. For 2019, we are targeting 3% of cost of products sold. We are targeting significant benefits from cost saving approximating $120 million from a combination of Snyder’s-Lance cost and synergy savings and the ongoing Campbell program. Our recent decision to discontinue manufacturing in our Canadian plant and transfer most of the production to the U.S. will generate meaningful savings. Overall, we expect our gross margin percentage will decline approximately two percentage points with about one point of the decline attributable to the negative mix impact of adding Snyder’s-Lance to the portfolio or a full year compared to four months in 2018. The balance of the decline is primarily due to the impact of cost inflation in excess of productivity. With a full year of acquisition financing on the Snyder’s-Lance’s acquisition and the expectation of slightly higher interest rates, interest expense is forecast to be in the range of $375 million to $390 million in fiscal 2019. With a full-year benefit of U.S. tax reform, the effective tax rate is expected to decline to a rate of about 25%. And lastly capital expenditures including spending on Snyder’s-Lance and reflecting an overall decline as a percent of sales is expected to be approximating $400 million. We are revising our long-term targets for annual sales and earnings growth. Based on the actions we are taking in 2019 including plant divestitures, we are confident that from our 2019 post divestiture pro forma we have a solid base from which to grow. Nearly half of our portfolio will be positioned in the faster growing snacking categories and we will also benefit from incremental revenue opportunities from combining Snyder’s-Lance and Pepperidge Farm. Driven by growth in our snacking business and stable performance from soup and simple meals, we are targeting organic sales growth of 1% to 2%. Our adjusted EBIT target is to grow 4% to 6% reflecting the benefits of the increased cost savings target Keith described and from achieving the Snyder’s-Lance cost and synergy savings, both of which we are very confident we can deliver. As of the end of fiscal 2018 we have delivered $420 million of savings on the base Campbell program and $35 million on Snyder’s-Lance for a combined total of $455 million. And as announced this morning our combined savings target is now $945 million by 2022. We are targeting EPS growth of 7% to 9% leveraging EBIT growth, using free cash flow to repay debt in the short-term and improved asset turnover as we aggressively manage our balance sheet by reducing CapEx as a percent of sales and generating positive cash flow from working capital reductions. The combination of improving margins driven by cost savings and improved asset utilization as measured by rapid turnover will meaningfully improve returns on invested capital generating economic value for shareholders. With the de-leveraging from divestitures and the continued use of free cash flow to reduce debt, leverage as measured by net debt to EBITDA is targeted to reach 3x by the end of fiscal 2021. With that, I will turn it back over to Keith for some closing remarks.
Keith McLoughlin: Thanks, Anthony. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to provide an update on our leadership team starting with our CEO search. The Board is conducting a robust search process examining both internal and external candidates who possess the track record of proven results and achievement. The Board has been working with leading candidate assessment and executive search firms to assist in this process and we look forward to updating you when the Board is ready to name our new CEO. It’s important to note that we have made several changes in our management team to improve performance, including meaningful changes within the Campbell leadership team over the last 6 months. In addition to the CEO change, we appointed Luca Mignini to the newly created role of Chief Operating Officer. We also have new Presidents in two of our three operating divisions who replaced a significant portion of the Meals and Beverages leadership team, including recruiting two senior executives from outside the company, Roberto as President and a new CMO, Diego Palmieri and we have a strong management team in place at Campbell Snacks under Carlos Abrams-Rivera with a combination of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder’s-Lance leadership. Today, Campbell’s has a strong and importantly an aligned leadership team in place to drive the company forward and execute the plans we outlined today. In closing, we have a clear and executable strategic path forward to turnaround the business, improve operating discipline and return the company to sustainable profitable growth, all with the goal of returning capital to shareholders and maximizing long-term value. I want to be clear this is not the end of our work, but it is an essential beginning. It will be an ongoing dynamic process as we focus our portfolio, pay down debt, manage costs and increase our asset turnover while continuing to invest and drive innovation around our franchise businesses. Now, let me turn back to Ken to call for your questions. Ken?
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Keith. Before we open it up for questions, a quick note, given the significant changes we will be implementing over the next several months, we have decided to reschedule our Investor Day from October to the spring. This will enable us to provide a more robust update on our progress at that time. Okay. Shannon, let’s open up the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone.
Keith McLoughlin: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I have got just two questions. One, I guess that we have kind of fielded a lot this morning and over the last couple of weeks. Just could you maybe describe how you – the process you used to evaluate the value creation potential maybe between this strategic path, so asset sales and cost savings versus selling the whole company? Could you can give us a little bit more color in terms of how you thought about those two things and what the process was? And then I have got a follow-up.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Bryan it’s Keith. Thanks for your question. I will start and maybe turn it over to Anthony. I can confirm, for sure, this was a robust process and as you would expect, we had world class and financial expert advisors. The Board was deeply engaged in the process and they examined all the potential strategic options to create value whether that’s a sale, doing the plan that we talked today, splitting the company in parts, so a thorough review of all options. They determined that the path that we are announcing today is the best path forward at this time. We think the actions and we know the actions will improve our performance and then long-term economic and shareholder value. And as we’ve stated, the Board remains open to evaluating all potential options that enhance shareholder value. In terms of the process itself relative to the different alternatives, Anthony, can you comment on that a bit?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure, Keith. Bryan, as Keith stated, we did add two expert financial advisors involved in the process and that process included several financial approaches. One, I would say is a detailed discounted cash flow analysis of each of the alternative strategies whether to optimize the portfolio, divest certain assets are split up the company. We also performed analysis of future share prices using a PE multiple approach and EBITDA multiple approach for each of the scenarios as well, and we also looked at historical transactions, multiples, and historical premiums. And as Keith said, based on that assessment, our conclusion based on that analysis is to focus on two businesses in one geography, as the right plan for us going forward.
Bryan Spillane: So fair to say that if there is a price for it in terms of the sale, that price just wasn’t in the market today, right, so doing this is just better than sort of selling at the bottom here, is that just paraphrasing, but that’s the way to kind of think about it?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. I will say that we reviewed all options, and based on the information that we know, this is the best value maximizing path forward.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just a follow-up. in terms of potential at some point, hiring a new CEO, is there a potential that a new CEO would come in and start a whole another strategic review process and just trying to understand how that affects kind of what you have decided to do here as we go forward and whether we should start to think about whether could be another sort of wave of change as you recruit CEO? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. Thanks for that question. I think the first thing I would say is this was not an individual led process, right. This was a Board led process, so the Board owns this. And the work we are doing here, and I have outlined today candidly has to be done, it’s absolutely necessary, and I can’t actually conceive of a scenario where it wouldn’t need to be done. And the third thing I would say is we have got a strong operating team in place that’s been obviously actively engaged in this process to execute it. So, I don’t see a major change, of course that will be the prerogative, but I think again this is a Board -led strategy and with full and unanimous support from the Board.
Bryan Spillane: Alright. Thank you and have a great Labor Day.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody.
Keith McLoughlin: Hi Andrew.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, so I am sure there will be obviously plenty more questions on the strategic actions, so I would love to focus a little bit on the core business, you talked about organic soup sales down about 14% albeit in a small seasonal quarter. I think post the – obviously post the divestitures, soup and simple meals will be a higher percentage of the overall portfolio, so when thinking about your expectations for the core soup business in ’19, I think you expected that you would expect that to be down still although improving through the year, I guess if you expect to, I don’t want to put words in your mouth, but if you expect to get back to a more normalized promotional cadence with a key customer this coming soup season, is it that volumes in soup will look better, but maybe the offset is kind of higher promotional spending if Campbell maybe need to help fund some of those promotions, and also I think I heard you talk about getting back to a more I think reasonable value proposition in soup, so I guess I am trying to a handle on the contributing factors around why soup sales would still be lower next year if you get back to a more normalized promotional cadence?
Keith McLoughlin: Let me try that and Anthony can jump in, Andrew, I think and you stated I think well, we have got to get back to basics on our soup business, and that means the entire array of benefits that we bring to the marketplace, right. So, we have got to get the price points right, we have got to get the merchandising support right, we have got to have the right level of brand investment, obviously product and packaging innovation is key items, and also reducing our total cost to serve, and so that’s the word that Roberto and his team have underway. As you mentioned, ultimately it’s a value proposition decision right with benefits, minus the price, and we need to – we made too many withdrawals. We have to make more deposits into the benefit side of that proposition. Anthony, do you have anything to add to that?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. Andrew just a couple of points, one is on a pro forma basis, soup would be about 30% of our portfolio going forward, so it’s up a little bit from where it was before. I think you are directionally correct on kind of what we are looking for in FY ‘19 which is better volume performance, but a little more trade spending on our part. And I would say with respect to the key customer couple of issues around timing is, one is we are lapping some pretty major hurricanes, we had a bit of a volume bump last year that we are wrapping and we are also not going to wrap the customer issue until we get to the middle of the first quarter. But with respect to that key customer we can’t comment on the specifics, but what we can say is that we are aligned to the soup strategy for the upcoming soup season. That includes pricing, merchandising activity including the holiday programs as well as new items, so we expect to be back in business. And by the middle of September that programming and pricing will be in place, so we would expect trends to improve as we go into the heart of the soup season.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks. And then lastly with about $500 million of incremental cost savings coming over the next 4 years, obviously you have talked about under-investing in soup in the past and pushing a bit too hard on pricing and margins, I guess with that in mind can you give us a sense of maybe what proportion even broadly of let’s say that $500 million would need to be invested back into the business because I am trying to assess the reasonableness if you will of the 4% to 6% EBIT growth target over time, that’s a key component of that, I think in the past albeit a while ago you have talked about half of the cost savings needing to be invested back in the business I don’t know if that’s change dramatically or not?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. We are not getting into each specific business, may be I can say that as you see in the portfolio set up here and specifically the roles within the portfolio, we are actually looking to deploy the vast majority of our resources against what we are calling these franchise brands, right. So brands that have strong position in the marketplace, that have best in class products that have strong market shares and have high margins. So what you are going to expect from us is we are going to only take money out of corporate treasury and deploy it against those winning brands and that’s a significant shift. And it’s going to allow credible discipline and focus for the organization because we win in those places.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Two questions for me, first, you talked about the Board being open to all options including the sale, I understand why you might be emphasizing this, you have had some public pressures likely to be open to all options, but I guess I am curious is this statement any different anyway from what’s always been the case, Boards are always required to be open to all options, it creates shareholder value, so I guess I am trying to really ascertain the willingness to sell, has that been heightened at all during the last few months or is the message today just hey, we have always been open and we are just kind of reminding you of that fact?
Keith McLoughlin: I would say a little bit to your point, we are a public company, alright. I mean we are for sale everyday, right, so a little bit to your point, nothing has changed there. I think what we are trying to emphasize is that we are committed and I committed to you I think back on May 18 that all options were on the table and no fake accounts because of what I said and that was the fact. And so as the Board went through the strategic alternative review process every material strategic alternative was reviewed and considered. So that’s what we are emphasizing a bit. But to your point we are a public company.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my second question is prior management obviously did some things that maybe you would do differently, but the Board also approved some of these acquisitions Kelsen, Plum, Garden Fresh, Bolthouse, all of these are now being sold or written down or both, so I guess what are the Board learnings from these deals and maybe should investors have any expectations that maybe the Board which didn’t necessarily drive the company in the direction that you want to go Keith might change any further in terms of its composition to support some of these go forward strategies?
Keith McLoughlin: Right. That’s fair. I think what I would say is my experience is that deal making works and really only works when acquired brands fit well into the buyer’s capabilities and strength. And we have got some good examples of that right now. And in the case of Pacific, right and soup, in the case of Snyder’s-Lance and connecting that strengths and capabilities of Pepperidge Farm snack and we have had some examples, but what is the case in carrots and potentially other areas. So I think that’s the key learning, right and that’s how we will leverage these most recent acquisitions and while we are getting good traction on that.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Keith McLoughlin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups on your organic trends, you said that you expect organic sales to decline in fiscal ‘19, but roughly how much are you baking in the guidance and you cited some improvements through the year and do you anticipate getting back to perhaps stability by the end of this fiscal year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will take that David. So I think when you guys unpack the guidance here, you will figure out there is a modest decline expected on organic sales. And the two primary drivers are one, the expected decline on U.S. soups. And second and I have mentioned this in my remarks is we have a couple of fairly significant expiring private label refrigerated soup contracts that are not going to get renewed and those contracts are probably worth about a point on total company sales. The soup decline is probably worth a point on total company soup on sales as well, so that gives you a sense for what our expectations are. And as I have said before our expectation is that trends on soup will improve as we get into the soup season.
David Palmer: And then just a follow-up on the long-term guidance, I am feeling there is a lot of investors that are simply not going to believe that Campbell is a long-term low single-digit top line grower and high single-digit EPS grower, you have scrubbed obviously a change in the complexion of the business, but you are also taking a hard look at it now and believe that past fiscal ‘19 that those are the right targets, is there any argument you can make that would help us – help convince us that this is going to be a balanced top line, bottom line growth company in fiscal ‘20 and beyond, I would love to hear any detail on that? Thanks.
Keith McLoughlin: Sure. Again, I could start and then Anthony can jump in, it probably goes back to the tough choices that we are making here right in having a much more focused portfolio where we are investing and driving and what we will call in franchise businesses, franchise branch where we already have strong brands, we already have strong margins, we already have best in class products, we already have strong market shares. It’s actually having the discipline and the focus to invest in those winning franchises, so that’s a very important part of this. So as that happens of course we are going to continue to grow. We are going to have growth. We are going to have expanding margins. We are going to increase our asset turnover. And as you know even with low single-digit growth and expanding margins based on what the margins we have and the work we are doing on our balance sheet is going to generate a lot of free cash flow in terms of strengthening the balance sheet and importantly give us the headroom to invest back in this business, on top of that maintaining healthy and steady dividend. So the algorithm, the value algorithm fits well and makes sense. We think it’s anchored into the capital markets and is connected to the strategy. And we think that’s to fulfill our role within our shareholders portfolio to deliver these long-term targets. Anthony you may want to speak some more on how – that leverage that we are getting between organic growth and EPS growth?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I mean, I would say when we get through this transition we will be a very different company. These planned divestitures will enable us to focus our portfolio on the two businesses and one geography, significantly reduce debt and delever the balance sheet. And as we take Campbell Fresh and Campbell International out, we are integrating Snyder’s-Lance into the portfolio. This is a significant shift and the composition will be almost half of our sales will be in the faster growing snacking categories, we will benefit from revenue opportunities from the combination of Snyder’s and Pepperidge. We have a significant cost reduction opportunity. We are targeting $945 million by 2022, $295 million of that from Snyder’s-Lance. And as Keith said we have got a good track record of delivering against cost savings and we are very confident we can deliver against that $945 million. Keith also talked about managing the balance sheet, CapEx down as the percent of sales, reductions in working capital and that combination of top line growth although it’s modest and cost driven margin expansion which we are confident we can achieve can generate 7% to 9% EPS growth.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning everybody.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Keith McLoughlin: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I had a couple of follow-ups and then two more important questions, Keith this is pretty important for you, Keith as it related to CEO search are you one of the candidates?
Keith McLoughlin: I have not thrown my name in the hat. The Board as you know is conducting a robust search process and we have both internal and external candidates. They are utilizing leading candidate assessment and executive search firms as we talked about. I can tell you they own it in a big way. As for me, I am all in and I am all in for as long as the Board would like me be.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then on the savings program, if you guys get a lot going on here, just to make sure on the savings, you have got the big savings programs and then you have got like normal productivity, so you do not hit or mix these. First off, Anthony, is that correct? Every time you see these savings programs, these are kind of the episodic programs, but not just everyday productivity, is that correct?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Correct.
David Driscoll: Okay. Then, when we look at the $945 million column that you gave on one of the slides, I am really trying to understand savings that would be expected after fiscal ‘19 and I just want confirmation of the math, so it’s $945 million, you did $455 million to-date and then you have got $120 million projected for fiscal ‘19 so I believe that would leave a sizable $370 million in projected savings after fiscal ‘19. Am I getting that right and that’s not – there is no normal productivity in that?
Anthony DiSilvestro: That’s exactly right.
David Driscoll: Alright, fine. Thank you for that clarification. On soup, just one follow-up on the question on soup, Anthony, you made this comment that you are going to have lapping issues or something first quarter still weak. In first quarter, soup was – it was really poor. The first quarter results last year were more negative than expected, because of soup. The declines were very substantial. Can you just explain more why you are making it sound that you face a tough comp in the year ago first quarter? It sure doesn’t look like that when I look at those results in the year ago?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think you had to look at within the quarter and the timing of when the issue started with the key customer on the soup category and also some early benefits we had around the timing of the hurricane. And as we look at that and look at the pricing and promotional programs and new items that are going into play that’s kind of how we see the season unfolding.
David Driscoll: Okay. Final thing for me is there is always inflation and I just don’t hear that much from you guys as regards your attempt at gating pricing. Every other company is talking about this, where do you guys stand on your efforts to take pricing either, list pricing or price pack architecture, how significant is pricing in fiscal ‘19 and that’s it for me? Thank you.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, thank you. I will take that. We are taking pricing actions and we need to take more mature is kind of the short version. As you know, it’s not an easy environment right now to get structural list price increases and therefore you have to play the whole keyboard. You got to do list price actions, you got to do gross to net work, you got to do mix, you got to do cost of engineering and our teams are doing all of that. My experience is that commodity cycles are like currency cycles. Ultimately, they have to make their way into the marketplace. Unfortunately, there is usually a lag right on both ways, but for us the question is not if they are going to make the way into the marketplace, it’s when and how much and getting that pushed through. So we have more to do there, I would say stay tuned.
David Driscoll: And is it fair to say fiscal ‘19 is a little modest on this relative to the cost side and more will happen kind of maybe later in fiscal year really think about it in F ‘20 I think that’s what you are trying to say?
Keith McLoughlin: What we are saying is we have to talk to our customers first and as soon as we talk to our customers, then we will communicate. You will be the second to know.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much.
Keith McLoughlin: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for the question.
Keith McLoughlin: Good morning.
Jason English: So Keith, lots of ground to cover, I just want to focus first and foremost on the fiscal ‘19 outlook. I know there is lots of moving pieces, but if I just spill down what I heard, I think there are really two core contributors to the earnings decline next year. One, the cost inflation, which is going to have strict productivity and second, the promo/price/value adjustments you are going to make on soup. Is that fair?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, I would say, it’s actually – Anthony you can jump in, but I think there is three buckets here. One is as you mentioned a biggest one by far is the cost inflation and for the previous caller’s question we are not getting enough price to offset that in fiscal ‘19. So, that’s the biggest headline or impact to our organic earnings in the year. As you mentioned also the sales decline both in the Meals and Beverages and also C-Fresh that Anthony mentioned, that there is a not insignificant part of the organic fresh soup business that is going away. And so the sales decline there is having an impact on earnings and we also have some administrative incentive comp numbers that are tough to comp over. Anthony can you comment any more on...
Anthony DiSilvestro: The incentive comp is not insignificant, it’s not way down this year and it’s about four point headwind to growth next year. On the marketing I would say that more of this is a shift within advertising consumer and trade as we focus on fewer brands, fewer initiatives and fewer campaigns and we are reallocating some of that money to the promotional line. So a lot of it is shifting around within the portfolio and not necessarily an absolute increase in total marketing as a percent of sales.
Jason English: And Keith in some of your opening remarks I guess your opening remarks in terms of strategic review process you expressed some frustration in terms lack of investment behind the core brands, behind sort of core related growth avenues, but as I listen to you walk us through the fiscal ‘19 guidance particularly in context of Anthony’s last comment, you plan on cutting AMC trigger next year, reallocating fee for the next year, why could you not contemplate more reinvestment as you look to reset the base for next year and why shouldn’t we think that particularly as we contemplate potentially a new CEO come into the fold one would be a wave of reinvestment need on the horizon?
Keith McLoughlin: So again it’s a balancing act here a little. But you will see and it is happening in 2019 in some cases as we focus more within the portfolios or which portfolios we are going to focus on, but then within those portfolios. For example within U.S. soup, we are going to focus on the key brands that I have mentioned there. And actually there will be in some cases a 50% increase in brand spend, in advertising spend. So again it’s probably a layer of detail as you can’t see, but within the portfolio there is investments increasing not at insignificant rates against specific brands that we are targeting.
Jason English: Thank you. That makes sense. And one last housekeeping question, I will pass it on, in the quarter you mentioned the acquisitions were 300 basis points drag to gross margins, quick back to the envelope math so just the acquisitions will factor roughly a 25% gross margin to create a 300 basis points drag, is that roughly in the ballpark and if so you mentioned that Lance exceeded expectations, it doesn’t sound like gross profit exceeded or maybe your expectations were that much slower, what exactly is exceeding expectations?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. The math is right, the impact of the acquisition then is both Pacific Foods and Snyder’s-Lance 300 basis point negative impact on order. If we dial back a few month as we came into the fourth quarter we had certain expectations for the performance in Snyder’s-Lance. And I think as we mentioned there were a couple of things that we were dealing with one around not production equipment that was relocated and some higher than anticipated freight inflation. I think what exceeded our expectation is the fundamental performance of the business and the achievement of the $35 million of cost and synergy savings which helped to offset those other impacts. But net-net it’s still up with a drag on the overall gross margin percentage and will be as we get the full year into next year about a point negative impact on next year relative to this year.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Keith McLoughlin: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi, Keith, you have talked about operating two different strategies for the business, one pursuing growth for biscuits and snacks and pursuing margin and cash flow for the rest of business and how many companies do this currently, I wonder if you could speak to the challenges of having those two separate strategies under one roof and to that end did the Board consider or would the Board still consider split these companies apart given the very different growth trajectories and capital requirements?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. Let me start with your second question and that as we stated earlier the Board remains open to evaluating all potential opportunities to enhance value going forward, right. And right now what we are talking about today is what the Board has decided is the value maximizing strategy and if there is a better way to do it going forward, they maintain that flexibility. But right now it’s focused straight ahead. And let me answer your question, so don’t think about necessarily snacking is really tricky, so let me try to walk through it. We will think about it as two businesses with two completely different missions, right, snacking versus meals and beverages. It’s actually the missions that we are talking about are brand missions. So, you have to go within snacking and within meals and beverages and so where are the businesses that have those criteria that we talked about right, so have the brand strength, have best-in-class products, have the market position, market share, have high margins. And then you say okay, I got a franchise business. Now, the next question is what’s the market that they are planning it, right? Is it a growth market or is it a stable market in some cases like condensed soup is at the declining market. So there is still franchise businesses, but from that you say, okay, which ones already have the growth missions and which ones has an earning and cash machine. So that’s how we are doing the work. And actually, it’s honestly a more sophisticated way to operate and manage your portfolio we have done a ton of work over the last 10, 12 weeks with the senior leadership team to get through this. We have real good clarity on that and it’s just hard work. It’s not that complicated to manage it, it’s just hard work and I think we are up for that.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you for that. And then I certainly heard your comment about the divestitures and no doubt the Board has a full review of the assets that could be sold. I just want to see if I could understand the main determinant of the divestitures, particularly, Arnott’s and Kelsen and C-Fresh is a separate item there certainly. But is the balance sheet the main concern sort of so getting cash in the door, getting debt down or was it more the lack of international scale that prompted the divestures?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. So just one quick one then and maybe for Anthony or for you, Keith, but just the long-term EPS growth rate which you have discussed it’s gone up and I just want to make I understood what’s behind that, is that just the use of cash and paying out debt and buying back stock or I think about this as a long-term, what is it that you see that’s driven that EPS growth rate higher?
Keith McLoughlin: Anthony?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think like I said I think we fundamentally have a different business coming out of this transition than we do today. One that has a higher exposure to the faster growing snacking categories, one that has tremendous cost saving opportunities on the heels of the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and the opportunities that we have to integrate Snyder’s and Pepperidge and Campbell together. It’s also driven by the successful cost take-out that we have had ongoing at Campbell than the fact that now we are now going to increase that by $150 million and we have good line of sight in terms of where that’s going to come from. You get some lift obviously between EBIT and EPS, because we are as we drive the earnings growth and manage the balance sheet that the cash flow generation is going to be even more significant using that cash flow to repay debt in the short-term and then transition to other uses of cash as we get the leverage ratio back to where we wanted to be.
Keith McLoughlin: Just build on that a little bit, one of the opportunities that we see in the company as Anthony mentioned is to work the balance sheet as hard as we work the income statement. I think historically we haven’t done that in the company and go back a few years, we probably didn’t necessarily have to do that, but we have to do that now and we should be doing it, right. So as some of you know, my experiences is not limiting businesses with margins like we have here, right, which meant you work that balance sheet everyday. And so we are going to employ that and we have already activated several initiatives against that and that will help when you get those assets starting faster and get those margins expand into free cash with the kind of margins, we have, the free cash flow generation here is potentially significant.
Chris Growe: Okay. Well, thank you for all that discussion there. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. A couple of questions. One is I think you might have a response from the activist investor who is involved in your name and may even try to get board seats, what is your willingness to accept new additions to the board from this party? Second, I am still a little unclear on why Snyder’s-Lance was better than expectations. By my math, operating margin for the business was maybe mid to high operating margin and Keith as you have dug deeper into this business, why is the margin so low and what makes you comfortable it can go higher from here?
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, let me start with your first question, which really unfortunately I won’t comment on, we are not – it’s not appropriate for us to comment on speculation on what might and might not happen with regards to what shareholders would do or won’t do. So rather not speculate. And then specifically on your second question relative to make sure I got it, if you could restate it a little bit around the margins in Snyder’s-Lance, was that the question?
Robert Moskow: Yes. And Anthony can chime in, but what’s the operating margin for that Snyder’s-Lance contribution, it seems mid to high single-digit and I think you said that you dug deeper into it, you are very happy with the fundamental performance, I think there was even some comments last quarter about price contracts that were unfavorable, I haven’t heard anything any update on that either, so am I doing the math right and why should the margin go higher?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I will give you the number that the margin in its stub period here was about 9% on $770 million odd worth of sales. And as I have said before there has been plusses and minuses. We have had to deal with the trade issue on one of the categories which we mentioned previously we are dealing with this is not production challenged and a bit higher inflation particularly around freight. So we have been able to offset more than we had expected coming into the quarter and that’s been driven by a factor realization of cost savings than we initially anticipated. As we have said we are at $35 million as we finish the year, so that’s the piece that exceeded our expectations and in fact it helped to offset a majority of the other issues that I mentioned.
Robert Moskow: Anthony do you think the margins overall for snacks could go back to 15% for the combined division or once you get all the synergies you expected?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Absolutely, as we look at this business and we had the opportunity as we did the strategy review to take another deep dive into Snyder’s-Lance or even more optimistic and confident that we can achieve these forecasts. And if I just talk about 2021 we had previously talked about an EPS accretion range of $0.40 to $0.55. I would say now that I would be at the higher end of that range in terms of our outlook as we sit here today.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Keith just wanted to stick with the plans to improve soup, in that we have seen Campbell keep its level of total integrated marketing spend relatively unchanged over the past decade even as other simple meals categories had become more competitive, so what has the review told you about the extent to which this turnaround in soup has to be geared towards having the better compete against other categories outside of soup versus how much has begun within soup versus private label and other brands?
Keith McLoughlin: Right. So let me make sure I address your entire questionnaire. So let me start with soup, what we have looked at and what we have realized the course is as I mentioned we probably pushed that business too hard, right. And didn’t – in some cases it didn’t have the price points right and that’s just all price points were relative to other things, right. So our price points relative to private label, relative to ready to serve, relative to competitive products. So we have got to get that right. We got to make sure we have the right and cadence of merchandising support. We didn’t necessarily have that. Candidly, we have pulled back over the last several years a lot of brand support and you can’t do that in this business, right. So we have got to come back to that. And also I think the innovation we have actually spent a fair amount of money on innovation. We just haven’t had success rates, right. So we have got to be tighter and more effective and more efficient and more focused on these brands that we are talking about with our innovation. So, there is lots of work to do and the team – we are all over it, we are engaged in the marketplace, with our customers, obviously connected to consumer, so we have got some cool things that we are working on. You won’t see that in the beginning of the first half of ‘19, but as we get through ‘19 and into honestly the FY ‘20 soup season I am quite optimistic. In terms of the other businesses, simple meal businesses, as you know there are some good healthy businesses there, right. So we want to that have good margins and some good growth. So we want to support those as well. They have specific missions, some are different than others of course what you are talking about SpaghettiOs or V8 or Prego so depending on where they are and where they sit in the marketplace, we are – they have differential missions and therefore differential deployment of resources. Does that answer your question?
John Baumgartner: Yes, very helpful. Thank you. And then just maybe a follow-up for Anthony, just wanted to come back to the increased savings target for core Campbell, can you walk through just maybe more detailed buckets and sources for that, I mean how much is in COGS versus SG&A. And then specifically any comments you have on the manufacturing side, because I guess we have seen Campbell already closed its highest cost, least efficient plants over the year, so what’s any new on that front?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. So as we talked about the total now is to target $945 million and that’s a combination of the base Campbell program which we had been targeting $500 million. We finished the year at $420 million and in side of that and one other thing that’s going to generate some of the incremental savings on that program is the recent decision to discontinue manufacturing in our Canadian plant and transfer most of that production to the U.S. So we are still making decisions around the plant network and the footprint. And the other piece of it as I have said before is the Snyder’s-Lance that’s $295 million. And then lastly as Keith said there is an incremental $150 million. I don’t have exactly the split between G&A and COGS, but I consider they are going to be both in there, where there are some organizational costs that we are targeting. There are some further ZBB work that we can do would come a long way since 2016 on the ZBB process and having implemented it here and have some experience with that, so we are going to expand that a little bit. And then we think there is additional opportunities in supply chain, some of those are procurement related, some of them are manufacturing related. So we continued to look at our footprint growth, the plant network and the production line within those plants. You may recall one of the things we have done over the last couple of years is our – we call our soup common platform initiative. It gives us a lot of flexibility, more common can sizes with the flexibility on the size up and down. So that has enabled us to take production lines out within plant and we will continue to look at the overall plant network, obviously including the Snyder’s-Lance plant.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Steve Strycula with UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Steve Strycula: So Anthony, a few questions for you, just wanted to walk through a clarification, the one percentage point drag you are getting from the fresh soup business, is that coming primarily or being recorded in the C-Fresh segment and if so what that’s embedded in for the fiscal ‘19 numbers, does that imply sales are probably down $100 million for that segment and is profit segment about equal to what was in 2018 or is it a little bit worst?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. The soup contracts that I talked about our refrigerated soup contracts and they are within the Campbell price division that probably represent about a point on total company sales and we are going to lose, it’s not the greatest margin, but we will lose some margin on that. What we’re anticipating overall on Campbell Fresh is to make improvements in the Bolthouse Farms business which is a combination of carrots and refrigerated beverages and salads. We are expecting some improvement there will give some back on the other side, probably call it a push overall.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Keith McLoughlin for closing remarks.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Thank you and thanks everyone for joining the call today. Although it’s always been 90 days, a lot has been accomplished and a lot has been decided. Having said that, this is an important beginning, we have several important work streams underway that we are very excited about and we look forward to updating you on our progress in those work streams, several of which those on the phone have asked about today, so we are looking forward to updating you. Of course we also have to operationalize these points, so we got a lot to work to do going forward, but we are quite confident there. One thought I would like to leave you with is this is a new Campbell, a Campbell that is focused on our franchise businesses to drive sustainable profitable growth, that is stronger both in our balance sheet and our management team, that is leaner and more agile with less bureaucracy and faster decision making and that is disciplined and our capital allocation, our resource deployment and our drive to maximize shareholder value. Thank you for joining us this morning. And for those of you in the U.S., wish you a great Labor Day weekend. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP, Finance Strategy & IR  Keith McLoughlin - Independent Director Anthony DiSilvestro - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bank Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Chase & Co. David Driscoll - Citigroup  David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse  John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2018. With me here in New Jersey are Keith McLoughlin, interim CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media, who'll participate in a listen-only mode.  Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.  Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix.  With that, let me turn the call over to Keith.
Keith McLoughlin: Thank you, Ken, and good morning, everyone. My name is Keith McLoughlin, the new interim CEO of Campbell Soup company and a board member since 2016. Thank you for joining our third quarter conference call today.  As you have seen from this morning's press release, we announced that Denise Morrison has chosen to retire after 15 years with the company, having served the last 7 years as President and CEO. I'd like to start by thanking Denise for her leadership and dedication to Campbell.  Denise repositioned our portfolio toward the faster-growing snacking and health and well-being categories with important acquisitions like Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods. It has indeed been a pleasure working with her as a board member over the last few years. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire management team, we thank Denise and wish her all the very best.  Let me just start out by describing how we'll handle the call today. I'll make a few brief opening comments, and then our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro, will review in detail the financial results, the updated guidance, and he will answer your questions. After the Q&A, I'll make some closing remarks, and we'll end the call on time by 9:30.  Let me start by describing my role. As interim CEO, my mandate from the board is clear: one, to lead the company, along with the Campbell's leadership team, until the board appoints the new chief; and two, to get the performance back on track for the company by conducting a thorough review of our strategic and operating plans, the composition of our entire portfolio and the associated allocation of our resources, capital cost and people. All this work will be under the advisement and supervision of the board. We, of course, will conduct this work with rigor, objectivity and urgency.  As disclosed in our earnings release this morning, we delivered results that were below expectations, ours and yours. Our company has clearly faced challenges. Some of those are external factors that are impacting the entire industry, and others stem from our execution. As a board member and interim CEO, these results are unsatisfactory and disappointing to us as well as our shareholders.  I've been on the Board of Directors for almost 3 years now and know Campbell well. It's a great company with talented employees and a portfolio of leading brands across multiple categories. Brands such as Pepperidge Farms, Campbell, Swanson, Arnott's, V8, Prego, Pace, Plum and Kelsen are tremendous assets for this corporation. The recent addition of the Snyder's-Lance portfolio of brands and Pacific Foods, both of which I strongly supported, will enhance our growth potential as we expand into the faster-growing snacking categories and enhance our health and well-being offerings of soup and broth.  This company has and will continue to have a strong commitment to all of its stakeholders, including consumers, customers, employees and shareholders. We remain committed to bringing high-quality, differentiated products to the market at the right price and supporting our brands with compelling marketing and broad availability. These commitments will not change.  Additionally, our core values will not change. Our values around operating with integrity and ethics, treating all people with dignity and respect and operating the safety and sustainability remain steadfast. What must change and will change is our execution and our financial performance. Our mandate is to create long-term value for our shareholders. We intend to take appropriate and decisive actions to ensure that Campbell is positioned to compete and win in the marketplace. That means we must take a fresh look at our strategies, our operations and our portfolio and to do so with urgency.  Toward that end, beginning today, we will undertake a thorough and critical review of all aspects of our strategic and operating plans, including the composition of our entire portfolio. That work will inform our capital allocation and resource deployment priorities. Everything is on the table. There are no sacred cows. We expect this process to take a few months, and we intend to share the progress of this review with you during our fourth quarter call at the end of August.  While we are unable to share a detailed plan today, we do anticipate that the combination of persistent headwinds, the issues we're facing and the possibility of stepped-up investment spending will make fiscal 2019 a challenging year. Looking ahead, I'm confident that this company has a bright future. We have powerful and relevant brands, enviable products and market positions, strong cash flow and committed and talented people.  Under the leadership of our newly appointed Chief Operating Officer, Luca Mignini, our global biscuits and snacks business has delivered consistent top and bottom line growth. As we successfully integrate Snyder's-Lance and capture the synergies, build a large and differentiated snacking business and improve the performance of the balance of the portfolio, we will deliver consistent profitable growth, which will create value for our shareholders.  We recognize, of course, that you may have questions about the portfolio review that's underway. However, we will not be able to add any additional details at this time as we have just begun, and we're not in a position to speculate on any aspect of it. I look forward to sharing our plan with you on our fourth quarter call on August 30.  I now will turn it over to Anthony, who will review the results, and then be available to take your questions. Anthony?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Keith, and good morning. I'd first like to welcome Keith to his new role. I've known Keith since he joined the Campbell board in 2016, and I look forward to working with him. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter and revised 2018 guidance. In the quarter, we successfully completed the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. This is our largest acquisition ever, and it will meaningfully shift our portfolio towards the faster-growing snacking categories. On a pro forma basis, snacking will become almost 1/2 of our portfolio of sales.  The consumer takeaway performance on the core Snyder's-Lance brands looks good, and the teams are working well together. We remain confident in our ability to deliver the targeted $295 million in cost savings and synergies. The work performed since the acquisition closed has confirmed our initial synergy assumptions, and we are making good progress putting in place detailed plans to deliver cost synergies. While our organic sales were stable in a difficult environment, our challenge in the quarter was clearly our adjusted gross margin performance, as the percentage declined by about 4 points compared to last year, including a 1 point negative mix impact from our recent acquisitions. Gross margin performance was driven by higher-than-expected cost inflation, primarily higher transportation and logistic costs, higher supply chain costs in Campbell Fresh and increased promotional spending in U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farms.  As a result of the disappointing Campbell Fresh performance, we revised the long-term forecast for that business, and we recorded a $619 million pretax noncash impairment charge in our GAAP results. We are all disappointed with the results of C-Fresh, and we acknowledge that they are unacceptable.  We continue to make progress on our multi-year cost-savings program. We generated $25 million of savings in the quarter, bringing the program to date total to $390 million. Our success in realizing these savings gives us further confidence in our ability to achieve the Snyder's synergies. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect lower expectation for gross margin performance, with the 2 primary drivers being the performance of Campbell Fresh and the inflationary impact of higher transportation and logistics costs. We're also including the impact of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition in the guidance, which, as we expected, is dilutive to adjusted EPS in the 4 months of ownership in fiscal 2018.  While we are very confident in our ability to deliver targeted cost synergies and the overall acquisition economics, we have uncovered some short-term issues, which I'll discuss. At the end of my presentation, I will comment on our plan to address the company's financial and operating challenges, our portfolio of businesses and projected financial performance.  Now I'll review our third quarter results in more detail. For the third quarter, net sales on an as-reported basis increased 15% to $2,125,000,000. Excluding a 14-point benefit from the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods and a 1-point benefit from currency translation, organic net sales were comparable to the prior year, as gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks and Campbell Fresh were offset by declines in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Adjusted EBIT in the quarter increased 1% to $308 million. Excluding the impact of the Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions, adjusted EBIT declined 6%, primarily due to lower gross margin performance, partly offset by lower adjusted administrative expenses and lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses.  Adjusted EPS increased 19% or $0.11 to $0.70 per share, reflecting a favorable tax timing benefit, partly offset by higher adjusted interest expense attributable to both the Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions. Through the first three quarters ending April, as-reported net sales increased 4%, and organic net sales declined by 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT decreased 7% to $1,127,000,000. Excluding the impact of the recent acquisitions, adjusted EBIT decreased 8%, and adjusted EPS of $2.62 was up 4%.  Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales were comparable to last year, as volume gains were offset by increased promotional spending. Overall, promotion -- promotional spending rates increased in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, driven by U.S. Soup, and in Global Biscuits and Snacks, reflecting increased spending behind Goldfish crackers.  There was a positive impact in currency translation of 1%, principally the Australian and Canadian dollars. The recent addition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio added 14 percentage points, bringing our as-reported sales increase versus the prior year to 15%.  Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 390 basis points in the quarter, falling short of our expectations from a combination of declines in the base business and the mixed impact of acquisitions. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 320 basis points. Over 2/3 of that was cost inflation, which, on a rate basis, increased 4.5%, reflecting higher prices on dairy, meat, steel cans and aluminum as well as the higher-than-anticipated escalation of transportation and logistics costs.  The remaining decline was driven by higher supply chain costs in Campbell Fresh and investments associated with our real food initiative. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost-savings initiatives.  With gross margins below the Campbell average, the addition of Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods to the portfolio decreased gross margins by 1.1 points. We fully expect that the margins of these businesses will increase over time, as we integrate them into Campbell and achieve synergies. The higher promotional spending in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks, that I previously mentioned, had a negative impact of 60 basis points. Mix had a slightly negative impact of 30 basis points.  Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost-savings program, contributed 130 basis points of margin improvement. All-in, our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 390 basis points to 32%.  Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 8% in the quarter, primarily due to the impact of recent acquisitions, partly offset by the benefits from our cost-saving initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 6% to $127 million, primarily due to lower incentive compensation and benefit cost, partly offset by the impact of recent acquisitions.  For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.11 from $0.59 in the prior year quarter to $0.70 per share in the current quarter. On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted EBIT had a $0.01 impact in EPS, as the benefit from the recent acquisitions was partly offset by EBIT decline on the base business.  Adjusted net interest expense increased by $32 million, a $0.07 negative impact to EPS, driven by an increase in the debt level, funding our recent acquisitions and reflecting the impact of higher interest rates.  Our adjusted EPS results are benefiting by $0.17 from a lower adjusted effective tax rate. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter declined by about 20 percentage points to 15.3%, driven by the favorable timing of tax expense on an adjusted basis in Q3 related to the impairment charges, which we expect will reverse in Q4.  Benefiting from share repurchases in prior periods, a lower share count added a $0.01 benefit to EPS. And lastly, currency translation had no impact on EPS, completing the bridge to $0.70 per share. Although not shown on the chart, the Snyder's-Lance and Pacific Foods acquisitions in aggregate had a negative EPS impact of approximately $0.03.  Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 2%, driven primarily by declines in V8 beverages, Plum Organics and U.S. Soup. Excluding the benefit of the acquisition of Pacific Foods, sales of U.S. Soup declined 1%, driven by declines in condensed soups, partly offset by gains in broth and ready-to-serve soups. As expected, we are seeing improved sales performance in U.S. Soup relative to the first half.  Segment operating earnings declined 3% in the quarter to $217 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage, partly offset by lower administrative expenses and lower marketing and selling expenses. Segment gross margin performance continued to be impacted by higher transportation and logistics cost and from the negative mix impact of adding Pacific Foods to the portfolio.  Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our shared results as measured by IRI. Our results are shown on a pro forma basis, including the recently acquired Pacific Foods business. For the 52-week period ending April 29, 2018, the category continued to show growth, increasing 130 basis points. However, our sales in measured channels declined 1.9%. We had a 59.5% market share for the 52-week period, down 2 points from a year ago. Our consumption and share decline are attributable to our performance with a key customer, which we've previously discussed.  Private label grew share by 140 basis points, primarily reflecting gains in broth, finishing at 15.3%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.2%, increasing 60 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, sales were $862 million in the quarter, including $207 million from Snyder's-Lance. Excluding the benefit of the acquisition and favorable currency translation, organic sales increased 1%, driven by gains in Pepperidge Farm Snacks, reflecting continued growth in Goldfish crackers as well as in cookies, driven by gains in Farmhouse and Milano.  Segment operating earnings increased 23% to $123 million, primarily driven by the benefit of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, segment earnings grew modestly. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales increased 1% to $251 million, driven primarily by gains in refrigerated soup. Sales of Bolthouse Farms refrigerated beverages were comparable to the prior year. The segment had an operating loss of $19 million in the quarter compared to earnings of $1 million in the prior year.  The earnings decline was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage, reflecting lower manufacturing efficiencies and reduced carrot crop yields as well as cost inflation, including significantly higher transportation and logistics cost. The earnings performance of Campbell Fresh is significantly below our expectations as our gross margin has been impacted by the factors I listed. As a result of the performance of Bolthouse Farms CPG and the anticipated loss of private label refrigerated soup contact with certain customers, we performed interim impairment assessment on the Bolthouse Farms CPG business and the daily reporting unit, which includes our fresh soup and Garden Fresh Gourmet businesses. In our GAAP results and within corporate, we recorded pretax noncash impairment charges totaling $619 million or $1.65 per share, reflecting our reduced expectation for current and future earnings and cash flows.  On a company-wide basis, cash from operations increased slightly to $1,024,000,000 compared to $1,011,000,000 in 2017, as higher cash earnings, benefiting from U.S. tax reform, were partly offset by a slight increase in working capital requirements. Capital expenditures were $223 million, $28 million higher than the prior year, reflecting investments to support our cost-saving initiatives. We paid dividends totaling $321 million compared to $314 million in 2017, reflecting the 12% increase in the quarterly dividend rate announced in September of fiscal 2017. In aggregate, we repurchased $86 million of shares on a year-to-date basis, $75 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. With the acquisitions of Snyder's-Lance, we have suspended our share repurchases and did not make any share repurchases in the third quarter.  Net debt of $9.6 billion is up from $3.1 billion a year ago, reflecting the impact of the $6.1 billion acquisition of Snyder's-Lance and the $700 million acquisition of Pacific Foods, partly offset by positive cash flow from the base business. As we've stated before, our priority is to delever the balance sheet following the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Now I'll review our revised 2018 guidance. As shown, we have isolated changes on our base business from the impact of now including the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. I'll start with the sales line. On the base business, we're raising the low end of the sales range, which is now 0% to plus 1%. The acquisition of Snyder's-Lance adds 9 to 10 points of sale, bringing the new range for our sales guidance to plus 10% to plus 11% compared to 2017.  Due to lower expectations for gross margin performance, which I'll discuss in a moment, we now expect adjusted EBIT, in aggregate, to decline by minus 8% to minus 6%, which, relative to our previous guidance, reflects a 4-point reduction on the base business, partly offset by a 3-point contribution from the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. We now expect adjusted EPS to decline by minus 6% to minus 5%, implying a range of $2.85 to $2.90. This includes a forecasted decline on the base of minus 3% to minus 1%, 5 points below our previous guidance and a $0.10 per share negative impact from the Snyder's-Lance acquisition for the 4 months of ownership in 2018. The Snyder's-Lance estimate includes the ongoing impact of purchase accounting and the incremental interest expense associated with funding the transaction.  Given the changes to our outlook, I'll provide a recap of the key assumptions. Our expectation for cost inflation for the year on a rate basis has increased to approximately 4%, reflecting unanticipated increases in transportation and logistics cost. We continue to expect to generate ongoing supply chain productivity gains, excluding the benefit of our cost-savings program, of approximately 3% of cost of products sold. And against our cost-savings program, we expect to deliver $75 million to $85 million of cost savings, most of which will impact costs. We now expect our adjusted gross margin percentage to decline by approximately 3 percentage points, with 1 point attributable to the mix impact of our recent acquisitions and about two points from declines on the base business.  The decline in the base business is attributable to three drivers. The underperformance of Campbell Fresh represents about half of the decline, with a balanced split between the higher-than-expected transportation and logistics costs and slightly higher promotional spending. Below the line, our adjusted interest expense is now expected to increase to a range of $220 million to $225 million, including the impact of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. We now expect our adjusted tax rate, which has benefited from U.S. tax reform, to be in the range of 26% to 27% in 2018, slightly higher than our prior forecast.  The rate forecast also implies a reversal of the Q3 timing benefit in the fourth quarter. This guidance assumes that the impact of currency translation will be slightly positive. We are now forecasting capital expenditures of approximately $440 million, which is an increase from the previous outlook, reflecting spending for the four-month period on Snyder's-Lance.  Lastly, I will update you on our 2019 outlook for Snyder's-Lance. We've owned the business for about 8 weeks, and we remain very optimistic about the long-term potential of the Snyder's-Lance business. Our initial work has confirmed the cost and synergy opportunity, and our long-term financial expectations for this business, including the 2021 EPS accretion, have not changed. That being said, there are several issues we have uncovered, which will impact fiscal 2019. These include a higher-than-expected trade rate, as the company's plan for price realization did not materialize; the impact of higher freight and transportation costs that we're all experiencing; and from higher-than-anticipated costs associated with the relocation and startup of nut-production equipment.  While we believe these issues are addressable, we now expect the Snyder's-Lance acquisition will be modestly dilutive to our 2019 adjusted earnings per share. As I said before, we remain confident that this acquisition will create shareholder value. Before wrapping up, I have a few additional comments on what you should expect from us going forward. As Keith stated, we are not satisfied with our performance and with our expectations for 2018. We know that things must change to drive the performance our shareholders expect from Campbell. We are facing both execution-related and external challenges.  We are analyzing these issues in depth, developing action plans to address them and doing so with a heightened sense of urgency. In addition, we are going to undertake a strategic review of the businesses and brands within our portfolio. On our Q4 earnings call, we intend to share a comprehensive plan and timetable to address the company's challenges and opportunities. On that call, we will also provide our financial guidance for 2019. At this stage, given what we know about accelerating cost inflation, in part due to the anticipated impact of import tariffs and the continuing headwind on transportation and logistics cost, we expect our margins will be down in fiscal 2019.  We are being tough-minded and realistic about where we are today and what needs to be done to improve the business. That said, we remain very optimistic about Campbell's long-term potential. We believe there is a clear path to improve financial performance as we strengthen our terrific snacking platform through the integration of Snyder's-Lance, improve our performance in soup and address our challenges in Campbell Fresh. And at our Investor Day on October 3, we will share more details of our business unit plan for fiscal 2019 as well as our longer-term plans for 2020 and beyond. We look forward to communicating in more depth in August and October.  Before we go to Q&A, Keith and I want to acknowledge that you are likely to have questions about the strategic review we are undertaking. Similarly, we are sure that you are aware that it is not in our best interest to engage in speculative what-if questions or hypothetical scenarios. So please note that we chose our words carefully this morning, and we will not have much to add on this topic until we get back to you on August 30.  With that, I'll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session with Anthony. [Operator Instructions]. Okay, Crystal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I just wanted to ask -- just a clarification and then a question. Anthony, in the comment you made about margins being down in 2019, is that both the base business so before the acquisition and then the dilutive impact of the acquisition? Or is it -- just want to make sure that we're understanding that -- whether it's the base will be down and then the acquisition is also dilutive to margins.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. It's actually both, Bryan. The comments primarily relate to what we're seeing on the base business and the impact of cost inflation that we foresee continuing. And also, in the first year, when we add Snyder's-Lance to the portfolio, the mix impact will also have a negative impact on margin.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just a question on as you're going through strategic review, as we're thinking about the debt that you've just taken on to acquire Lance, is there anything in the terms of your those debt -- in the terms of the debt that you've taken on that provides any limitations to whatever you may contemplate doing in terms of the portfolio? I'm just trying to understand how much flexibility you may or may not have given the debt you've just taken on.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. There's only one small piece of the average financing that has a covenant in it, but we're well below that. And anything we do, I don't think that will be an issue whatsoever.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: My question is going to be about pricing. And if you expect any incremental pricing to help, I guess, cover some of the inflation headwinds in fiscal '19. And I asked that partly because of just some of the concerns around the industry's ability to get that in this environment and then also more specifically, because of the comment you made around Lance. And I think the increased trade rate because of some pricing that I think you said did not materialize. So perhaps you can roll that up into your anticipation around incremental pricing, particularly in light of also the promotional spending in soup that transpired as you kind of got back into promotional activity with a key customer.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. I mean, I guess the problem starts with the forecast that we're seeing for an acceleration in cost inflation and part of that due to the impact of upcoming tariff. So we see pretty significant increases on steel and aluminum and other parts of the commodity basket, things like wheat, resins. Corrugated is another area where we see some increases. So that's obviously going to put some pressure on the margin. And obviously, the question is what is the impact of potential pricing to help to offset that. I don't have a lot of details for you today on that. What I will say, and as you know, it's a very challenging environment out there today. It's a competitive retailer market, and we're all mindful of that. That being said, it would certainly be our intention that, over time, productivity and pricing will offset cost inflation. The challenge is the timing. The other thing that we do and working on is the impact of our cost-savings program to help offset some of that. So as we've done in the past, we do have the 3% annual cost-productivity program coming out of the supply chain. We're also making progress against our targeted $500 million of cost savings by 2020. Our recent decision to close our Toronto manufacturing operations is a good example and relocating most of that production to our U.S. thermal plants. So we're doing all we can to offset the inflationary impact. But as we rack it all up, we do see pressure on the margins going into 2019.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Two from me, if I may. I'm curious about, Keith, the board's search for the next CEO, how that process begins for you as a board really, even goes what the portfolio will look like, what are the challenges involved with that and also really, which qualities you're looking for in the next CEO. I know you talked about some things that are nonnegotiable, such as ethics and so forth. But any color you can give in terms of the kind of person that would be right for the company at this time? And then I guess my second question is on the dividend, and I'm just curious what the board's thoughts are on maintaining that with or without the strategic review.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Ken, I'm going to take that. Given this is Keith's first day, he's not going to participate in the Q&A session. But with respect to the dividend, 2 things I can say. We have a well-articulated priority for the uses of cash. It starts with reinvesting in our business and capital expenditures. Second is the dividend. And third, in the current environment, is to reduce leverage by paying down the debt. We have a robust and significant cash flow, which we fully expect we will continue to maintain a competitive dividend level and to have that dividend increase over time with earnings. So I think the management team as well as the board certainly supports the continued payment of a competitive dividend, and we see nothing that we're looking at that would change that at all.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Keith mentioned a need to rebase earnings further in fiscal 2019, and you added some comments about freight cost and trade rate. And obviously, this talks to the push and pull of cost versus pricing power. But I think long term, there's still that question in -- of the company's ability to meaningfully drive a profitable growth. And so in what areas do you envision Campbell perhaps spending more or executing differently to really promote a more balanced profitable growth? And does -- is there spending in fiscal '19 going towards that and not just essentially rebasing in light of your pricing net of commodities?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I mean, it's a bit premature, again, into too much detail around 2019. But you kind of hinted that the exact idea of the review and what's going to come out of it is a clear articulation of those things we need to do to reposition the company to drive long-term and profitable growth. And as I think about it, we have some great examples within our portfolio. And I think it exemplifies what a branded food company needs to do to deliver. And that's having a product quality that's superior to competition; continuing to innovate in the marketplace; appropriately managing the price gaps, the competition and private label; supporting those brands with compelling advertising and at a competitive level. I think when we do that, it's a win-win-win. It's a win for our consumers, our customers and for us. And I would say a brand like Prego is a good example where we've been able to do that and grow consumption and share. On the other hand, our broth business is a category we haven't done that, and private label has gained some share. So I think if we undertake the review, we're going to look at the portfolio. We're going to look at what got us into this situation and what do we need to change the long-term trajectory of sales and earnings. Because we believe we can do it, and we're optimistic that there is a positive long-term financial performance that will come out of that.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll: So I wanted to -- I have two questions. I'd like to just start off and say, is it fair to say that the bulk of the problems today are C-Fresh-related as it was by far the largest negative variance versus our expectations? And you tick off so many factors, guys, I feel like sometimes it's -- the importance of the different ones is not that clear to people listening to the call. So just number one, can you confirm that my comment, that C-Fresh was the biggest negative variance, is accurate? And then critically here, why are the supply chain fixes not working? Campbell has put an amazing amount of effort and time into getting the supply chain right at C-Fresh. And it just feels like we just keep hearing problems. What's wrong with the supply chain at C-Fresh?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So the first part, just to give the overall context and dimensionalize the C-Fresh issue. So if I go back to where we started the year in terms of our gross margin expectations and where we are now, so we're a couple of points below where we started. Half of that is the situation at Campbell Fresh. And I mean, certainly we face significant challenges there, and the return to profitability has proven certainly more challenging than we anticipated. And I think the situation which we need to analyze further in the fourth quarter, it goes beyond supply chain. We're seeing low crop yields on carrots. We're seeing lower manufacturing yields. We're seeing higher cost inflation in things like transportation and logistics. We've had to go to co-packers, and those are more expensive. The one thing that's actually mitigating some of these issues is the benefit of the productivity program that our supply chain has brought to bear. But unfortunately, it hasn't done enough to offset the other issue. So we're going to take a step back. We're going to do a deeper dive in the fourth quarter and look at the drivers of that performance and figure out what do we do going forward with respect to the Campbell Fresh business.
David Driscoll: And then just one follow-up, Anthony. The factors -- could you be more clear about the factors in '19? I know you're not giving guidance. But I don't like when we get just a couple of negatives, and we don't get enough to understand what you're trying to tell us here on F '19. You have tax benefits that come in, in the first portion of '19. So it's not all negative that there's just no positives here. There was expectations of a lot of cost savings that are supposed to come in, but I'm -- I feel like the tone is so negative on F '19 that we're not getting any balance on it. Is that intentional because these margin declines are so significant?
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, no. It's trying to be transparent in terms of what we see on the horizon. And given what we know now, we'd rather tell you now than tell you later. The issue is primarily one of cost inflation. And we're seeing and expecting an acceleration on the rate of inflation across a number of ingredient and packaging items. For example, we expect double-digit increases on steel and aluminum. A lot of that driven -- or all of it driven by the impact of anticipated tariffs. We're also expecting higher inflation on wheat and vegetables and resins and corrugated. So this is a meaningfully -- meaningful shift in the inflation outlook. Yes, we are going to continue to drive savings to help mitigate that, our 3% productivity program. Our cost-savings initiative continues to deliver. But they're just not sufficient to offset some of these headwinds. So we wanted to be transparent on that today and share with you kind of what we know at this point in time. We clearly have more work to do on this. We're in the midst of rolling up our operating plans and actions for next year. The strategic review we're going to take in the fourth quarter will also inform what actions we take in 2019. But again, we just wanted to share with you what we see on the horizon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I guess there's a 0lot of areas we can go. I'll come to soup real quick. You've resolved the issues with the key customer. Is there any reason to believe one way or the other that any other customers are pushing for concessions to sustain this support there?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So back to the first point. We have made some progress on U.S. Soup. You can see we're down 1% in the quarter versus minus 8% in the first half. Again, we made some progress. We are, as we speak, undertaking our joint business plans with our key customers for next fiscal year and so that will help inform kind of the outlook for next year. I forgot the second part of your question, Jason.
Jason English: I'm really -- my core question is whether or not you have to make concessions to other retailers.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Look, it's a competitive environment. And if you look at the markets we operate in, whether it's Australia or Canada or increasingly so, in the U.S., there is clearly tension, and we need to continue to manage through that. And the way I think we do that is to do the things that make branded foods companies successful around their products and their marketing and their brand support and their availability. So we'll continue to do that and work through these joint business plans with our customers. So there's not really much more I can say on that one.
Jason English: Okay. And I want to come back real quick, my last question, I guess, to Ken Goldman's question on cash flow, use of cash, dividend, et cetera. I was surprised to see you financed Lance with so much short-dated debt. And I know you talked about your robust cash flow, but it doesn't look like it's -- and I think you would agree, it's not robust enough to service the debt maturity over the next 3 years. What levers do you have to pull to navigate through that? Or should we be expecting you to be rolling that debt and refinancing on the forward, likely into a higher-rate environment?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think what we'll do is, as I said before, in terms of our priorities for the use of cash, once we fund our CapEx program, which obviously we're managing very carefully, pay the dividend, the balance will go to reduce debt. And so some of that obviously will get repaid and the balance that we clearly expect to refinance, and we'll have to see what the rate environment is at that time. But I think in the near term, I think we're well positioned in terms of our capital structure and the maturity schedule.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Anthony, can you give us a little more color as to what has gone off plan on Snyder's-Lance? You mentioned that they were trying to execute a price-realization strategy. What's been causing that to go awry? And secondly, can you talk a little bit about the reaction of, I guess, the Snyder's-Lance independent distribution network to this merger? What steps has been -- have been done to bring them into the fold within Campbell? What's been communicated to them to make sure that execution stays on track?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So let me try to address some of those areas. I probably won't be able to address all of them. But in terms of where we are with Snyder's-Lance, I would say, first and foremost, we're very optimistic about what we've seen. We've owned the business now for kind of 8 weeks, and I would say that we're even more confident now in our ability to deliver the $295 million of cost and synergy savings. And as we look longer term, we're certainly on track to deliver the acquisition economics and the 2021 accretion goal. So I just want to make sure we talk about this in the right context. So -- but we have uncovered a couple of things, right? One is the higher-than-expected trade rate, and it reflects -- and I don't want to get into too much detail here, some decisions taken by the former management team. I think what's important, and in our Pepperidge Farm business, we have a very disciplined approach, process and system to managing trade spend, and we are going to implement that in Snyder's-Lance. So that will help us immensely manage the situation. The second thing that's impacting us, and we're all seeing it is the impact of the higher transportation and logistics cost, which, quite frankly, did not moderate as we have expected. And the last situation, which we're working through, is some challenges related to relocating some Emerald nut production from California to Charlotte. The restart-up of that equipment has proven more challenging than the former management team thought and more challenging than we initially thought. So we're working through those 3 issues. We have action plans in place to do that. We believe they're short-term and addressable and remain very optimistic in the long-term outlook for the Snyder's opportunity. With respect to the DSD network, I mean all I can really say on that one is we now have 3 DSD systems, 2 for Pepperidge, 1 for bakery, 1 for snacks and now 1 for Snyder's-Lance, and we will continue to operate those 3 systems independently. That being said, there are significant opportunity to capture synergy in the distribution network, both at the warehouse level and at the depot level.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Anthony, I wanted to dig into the cash expectations for Lance. I mean, it seems the company had really been lacking in terms of automation and robotics in the plants. At the same time, the SKU complexity would seemingly suggest kind of a nice -- an opportunity for working capital improvement. So on balance, between working capital needs, incremental CapEx, synergies being back half-weighted in your guidance, how do you think about Lance's contribution to free cash over the next 1 to 2 years?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think a couple of things there happened. And as we look at the business and some of you have looked at, obviously, at the consumer takeaway, it actually has been negatively impacted by the SKU rationalization efforts that the former management team started and that also we support. I think there's a long tail in the portfolio, and we're doing our best to clean that up a little bit. As our supply chain people have gone through those plans, we see significant opportunities to improve the effectiveness of the operations, potential network optimization opportunities given the overlap between our plant infrastructure and their plant infrastructure. And when we put together our deal model, we did anticipate some investments early on to correct those and to improve the long-term performance of the manufacturing network. So we will continue to execute those plans. We're very confident, as I said before, in the long-term ability for this business to generate positive cash flow. But it does require some investments both on the CapEx lines to take care of some quality situations that we see, to improve some efficiency and some costs related to getting at some of the synergy opportunity. Again, all those were factored in our acquisition economics, and we're confident certainly in our ability to fund those.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gosnell for any closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Crystal. Keith is going to make a few closing comments.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Thanks, Ken. Actually, I just wanted to comment briefly on the question of the board and succession. Of course, the board is working on that. They're thinking about that. But candidly, right now, we're focused on the work we described, the strategy and the portfolio review and honestly, riding the ship. That's what we're focused on right now.  As one question I noted, part of that work will be input to the board on the candidate qualifications and potential. So it's a little bit hard to know precisely what we need in that role until we complete the review, although you kind of note 90-10 what the candidate needs to look like. I would say we have talented candidates inside the company, and we will continue to focus on the mission that we have at hand and getting things back on track.  Lastly, I'd just like to acknowledge, as many of you have pointed out, we're facing some tough market conditions and also some poor operating performance just straight ahead. We have some hard and urgent work in front of us, and we'll face that head on. However, we start from a foundation of strength that's been built over almost 150 years, with products and brands, market positions, margins and cash flow that would be the envy of many, many companies. So we'll do that.  This company has a deep keel, being built over all that time and with that kind of cash and balance sheet strength, and we'll come out of this stronger. I'm confident in that. Lastly, I'd just say, of course, I'm going to be out, listening and talking to customers and suppliers and shareholders, and I very much look forward to meeting many, if not all, of you in the process.  Thank you for your time and interest today, and have a nice weekend. And let me turn it back over to Ken to close the meeting.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Keith. We thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1-404-537-3406. The access code is 649-8114. You will have until June 1, 2018, at which point we move the earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News and Events, just click on the Recent Webcasts and Presentations.  If you have further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Tom Hushen at 856-342-5227. That concludes today's call. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-02-16 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP, Finance, Strategy and IR Denise Morrison - President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - CFO
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Research Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Chris Growe - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance, Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup’s fiscal 2018. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. And one final item before we begin our discussion of the quarter. I would like to cordially invite our interested shareholders, investors, members of the media and consumer to listen to and view our investor presentation at CAGNY which will be video webcast live on Wednesday, February 21 at 11 a.m. eastern time. A replay of the video and copies of the materials will also be available afterwards on our Web site. If you are attending the event, there will be a Campbell sponsored lunch immediately after our presentation. With that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today we will discuss our results in the quarter and our updated outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. I will also detail the actions we are taking to improve our execution and performance in the second half of this year while advancing the long-term transformation of Campbell in response to changing consumer and retailer dynamics. This was a difficult quarter for the company. Our performance was below our expectations. Organic sales declined 2% driven primarily by ongoing disappointing results in U.S. soup and Campbell Fresh. Adjusted EBIT decreased 4%. I will provide a brief overview now and additional details when I share my perspective on our segment performance in a moment. Soup sales declined 7% in the quarter, modestly below what we expected. The issue with the key customer which we last discussed with you in November, continued to negatively impact our U.S. soup sales this quarter. I am encouraged that we are engaging in ongoing discussions with this key customer and making progress. The anticipated improvements in Campbell Fresh's performance did not materialize as we expected with sales declining 1%. While we are making progress in addressing several execution issues, we face new challenges in the quarter with headwinds in the super premium juice segment. Additionally, the carrot yield issue we discussed last quarter extended into the second quarter. The decline in adjusted EBIT reflected the performance of U.S. soup, cost of carrot increases in C Fresh and significantly higher transportation and logistics cost which are impacting all of our U.S. businesses. While we initially expected transportation cost to moderate throughout the year, the challenges have proved more persistent than originally anticipated and we now expect it to continue to impact the business for the reminder of the year. This morning we updated our fiscal 2018 guidance, reflecting our outlook for the reminder of the fiscal year. The completion of the Pacific Foods acquisition and the impact of the recently enacted tax reform legislation. We intend to use future proceeds from the lower tax rate to invest in innovation, particularly in health and well being and snacking, and to accelerate our ecommerce activities. Anthony will take you through the details of our updated guidance in a few minutes. Finally, I want to touch on the status of our multiyear cost savings program. We continue to deliver meaningful savings and I am pleased to say we have identified additional opportunities that have enabled us to increase our savings target from $450 million to $500 million by the end of fiscal 2020. Now let's talk about our performance across our divisions. Let's start with Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Sales and operating earnings both declined in the quarter. The decline in the top line was driven primarily by the performance of U.S. soup and V8 beverages. U.S. soup sales declined 7%, an improvement from the first quarter of the fiscal year but still slightly below our expectations for this quarter. Nearly all of the decline was a result of the key customer issue referenced earlier. We have kept an open and positive dialog with this customer and are making progress. I recognize that you likely have many questions about soup but I know that you understand that we don’t discuss details about specific customers. What I can tell you is that based on recent developments, we now expect sales declines in soup to moderate in the second half. In the balance of the marketplace we delivered better performance in soup as our program was well received and consumer takeaway was up slightly. In particular, the Well Yes! and Slow Kettle lines continue to perform well. We are pleased to have completed the acquisition of Pacific Foods in the quarter and we are moving quickly to integrate the finance, supply chain, and quality functions. Pacific complements our portfolio by adding a differentiated brand with organic and functional attribute in soup, broth, and plant based beverages that appeal to consumers seeking health and well being benefits. Turning to beverages. Our V8 portfolio remained challenged and sales of V8 declined in the quarter. The shelf stable beverage category continues to face headwinds. Despite the overall sales decline, we continue to see positive consumption trends in V8 + Energy. We are focused on reinvigorating the brand with innovation that connects our vegetable nutrition equities with the functional benefits consumers are seeking, focusing on our profitable V8 original and V8 + Energy lines. Now let's turn to Campbell Fresh. In the quarter, sales declined 1% and we recorded a loss of $11 million. This performance was below our expectations. As I mentioned at the outset, the C Fresh team has made progress in overcoming several of its operational challenges. Namely, we have improved beverage and carrot quality, addressed capacity constraints in beverages and returned the CPG business to competitive promotional levels. However, our progress was slowed in the quarter by new challenges in the super premium juice segment as we continue to experience higher carrot cost due to the yield issues we discussed last year. Let's start with beverages. The headwinds in the super premium juice segment are multi-faceted. We believe the primary drivers concerns about sugar and consumers migrating to functional beverages that deliver benefits such as protein, gut health, energy and hydration. Several customers recently reset their premium juice category reducing space in the super premium segment. Because of these resets and our previous supply constraints, Bolthouse Farms lost some shelf space which hurt beverage sales in the quarter. To address this, we are launching our most robust beverage innovation line in two years. Our upcoming beverage innovation suite is designed to address the sugar issue and evolve our beverage portfolio to be in-step with consumer preferences. We believe it will begin to rejuvenate the super premium segment by introducing functional benefits at an affordable price point, as well as expand our footprint in the ultra-premium segment. We are launching 19 beverages SKUs this spring compared to just three a year ago. Notably, we just started shipping the new Bolthouse Farms B Line which consists of 8 varieties. B Strong and B Balanced delivers great taste, functional benefits and reduced sugar. B Strong is a protein drink with 70% less sugar than other leading brands and B Balanced smoothies contains 50% less sugar than other brands. The B Line has been well received by customers as it meets the consumer preferences for reduced sugar and functional benefits. Additionally, we are building on the initial success of our alternative dairy drink, Bolthouse Farms plant protein milk, by expanding our plant based offerings in the ultra-premium segment with three new protein varieties of 1915 by Bolthouse Farms. We expect our spring beverage innovations will drive improved performance in the second half. Now an update on farms. While sales of carrot and carrot ingredients increased 3% in the quarter, the yield issue we experienced earlier in the year extended into the second quarter. As we discussed in November, our carrot crops were negatively impacted by adverse weather which resulted in extremely low yields and caused us to place customers on allocation. We came off allocation in December as planned but the lingering effect of this issue drove higher carrot cost and impacted profit in the second quarter. In the back half, our plans called for improved performance in Campbell Fresh. In support of our beverage innovation, we will launch new marketing and promotional campaigns to improve CPG performance. We also remain focused on executing our quality strategy in carrots and delivering supply chain productivity improvements. At the highest level, we know that consumer preferences for fresh and healthier food continues to be strong and we remain confident in the growth potential of the package fresh categories. We are focused on improving our execution and returning C Fresh to profitable growth. Finally, our global biscuits and snacks division. This division continues to deliver consistent performance, especially Pepperidge Farm. In the quarter sales growth was primarily driven by the continued solid performance of Pepperidge Farm and gains in Kelsen in China. In Pepperidge Farm I am pleased with the top line performance of snacks, where both crackers and cookies contributed to gains and grew share in the quarter. Our cracker portfolio outpaced the category behind continued strong performance from the Goldfish brand. And in our cookie portfolio, the Farmhouse line which delivers great taste with simple recognizable ingredients, continued to perform well. Outside the U.S., Kelsen delivered solid performance in China. I am encouraged with the progress we have made in becoming a more consumer focused operation and improving our logistics, supply chain and the management of our expanded distribution network. This quarter we had a strong sell-in for Chinese New Year and our distributors delivered well executed, merchandizing programs leading up to the holiday, which is being celebrated today. The division's operating earnings were impacted by rising inflation, particularly significantly higher prices for butter, which we are addressing through pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements. Overall, I feel good about our performance in global biscuits and snacks and I am confident that this team will continue to drive our core business while integrating Snyder's Lance into Campbell. We now expect to complete the Snyder's Lance transaction by the end of the first calendar quarter. In closing, this was a difficult quarter and I am not satisfied with our performance. We are continuing to take actions to improve our execution and expect better results in the second half. We have made progress with our key customer around soup and we now expect sales declines in soup to moderate in the second half. We have plans in place to combat the headwinds in the super premium beverage category segment and expand our presence in the ultra premium segment of the market. We expect our robust beverage innovation and marketing to lead to improved performance in the back half for Campbell Fresh. We are driving continued momentum in global biscuits and snacks with strong performance in Pepperidge Farm. We are moving quickly to integrate Pacific Foods into Campbell. We are successfully executing our cost savings program and have identified new savings opportunities and we are making the necessary investments to drive growth, including accelerating our ecommerce efforts with increased levels of activity and investing in long-term disruptive innovation. Despite challenges in the quarter, we have made significant progress towards our long-term strategy to transform Campbell's portfolio in the faster growing spaces of health and well being and snacking. In particular, the pending Snyder's Lance acquisition will be the largest acquisition in our history. Snacking is a category we know extremely well and the acquisition complements Pepperidge Farm which has been one of our best long-term performing businesses. We are confident that the Snyder's Lance acquisition will deliver significant shareholder value. Campbell will look all together different once we complete this transaction. The addition of Snyder's Lance will have a transformational impact on Campbell, adding $2.2 billion in annual net sales. As a result, snacking will represent approximately 46% of our total company net sales. We are acting with urgency to transform Campbell, I am confident that the steps we are taking will gain traction and lead to improved performance. I look forward to answering your questions in a few moments and to seeing many of you at CAGNY next week, where we will share additional information on our strategic transformation. But first, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter and revised 2018 guidance. Our challenge in the quarter was our gross margin performance as the percentage declined by about 2 points compared to last year. Gross margin performance was pressured by cost inflation, primarily butter prices as well as higher transportation and logistics cost which did not moderate as expected and higher carrot and manufacturing cost in Campbell Fresh. Reflecting this performance and lower expectations going forward for C Fresh, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge on the carrot and carrot ingredient business. On the positive side, we continue to make progress on our multiyear cost savings programs. We generated $20 million of savings in the quarter, bringing the program to date total to $365 million. We now expect to deliver $75 million to $85 million in 2018. Based on our success to date, and additional opportunities identified, we had increased our 2020 target to $500 million, a $50 million increase. We are benefitting from the recently enacted U.S. tax reform legislation. The lower ongoing tax rate is benefiting Q2 EPS by $0.12 and adding $0.25 to the full year adjusted EPS forecast as we lower our expected adjusted effective tax rate to approximately 26%. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect lower expectations for gross margin performance on the base business. The addition of Pacific Foods to the portfolio and the impact of U.S. tax reforms. Now I will review our results in more detail. For the second quarter, net sales on as reported basis were comparable to the prior year at $2,180 million. Excluding a one point benefit from the acquisition of specific foods and a one point benefit from currency translation, organic net sales declined 2% driven primarily by lower volumes in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter declined 4% to $402 million, reflecting a lower adjusted gross margin percentage, partly offset by an increase in adjusted other income and lower marketing and selling expenses. Reflecting a lower adjusted effective tax rate attributable to tax reform, adjusted EPS increased 10% or $0.09 to $1 per share. For the first half, as reported net sales declined 1% and organic net sales declined by 2% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT decreased 10% to $819 million and adjusted EPS was up $1.91, was down 1%. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales declined 2% driven by lower volume, reflecting declines in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, driven primarily by U.S. soup and V8 beverages. Overall, promotional spending rates were comparable to the prior year. There was a positive impact from currency translation of 1%, principally the Australian and Canadian dollar. There was also a 1% increase as a result of the recent Pacific Foods acquisition which closed in December, bringing our as reported sales to year ago level. Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 220 basis points in the quarter. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 330 basis points. The majority of this was cost inflation which on a rate basis increased about 3.5% reflecting higher prices on dairy, meat, steel cans and aluminum. The reminder was driven by higher transportation and logistics cost, cost associated with our Real food initiative and higher carrot and manufacturing cost in Campbell Fresh. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Mix had a negative impact of 60 basis points primarily due to the impact of the Pacific Foods acquisition, including the purchase accounting impact and negative mix from the sales decline in U.S. soup. Pricing has a positive impact of 20 basis points, driven by pricing on our Kelsen business as we partly recover significant cost increases on butter. Promotional spending also had a positive impact of 20 basis points in the quarter, primarily reflecting reduction of inefficient promotional spending on the Arnott’s business. Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost savings program contributed 130 basis points of margin improvement. All in, our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 220 basis points to 35.2%. Marketing and selling expenses declined 5% in the quarter, reflecting lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses and the benefits from our cost savings initiatives, partly offset by investments in ecommerce. The majority of the reduction in advertising and consumer promotion spending, reflects the timing shift on Kelsen from the second quarter into the third quarter to support the later timing of the Chinese New Year. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 1% to $139 million. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line item. Adjusted EPS increased $0.09 from $0.91 in the prior year quarter to $1 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, the decline in adjusted EBIT had a negative $0.04 impact on EPS, primarily driven by our gross margin performance, partly offset by an increase in adjusted other income and lower marketing and selling expenses. Net interest expense was up $4 million, a $0.01 negative impact to EPS, reflecting higher rates and an increase in the debt level associated with the acquisition of Pacific Foods. Our adjusted EPS results are benefitting from the ongoing benefit of U.S. tax reform. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter including a year to date true up, declined by about 9 percentage points to 18.9%. The lower adjusted tax rate in the quarter increased EPS by $0.11, including a $0.12 per share impact from U.S. tax reforms. Benefitting from share repurchases, the lower share count added a $0.02 benefit to EPS. And lastly, although currency translation was slightly favorable, it has no impact on EPS completing the bridge to $1 per share. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 4%, driven primarily by declines in U.S. soup and V8 beverages, partly offset by gains in our retail business in Canada. Excluding the benefit of the acquisition of Pacific Foods, sales of U.S. soup declined 7%, driven by declines in ready to serve and condensed soups. Broth sales were comparable to a year ago. As previously discussed U.S. soup sales were negatively impacted by reduced support levels with a key customer. As Denise mentioned, we are making progress and expect improved sales trends in the back half. Dollar consumption of soup in measured channels declined by 3%. The difference between consume takeaway and our sales is primarily due to higher retail sales prices. Changes in retailer inventory levels did not meaningfully impact our soup sales performance in the quarter. Segment operating earnings decreased 9% in the quarter to $282 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage and lower sales volumes, partly offset by lowering marketing and selling expenses. Segment gross margin performance was impacted by higher transportation and logistics cost as well as negative mix related to the acquisition of Pacific Foods and lower organic soup sales. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52 week period ending January 28, 2018, the category as a whole increased 80 basis points. Our sales in measured channels declined 1.2%. Including Pacific, on a pro forma basis, we had a 60% market share for the 52 week period, down 120 basis points from the year ago period. Private label grew share by 130 basis points, reflecting gains in broth, finishing at 14.9%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 25.1%, decreasing 10 basis points. In global biscuits and snacks, organic sales increased 3%, driven by gains in Pepperidge Farm snacks, reflecting continued momentum in Goldfish crackers and double digit gains in cookies and also from gains on Kelsen cookies in China in advance of the Chinese New Year. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, sales of Arnott's biscuits were comparable to the prior year. Segment operating earnings increased 1% to $139 million. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, operating earnings were comparable to the prior year with lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, offset by a lower gross margin percentage, reflecting higher levels of cost inflation, particularly on butter. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales declined 1% to $257 million, driven primarily by sales declines in Bolthouse Farms refrigerated beverages. Segment operating earnings in the quarter declined from a loss of $3 million to a loss of $11 million, reflecting a lower gross margin percentage, driven by higher supply chain cost, as well as higher carrot cost attributable to adverse weather earlier in the fiscal year. Within this segment, the performance of the carrot and carrot ingredient business, was below our expectations. We have lowered our future projections for the carrot business and in our reported results recorded a non-cash impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill. Cash from operations declined slightly to $660 million compared to $667 million in 2017 as higher hedging related payment were mostly offset by improved working capital performance. Capital expenditures were $132 million, $13 million higher than the prior year. We paid dividends totaling $216 million compared to $207 million in 2017, reflecting the 12% increase in the quarterly dividend rate announced in September of fiscal 2017. In aggregate, we repurchased $86 million of shares on a year-to-date basis, $75 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity based compensation. With the pending acquisition of Snyder's Lance, we have now suspended our share repurchases. Net debt of $3.7 billion is up from $3.2 billion a year ago as the impact of the Pacific Foods acquisition debt was partly offset by positive cash flow on the base business. Now I will review our revised 2018 guidance. As shown, we have isolated changes in our base business from the impact of the Pacific Foods acquisition and tax reforms. We now expect sales to change by minus 1% to plus 1%. This includes a 1 point benefit from the Pacific Foods acquisition that was completed in December 2017. The sales outlook on the base business remains unchanged from our previous guidance. Primarily due to lower expectations for gross margin performance which I will discuss in a moment, we now expect adjusted EBIT to decline by minus 7% to minus 5%, including a one point negative impact from Pacific Foods. As previously disclosed, we expect that the Pacific Foods acquisition will negatively impact EPS by $0.05 in fiscal 2018. We also expect the ongoing rate benefit of U.S. tax reform to have a positive impact on adjusted EPS of approximately $0.25 in fiscal 2018, reflecting an adjusted tax rate of approximately 26%. All in, we now expect adjusted EPS to increase by 2% to 4%. As we will discuss next week at CAGNY, we expect to utilize a portion, potentially a majority of the tax reform benefits to accelerate our investments in the P&L in fiscal 2019. In our next earnings call, we will update our guidance to include the impact of the Snyder's Lance acquisition on the balance of our fiscal year. Given the changes to our outlook, I will wrap up with a recap of the key assumptions. We have seen an uptick in cost inflation and now forecast and inflation rate of approximately 3%. In addition, our supply chain costs are being impacted by higher transportation and logistics cost and increased carrot and manufacturing cost in C Fresh. We continue to expect ongoing supply chain productivity gain, excluding the benefit of our cost savings program of approximately 3% across the products sold. And against our cost savings program, we now expect to deliver $75 million to $85 million of cost savings most of which will impact cost. With higher than anticipated cost inflation and other supply chain cost, as well as our expectation for more normal soup promotional spending in the back half and the acquisition of Pacific Foods, partly offset by increased cost savings, we expect our adjusted gross margins to decline about 1 percentage point. Below the line, our interest expense is now expected to increase to a range of $135 million to $140 million, reflecting higher interest rates and increased debt to fund the acquisition of Pacific Foods. Reflecting the benefit of tax reform we expect the adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 26%, and because of the acquisition of Pacific Foods and the pending acquisition of Snyder's Lance, share purchases after completing $86 million year-to-date, are now on hold. This guidance assumes that the impact of currency translation will be slightly positive. Lastly, we are forecasting capital expenditures of approximately $425 million, which is an increase from the previous outlook, reflecting recently initiated projects under our cost savings programs and spending for Pacific Foods. That concludes my remarks, now I will turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start the Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Candice?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess bigger question. You have got the tax savings which you are going to reinvest a portion of even in the 2019. While at the same time, you know there is -- you are going through some cost savings. Can you kind of talk about sort of the incremental need to invest now? How much of that is driven by like the commodity inflation? How much of it is being driven by just how rapidly things are changing, I guess, in the retail environment but it's a pretty material step up in investment and I am trying to understand sort of what's changed to drive that investment. And maybe second, if you can give a little bit of comment on expected return. At what time frame could we expect that that incremental investment will begin to kind of result in an acceleration in sales and earnings?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So I will take a crack at that. You know as we look at our business and we are right in the middle of our planning process now for next fiscal year and I think we have mentioned before the areas that we need to reinvest in along the lines of building capability in digital and ecommerce, supporting our brands and launching new products. Investing in longer term innovation, things like Habit, and some other ventures that we have underway. And as we go through that and see the [indiscernible] of the tax reform coming, we really do see an opportunity to accelerate those investment to position the company for long term growth. We are still working through some of the details on that and we will have more to say I think when we get to our 2019 guidance. But we will talk about this next week. We really see 2019 as a transition year for us. We need to do a couple of things. We need to stabilize U.S. soup, we need to turn around our Campbell Fresh business, we need to make these investments to drive long-term growth, we need to add Pacific Foods and integrate Snyder's Lance into the portfolio and I think as you look beyond 2019. Our confidence level in achieving our long-term targets of 1% to 3% sales, 4% to 6% EBIT and 5% to 7% EPS are very high and I think that’s where you will start to see those returns.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Denise, I know you are clearly limited in what you can say on sort of the soup situation as you mentioned. But maybe perhaps you can comment a little bit on sort of what is behind the expectation for a moderation in soup declines in the fiscal second half. I guess what I am getting at is, you had mentioned progress and I am wondering if it can be I guess beneficial to all parties. I think Anthony has said maybe a more normal promotional posture. So just trying to get a sense of, what changes you can speak to and if it can be sort of what's called a mutual beneficial arrangement.
Denise Morrison: Well, as you know in the first half and particularly in this quarter, we did have U.S. soup sales declines and if you look at our consumption, it was minus 3%, our sales were down 7%. The consumption in the rest of the market was positive and so the rest of the market, the soup programs actually were very well received. As we go into the second half, given the positive conversations we have had, we expect a much more normal promotion schedule in the second half of the year and therefore our soup declines to moderate in the second half, and that’s pretty much all I can say about it.
Andrew Lazar:
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: I literally have probably ten questions but I will keep to your rule and just ask one. Andrew got the soup one which is a great one but C Fresh, is profit recovery tied to sales growth? And then just explaining that a little further, what I am trying to get at is should we see profit recovery from these depressed levels even if sales are constant. And then related to C Fresh but on the sales line specifically, what is the second half expectation. It sounds like you are telling us that there should be a sizable boost with all the new product activity but I would really like to calibrate expectations while this segment has been hard for us to forecast.
Denise Morrison: Yes. That’s about five questions but let take a crack at that. You know what we have going on in the second half of the year is we have much more robust innovation in beverages coupled with our supply constraints behind us and a normal promotional schedule. It's the first time that we have had all three legs of the stool going for us and that’s why we are optimistic that we can make significant gains in the beverage business in the back half of the year. And the rest of our CPG business in Campbell Fresh is positive growth. So getting beverages back to growth and continuing that momentum in the other parts of the business. And that’s the higher margin part of the business is an important idea. In carrots, carrots and carrot ingredients actually grew. However, because of the yield issue we had due to the adverse weather, it cost us more. And therefore affected our profitability. Given that we have very robust plans in the supply chain and with improved productivity to make margin improvements in this business. And we are very very focused on executing those. So the growth of the top line in the CPG business coupled with the improvement of margins from the supply chain and productivity program, should give us a much more profitable growth algorithm on this business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So just to add to that. The margin recovery is not sales dependent and we would expect to see top line growth and positive EBIT in Campbell Fresh in the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: I am just curious, now that there has been a write-down taken, what about lessons that you learned from the Bolthouse acquisition and is there anything that you can take, either positively or negatively but hopefully constructively, and apply to the Snyder's Lance deal that’s obviously ahead. Or is it really just sort of a unique situation to Bolthouse where things didn’t go quite as well as you thought when you first bought the business. At least that’s how we look at them on the outside.
Denise Morrison: Yes. And that’s a very constructive question, and there have been lessons learned from the acquisitions, particularly that one. First of all, what we learned was that its' really an imperative to integrate supply train and quality earlier. And in fact right out of the gate Campbell's has a very high standard as you know and with what we went through in the Bolthouse Farms situation, we believe that that’s an imperative and we are doing that with Pacific as we speak and we will do that with Snyder's Lance after we close. I think second of all, the carrot business was much more volatile than what we expected. This is fresh food and there is no roof over the factory of a carrot field and so are getting much better at recognizing what are the early warnings in that business. But that proved to be more volatile. There won't be any necessarily lessons learnt from that because the Snyder's Lance acquisition and the Pacific acquisition are in categories that we have a lot more experience in. And then I think the third lesson is make sure you get the right people in the right place early. And so we are applying that philosophy going forward.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That’s very helpful. Just a quick follow-up. Obviously Snyder's Lance has its own DSD. Pepperidge has its own DSD. You talked about integrating the supply chain right out of the gate. It doesn’t require necessarily, how should I say this delicately, shutting down routes. That’s not delicate but I tried. I am just trying to figure out because there is some speculation out there that you will have to shut down or consolidate somewhere else. That could be a little bit of an impediment to some of the goals that you have in that integration.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I can take that one. I would say we have no plans to integrate the actual DSD systems. These are independent distributors, so we will leave that at that. I think where we really see significant opportunity is we have overlapping warehouse systems, we have overlapping depots. And even before you get to the DSD guy, there is significant opportunity to extract cost synergies and that will be our focus in the near term.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: I wanted to ask a broader question about beverages and Campbell's. Challenges and what you consider your competitive advantages in beverages. I mean my perception is, a category like soup but the changes are more incremental and just relatively speaking. So Campbell can always compete. But beverages I just find that this competitive environment is changing all the time. You mentioned today that retailers are resetting the shelves away from sugar-enhanced items and refrigerated. You had continued challenges in V8. Can you just comment a little bit about what you see your competitive advantage are in beverage and whether why did beverage belong with a food company and maybe not with another beverage company.
Denise Morrison: Sure. I think it's really obvious when you look at consumer trends that there have been fundamental changes in consumer's preferences in the beverage category. Our competitive advantage in V8 is that we are vegetable based. And in our hundred percent vegetable juice and in our V8 + Energy, which is powered by green tea, we actually have performed pretty well. It's where we have had the combination of fruit and vegetable which is higher in sugar that we have been affected. And in the super premium segment of the Fresh business, we have now realized there is the same shift going on and that’s why we have been very proactive in anticipating that shift and are able to launch a pretty extensive line of great tasting, reduced sugar with functional benefit beverages. And we have got more in the pipeline where that came from. So I feel really good that we are on top of the consumer trends, it is happening not only in juice but it's happening throughout beverage world. And the beverage business is profitable for us and we consider it a good part of our portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Just wanted to ask a question on soup and want to get away from the one customer thing. Sometimes I feel like that keeps us from talking about the brand the category fundamentals. But if you just include all of your customers in this answer, are there opportunities for improvement in your perspective in your U.S. soup pricing and promotion strategy and perhaps things that you think about that will help the consistency of this business which will already be a smaller part of the business after Snyder's Lance.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We spend a lot of time with our revenue management and working with our customers on the right pricing and promotion plans. In fact, we go into that, our joint business planning, now through June with our key customers to work through that. We have to pay attention to the market place changes and this category is price elastic, so that’s an important thing to pay attention to. And there is some different dynamics depending upon whether you are working with condensed soup, RTS or broth. But all of that is taken into consideration as we plan our next season.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: I just had a question for you in relation to cost inflation and how you are addressing that from this point forward, particularly around freight and obviously the things like butter. You had mentioned in some cases some price increases. Let me be a little surgical. So is it relying on cost savings, productivity, or is it pricing and maybe perhaps lower promotional spending to accommodate cost inflation is my question.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I would say we look at the latter. We look at it holistically and I would say that over time we expect our productivity improvement and price realization to more than offset cost inflation. Now obviously that can vary depending on the time period and we are seeing some pretty high cost inflation right now. I mentioned 3.5% cost inflation rate in the quarter. Significantly higher product prices and that’s primarily hitting our Kelsen business and the second quarter is their largest quarter of the year. So it is having a differential impact in the quarter. Kelsen has taken some pricing to recover part but not all and we will look for productivity improvements to help there as well. On the transportation and logistics side, this is volatile situation. Obviously, the rate increases are lasting longer than we expected. We don’t know if this is a long-term phenomena yet but if it is, we would look to over time recover that through price realization as well. But we will have to watch that one a bit closer.
Chris Growe: Is this a year then, Anthony, where your pricing and your productivity combined, maybe it's more in the short term, cannot overcome the cost inflation, and therefore is that part of what that gross margin drag you estimate.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So we see about a point of gross margin decline now. And I would say probably about 60 basis points of that is the base business for the very reason you said that we are not going to be able to cover cost inflation and these other supply chain issues that we are experiencing particularly around Campbell Fresh. And the other, say 40 basis points, is the Pacific Foods acquisition. We bought it in December so it's kind of an offseason for them. And then when you add purchase accounting, so we have got this one time step up on inventory, we have got incremental depreciation and amortization. That’s making the Pacific Foods dilutive to gross margin in fiscal '18 but as we look ahead to 2019, we would expect Pacific to be modestly accretive at the EPS line. So we have got a couple of things this year that I would consider hopefully more one time in nature.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: I apologize in advance but I want to come back to soup with two questions. First, I am not sure what it means that the back half of the year will be kind of normal promotional environment because you are kind of out of soup season. So there is not a whole lot of promotional environment in the back half of the year. Is it fair to interpret that as meaning when you go into the front half of next year, it's going to look more normal.
Denise Morrison: There actually is quite a bit of promotional activity through the third quarter. I would say it starts to wane in the fourth quarter. And, yes, we are anticipating that our promotional schedule will be more normal in the back half and in the first half of next year.
Jason English: That’s helpful. And then my follow on. The situation is really fascinating. At the core it kind of looks like it's just been a big margin transfer with you taking some pain in the form of volume deleverage and then taking some gain in the form of the price increases you mentioned at retail that aren't your own. Do you think that that margin transfer is permanent and what is the risk that other retailers look to push for similar margin transfer.
Denise Morrison: I mean the only way I can answer that is that, again, we go through joint business planning with all of our customers and we work through what our pricing and programs are going to be for the upcoming season. This is annual in addition to shelving and merchandising. And you know that practice hasn’t changed.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Just I want to stick with soup and the investments there. There has been a lot of change in the simple meals category over the past few years whether it's been improved ingredients, frozen, traction from prepared, now there is meal delivery. So I guess in light of the increased competition or I guess even fragmentation now. Is it still reasonable to think that soup is kind of mid-20% margin business going forward. Why shouldn’t we expect to see large reinvestments whether it's directly into pricing or even in the integrated marketing spend, just given the evolution.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean there is no question about the fact there is different kinds of competition that are coming into the marketplace and we have anticipated that competition. I mean Well Yes! Is a perfect example of where we co-created a brand with a consumer who is desiring a great taste in clean label, recognizable ingredient soup and we were able to put that out in the market and that brand is done very very well. I could also go to Slow Kettle, which fulfills the need for convenience [hearty] [ph] or a little bit more premium dinner soup. So I think that dynamic hasn’t changed. If you listen to the consumer, there is still ways to satisfy that consumer as their preferences evolve in this category and [indiscernible] margins.
John Baumgartner: So it sounds as if the mix is still a lever you feel that you can pull going forward though.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Look forward to seeing you in Florida. Is there anything to read into closing the Snyder's Lance deal in the next few weeks. I think your initial press release had said some time in calendar Q2. Is there anything to read into that and related to that, Anthony your comment, I think it was the Ken's question that there are no intention to integrate the two independent business owner networks, I thought was fascinating. And maybe if you could, you delve into a little bit more to the extent you can, some of your follow up commentary on the kinds of synergies and kinds of integration you are going to hope to achieve in that supply chain. You mentioned different warehouses and what not. But if you are not putting those two things together, how exactly does putting those warehouse systems together work.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. I guess our expectation at the moment is that the Snyder's Lance deal were closed towards the end of the calendar first quarter. The only major hurdle left is shareholder approval of the Snyder's Lance shareowners. All the rest, all the more significant hurdles have been crossed so hopefully that will happen at that time. And we will talk more about this next week but we continue to see significant cost synergy opportunity between our Pepperidge Farm business and Snyder's Lance. So $170 million of cost synergies and they run through a number of areas, but just commenting on the distribution side. Pepperidge Farm has a national warehouse system and a national depot system from hundreds of depots throughout the country. Snyder's Lance has exactly the same thing and this is even before the product gets to the independent distributor. So we see significant cost synergy opportunity in the distribution side of the business. We also see opportunity in procurement. We see supply chain opportunities. We see opportunities in number of other areas. So we remain highly confident that we can get to the synergy target that we have talked about with you before.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: Just back on soup, you talk about the strength the private labels had and its share gains. Can you talk about some of what's driving that? Is it primarily shelf space in distribution games, is it an innovation push from the private label. Is it just pricing driven. What are some of the factors there?
Denise Morrison: Well, the way we are looking at it is private label grew share slightly in condensed and RTS, it grew share slightly, but is still below average and relatively small. Where private label has been more impactful has been in the broth business and what we have done is recognize that we have a differentiated product with Swanson and need to talk more about our product differentiation and continue to differentiate that product. In addition, the acquisition of Pacific Foods gives us a highly differentiated organic and functional broth product that we believe will set us up to satisfy different consumer needs.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gosnell for any closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Candice. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes by going online or calling 1-404-537-3406. The access code is 6692659. You have until March 2nd midnight at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the Web site at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under news and events. If you have further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Tom Hushen at 856-342-5227. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-11-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP, Finance, Strategy and IR Denise Morrison - President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - CFO
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Andrew Lazar - Barclays Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Steve Strycula - UBS Chris Growe - Stifel David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citi Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President Finance, Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup’s fiscal 2018. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the Company adopted new accounting guidance that changes the presentation of net periodic pension costs and net periodic post retirement benefit costs. Certain amounts in the prior year were reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The reclassifications did not impact EBIT. Also beginning in fiscal 2018, the business in Latin America is managed as part of the Global Biscuits and Snacks segment rather than the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment as in prior years. Prior period segment results have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this change. An 8-K will be filed on December 8th along with our 10-Quarter, which will recast historical quarterly and annual financial information, reflecting both of these changes. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thanks, Ken. Good morning and welcome everyone to our first quarter call. Today, we’ll discuss our results in the quarter, our updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2018 and the actions we’re taking to improve our performance and to position Campbell for long-term growth. When we last spoke in September, we outlined our expectations for fiscal 2018 and indicated that we anticipated a challenging first half. However, the first quarter was weaker than we expected, particularly for our U.S. soup business. In the quarter, our organic sales declined 2%, driven primarily by declines in U.S. soup. Adjusted EBIT declined 14%. There were several factors that contributed to this performance. First, in September, we discussed how a key customer’s different promotional approach to the soup category would negatively impact our U.S. soup business in fiscal 2018. This had a larger impact on sales than originally anticipated, primarily due to a lower seasonal inventory build compared to a year ago. The dialogue with this key customer remains open, and I’m very optimistic that we will reach a positive resolution. Second, unfavorable weather negatively impacted carrot crop yields and led to supply constraints and higher than expected cost. As a result, we placed customers on allocation in the quarter. We expect to be off allocation by December. And finally, the hurricane recovery efforts in Florida and Texas resulted in higher than expected supply chain costs, due to the surge in demand for transportation and logistics. We’ll be impacted by this in the near-term but the cost impact will moderate over time. As a result of the factors that impacted gross margin and our commitment to maintain investments in the business, we updated our fiscal 2018 guidance, this morning. For fiscal 2018, our outlook for sales remains unchanged. We continue to expect net sales to be in the range of minus 2 to flat for the year. However, we have lowered our earnings outlook, reflecting our gross margin performance in the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect adjusted EBIT to change by minus 4% to minus 2%, previously minus 1 to plus 1%, and adjusted EPS to change by minus 3 to minus 1%, previously flat to plus 2%. The operating environment remains challenging for the many reasons we’ve cited over the past year, but we continue to believe that it’s imperative to invest back in our business to differentiate our brands, to drive innovation, particularly in health and wellbeing, and snacking to accelerate our e-commerce capabilities and to diversify our portfolio. That’s why we remain committed to reinvest a portion of our ongoing cost savings into the areas that hold the greatest prospects for growth. In Q1, we continued to invest back in our core business and in the pursuit of new growth opportunities including support for our product innovations, our real food efforts, building our e-commerce unit as well as funding longer term innovation efforts. First, we’re supporting our new product innovations such as Well Yes! soup and Chunky Maxx soups, Pepperidge Farm farmhouse cookies and Bolthouse Farms plant protein milk, a dairy alternative with 10 grams of protein. Second, in real food, we completed the transition out of BPA in our can linings in the United States and Canada, and continue to convert our soups to chicken with no antibiotics. Third, our newly formed e-commerce unit in North America has been very active. While small, our e-commerce sales increased significantly in the quarter. We launched several meal kits through our strategic partnership with Chef’d. We also made progress on enhancing our distribution capabilities in partnership with DHL, opening a facility in Fort Worth and breaking ground on another in Ohio. This will help meet the growing demand for customization from both traditional and e-commerce customers. In health and well-being space, we continue to fund Habit, a personalized nutrition start-up. Habit is an example of how we’re investing in new models of innovation. Over time, we expect multiple business models to emerge. Following the national launch of its nutrition test kits in August, the Habit team is expanding rapidly and adding top talent. And we also continued our venture capital activities as the single limited partner in Acre Venture Partners. However, these efforts are not enough. While we’re moving in the right direction and positioning the Company for long-term success, our Q1 results are clear indication that we have more to do to complete our strategic transition, including more innovation, focused on health and wellbeing, and snacking, gaining a larger share of e-commerce revenue and a greater presence in growth channels, increased expansion in developing markets and continued focus on external development. Speaking of external development, as you know, on September 27th, we delayed the closing of our acquisition of Pacific Foods of Oregon, pending their resolution of some recently filed litigation unrelated to Campbell. While the timing is not yet definite, we have reason to believe that conditions will be met that will allow us to complete the transaction by the end of 2017. With that as context, I’ll review our performance across our divisions. Let’s start with Americas Simple Meals and Beverages where sales and operating earnings, both declined. The decline in the topline was driven primarily by U.S. soup and V8 beverages. U.S. soup sales declined 9%. As I stated earlier, a lower seasonal inventory build versus year ago at a key customer accounted for 7 points of the decline and 2 points were due to reduced consumer takeaway. There is positive performance in the balance of the marketplace, where our soup program has been well received and consumer takeaway is up slightly. We have strong business plans with our key customers; we’re driving trial of our new products, Well Yes!, Chunky Maxx and Swanson soup kits. And we continue to support our brands with competitive levels of advertising and consumer promotion. While we’re experiencing private label competition in our broth business, private label market share in soup is below average for center store food categories and up slightly. We constantly innovate and test our products to ensure they meet or exceed consumer taste preferences. We believe that innovation and brand differentiation are critically important in the soup category, which is why we’re continuing to invest in our brands. The shelf-stable beverage category remained challenged, and sales of V8 products declined. Despite this decline, we’re seeing positive consumption trends on V8 Vegetable Juice and V8 +Energy. We’re pleased with the sales gains of our Simple Meal products, driven by Prego as well as sales growth in Canada in food service. Looking ahead, we expect the operating environment to remain challenging. And therefore, we’re taking additional actions to improve our performance. We started to shift our soup marketing spending from equity building campaigns to a sharper focus on product attributes that differentiate Campbell brands. We’re increasing in-store presence with stronger messaging and we’re aggressively ramping up our ecommerce plans. Now, shifting to our Global Biscuits and Snacks division. Overall, I feel good about our performance in Global Biscuits and Snacks to start the year. This division delivered growth on both the top and bottom lines. Sales gains were primarily driven by the continued solid performance of Pepperidge Farm. This sales growth was fueled by our snacks business with one-two punch from crackers and cookies. Our Goldfish crackers continued to outperform the category in a meaningful way. In fact, Goldfish became the number one snack cracker in the category over the last quarter. The brand’s continued growth was fueled by our increasing ounces into houses approach. This is all about providing wholesome delicious snacks that can be enjoyed in a variety of new packaging formats including single-serve multipacks. The second driver of our sales growth was our cookie business behind the successful launch of the Farmhouse brand, Milano cookies and the rejuvenated Pepperidge Farm chunk cookie line. The Farmhouse launch is one of Pepperidge Farm’s best product introductions in over a decade with strong trial and repeat. Made with simple ingredients, this thin, crispy cookie is the type of snack consumers are seeking and has been incremental to the category. We employed a similar approach with our Pepperidge Farm chunk cookies. We improved our recipes using larger chocolate chunks and cage-free eggs, while also updating and simplifying our packaging. It’s satisfying to see our real food philosophy resonating with consumers in our cookie portfolio. Outside the U.S., Asia-Pacific sales were mixed. Sales declines in Australia were partly offset by gains in Indonesia. We faced increased competitive activity in Australia’s chocolate biscuits but delivered solid results in savory crackers behind the reintroduction of original shapes crackers where we gained share. Now, let’s turn to Campbell Fresh. In Campbell Fresh, sales were comparable to a year ago. We’re encouraged that our CPG products grew for the second consecutive quarter behind Garden Fresh Gourmet and Bolthouse Farms salad dressing. Sales of Bolthouse Farms beverages were comparable to year ago. We are now back to normal beverage capacity. Our new co-packer was fully operational midway through the quarter. And our service levels steadily improved, helping us instill confidence with customers. As a result, we started to return to more normal levels of promotional activity, late in the quarter and expect that trend to continue in the second quarter. Looking ahead, we have strong innovation plans in place with the continued rollout of Bolthouse Farms plant protein milk, new Garden Fresh Gourmet’s fresh soup and salsa products in the first half and a range of Bolthouse Farms dressing and beverages in the back half. Turning to farms. Sales of carrots declined in the quarter. Our carrot crops were negatively impacted by adverse weather. Due to these low yields, we placed customers on allocation in the quarter. Learning our lesson from a similar experience in 2016, the new Campbell Fresh team did not compromise the quality of carrots we delivered to customers. As stated earlier, we expect that we’ll be off allocation by December. We continue to expect Campbell Fresh to return to profitable growth this fiscal year. While I’m not satisfied with our results this quarter, I’m also not deterred. Despite challenges within U.S. soup, V8 and carrots, other parts of the business are growing. The Global Biscuits and Snacks division remained a bright spot, especially Pepperidge Farm. Simple Meals, Canada and food service performed well and the Campbell Fresh turnaround is progressing. We’re taking the appropriate steps to address our immediate issues and remain focused on the actions that will position Campbell for long-term growth. We will continue to invest to differentiate our brands, enhance our real food credentials, drive innovation, particularly in health and wellbeing and snacking, build our e-commerce organization, and pursue smart external development. Thank you. And now, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter and revise 2018 guidance. Our first quarter results were below our expectations, largely for three reasons. First, while we anticipated that U.S. soup sales would be negatively impacted by reduced support levels with a key customer, the sales decline in the quarter was more than anticipated, primarily due to a lower seasonal inventory build with this same customer, which accounted for 7 points of the soup sales decline. Given the seasonality of our soup business, quarterly fluctuations in retailer inventory levels are mostly timing related. Second, as a result of unfavorable weather, we experienced lower crop yields on carrots, which had a negative impact on our gross margin performance. And third, also impacting our gross margin, we experienced higher transportation and logistics costs, reflecting the impact of industry-wide carrier capacity issues. On a positive note, we continued to make progress against our cost savings target of $450 million by the end of fiscal 2020, delivering another $20 million of savings in the quarter. This brings the program-to-date total to $345 million. And as Denise highlighted, we will continue to reinvest a portion of the savings back into the business to drive growth over the long term. As you’ve seen in the release, we are revising our full year guidance. While we are not changing our range for sales, we are lowering the ranges for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS by 3 percentage points, which equates to about $45 million in EBIT. This change primarily reflects the impact of carrier shortages on our transportation and logistics costs and the unanticipated impact of the weather-related carrot yield issue. Now, I’ll review our results in more detail. For the first quarter, as reported and organic sales declined by 2%. The decline in organic sales was driven by lower sales in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, partly offset by growth in Global Biscuits and Snacks. Adjusted EBIT decreased 14% to $417 million, reflecting a lower adjusted gross margin, lower sales, and higher administrative expenses, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Reflecting a reduction in the tax rate and a lower share count, adjusted EPS decreased 8% or $0.08 to $0.92 per share. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales declined 2%, all driven by lower volume. Volume declined in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, reflecting declines in U.S. soup and V8 beverages, partly offset by gains in Prego pasta sauces. Volumes also declined in Campbell Fresh, which was entirely attributable to the decline of carrot, a direct result of placing customers on allocation, as Denise mentioned earlier. This was partly offset by volume gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks, reflecting continued momentum on Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookie. Overall, promotional spending rates were comparable to the prior year. And although it rounds to zero on the chart, we did have a slightly positive impact from currency translation, principally the Canadian and Australian dollar, bringing the change in our as reported sales to minus 2%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 210 basis points in the quarter. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 250 basis points. Almost two-thirds of this was cost inflation, which on a rate basis increased about 2.5%, reflecting higher prices on meat, steel cans, aluminum and dairy. The remaining third was driven by several factors. As I mentioned, we had higher carrot costs and higher transportation and logistics costs. In addition, we incurred losses on open commodity hedges as compared to gains in the prior year quarter, and we had higher costs associated with investments in our real food initiative. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiative. Mix had a negative impact of 80 basis points, primarily due to the impact of lower U.S. soup sales. Pricing and promotional spending had little to know impact on the quarter. Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost savings program, contributed 130 basis points of margin improvement. All-in, our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 210 basis points to 36.5%. Marketing and selling expenses declined 5% in the quarter, reflecting lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, and benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 17%, primarily due to higher information technology costs, expenses related to the pending acquisition of Pacific Foods, inflation and investments in long-term innovation. Looking ahead, we do not expect this rate of increase in administrative expenses for the balance of the year. For additional perspective on our performance. This chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.08 from $1 in the prior year quarter to $0.92 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, the decline in adjusted EBIT had a negative $0.16 impact on EPS, two-thirds of which was driven by our gross margin performance. Net interest expense was up $2 million, reflecting higher rates and had no impact on EPS. Currency translation from both a stronger Canadian and Australian dollar added a penny EPS benefit. Using access cash flow to repurchase shares reduced our share count, adding a $0.03 EPS benefit. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter declined by about 4 percentage points to 28.2%. The lower adjusted tax rate in the current quarter was driven by favorable settlement of certain U.S. state tax matters. The lower tax rate increased adjusted EPS by $0.05, completing the bridge to $0.92 per share. Now, turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 5%, driven primarily by declines in U.S. soup and V8 beverages, partly offset by gains in Simple Meals driven by Prego pasta sauces and excluding the favorable impact of current translation, gains in our retail business in Canada and our North America food service business. Sales of U.S. soup decreased 9%, driven primarily by declines in condensed and broth. The lower sales reflect a 7-point decrease due to a lower seasonal build of retailer inventory. Consumer takeaway measured channels declined by 2% in the quarter. Both the inventory-driven decline and reduction in consumer takeaways reflect our performance with a key customer we’ve referenced. Operating earnings decrease 14% in the quarter to $328 million. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales volume and a lower gross margin percentage, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Segment gross margin performance was impacted by higher transportation and logistics costs and negative mix. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending October 29, 2017, the category as a whole increased 10 basis points. Our sales in measured channels declined 40 basis points. We had a 58.5% market share for the 52-week period with a share loss of 30 basis points. Private label grew share by 130 basis points, primarily reflecting gains in broth, finishing at 14.3%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 27.2%, declining 100 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales increased 2%, driven by continued gains in Goldfish crackers, which benefitted from promotional activity and new items and gains in Pepperidge Farm cookies, benefitting from the launch of farmhouse cookies as well as growth of Milano and chunk cookies. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, biscuit sales in the Asia Pacific region were down slightly as lower sales in Arnott’s Australia were partly offset by growth in Indonesia. Operating earnings increased 4% to $120 million, primarily driven by higher sales volumes. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales were comparable to the prior year at $234 million as sales gains of carrot ingredient, Garden Fresh Gourmet and Bolthouse Farms salad dressings were offset by declines in carrots. Sales of Bolthouse Farm beverages were comparable to the prior year. With our new beverage co-packer now up and running, we expect to have sufficient product supply to support our promotional program going forward. As a result of the crop yield issue, carrot sales were on allocation for part of the quarter, resulting in the sales decline. The segment generated a $6 million operating loss for the quarter as compared to $1 million of earnings a year ago. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the cost impact of lower carrot yield. Cash from operations was $188 million compared to $221 million in 2017. The decline reflects higher payments on hedging activities and higher seasonal working capital requirements, partly offset by higher cash earnings. For the full year, we expect to generate strong cash flow from operations of approximately $1.2 billion. Capital expenditures were $58 million, $10 million higher than the prior year. We paid dividends, totaling $111 million compared to $100 million in 2017. The increase reflects our 12% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.35 per share, as announced in September of fiscal 2017. In aggregate, we repurchased $86 million of shares in the quarter, $75 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balances of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt of $3.3 billion was comparable to last year. Now, I’ll review our revised 2018 outlook. As I said earlier, we continue to expect sales to change by minus 2% to 0%. Consistent with our previous guidance, we expect sales declines in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, driven primarily by U.S .soup will be partly offset by growth in Global Biscuits and Snacks and in Campbell Fresh. We now expect our adjusted gross margin percentage to be comparable to last year, lower than previously anticipated, primarily due to higher transportation and logistics costs and the cost impact of lower carrot yields. Reflecting the reduced expectation on gross margin, we now expect adjusted EBIT to decline by minus 4% to minus 2%, and adjusted EPS to decline by minus 3% to minus 1%. Both earnings ranges are 3 percentage points below our previous expectation. We continue to expect our cost savings program which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity gains to deliver $60 million to $70 million of savings, most of which will impact costs. This guidance assumes that the impact of currency translation will be nominal and that the adjusted tax rate is expected to be approximately 32%. Given the seasonality of our business and the timing of these unforeseen cost issues, we expect to see significantly weaker performance in the second quarter followed by improvement in the second half. That concludes my remarks. And now, I’ll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Candice?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you very much. One of the questions I get on Campbell, Denise, is, what is the Board’s thought on the carrot business at this point? Because obviously, the carrot business, I think has underperformed expectations, it’s fair to say. And at this point, it’s volatile and unpredictable. And from an investor perspective, that leads to uncertainty which leads to lower multiples. So, I’m just curious how committed the Board is to sort of keeping the carrot business itself as opposed to the rest of Bolthouse, which obviously still has some upside from a packaged food perspective?
Denise Morrison: There is no question, Ken, that we have experienced volatility in the carrot business due primarily to weather issues in California dealing with extremes in rain and heat, which has affected the crop. While we can’t control the weather, we can control what we do about it. And I believe that we did the right thing this time around by putting customers on allocation, not harvesting early, and keeping the quality of our carrot. Understand that the role of carrots in this business is it’s the scale of distribution for the CPG products. And one of the reasons why we acquired the business was to grow the CPG portion and recognize that the carrots are the chassis for distribution at best pricing. So, we’ll continue to take this into consideration going forward. We’d like to get to the point of stability in carrots and growth in CPG, and that’s our strategy.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. My follow-up is, Denise, you talked about getting a little bit optimistic or maybe you are optimistic about conversations with the key customer that the promotion has maybe been lost early with. Can you give us a little more color where that optimism comes from and when the earliest it might be that you might get that promotion back in some form?
Denise Morrison: Well, I can’t talk about any specifics. I can say that the dialogue remains open and it’s very positive.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Grainger: I wanted to ask another follow-up on the soup issue. Most of your competitors have characterized this specific circumstance in soup with this one retailer as a very isolated case. And I think what we’re hearing from others is that there is just a need for greater levels of innovation, and that’s going to be sufficient to protect relationships with key retailers, provide value for all stakeholders and avoid having others run into similar situation. So, I guess, do you agree with that characterization of soup being an isolated pressure point in the industry? And if that’s true, what could you have done differently or do you need to do differently to avoid this, going forward? To the extent that this perhaps is an issue that’s disproportionally affecting the condensed business, is there a need to try and bring some type of innovation to that area or the business that’s been a little bit more static from a product standpoint in recent years?
Denise Morrison: I’ll answer that question from a couple of perspectives. First of all, in the rest of the market, soup program has been very strong. New products have been well-received, new Well Yes! is at 83% ACV distributions, we're supporting the brands, new Chunky Maxx has hit the market now with 40% more protein, and protein is really on trend. So, we’re pretty pleased with the performance in the rest of the market with consumption up slightly. So that -- and we believe we’ll continue to see that momentum into the second quarter. The other fact is that our other businesses in this key retailer are incredibly robust. So, I would say that I do agree that the soup situation is isolated.
Matthew Grainger: And I know it’s going to be difficult to comment on this and you might just defer. But, given -- obviously, you ran the numbers and didn’t want to meet their demands on this particular category or in the soup category. And you’re seeing solid consumption or modest growth in other customers in the category. Given that dynamic, I mean, do you have a sense of how they view the return profile of their approach to the soup category this year, given that they’re losing a fair amount of share in a relatively high margin category and what the implications of that might be for the likelihood of seeing similar situations going forward?
Denise Morrison: You’re right. I’ll defer.
Matthew Grainger: All right. I had to try. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Just one last one on that particular issue. When you talk about the dialogue being positive and open, would this be something that potentially could impact positively this fiscal year or are we at a point where plans are in place such that -- and you’ve done things that obviously other retailers seem to be effective. Is it really more of an FY19 scenario, or is there some way to salvage some of this year? And then, Anthony, I think at the last call, you mentioned that this promotional issue would probably be about a 1% top-line drag for the full year for the Company as a whole. Is that still around where you think we are or has the first quarter led that to be somewhat different then? Thank you.
Denise Morrison: I’ll take the first part, Andrew. We said this in September, but we expect that the first half on soup will be weaker than a year ago, and we expect some more momentum in the second half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: On your other question, yes, we did say that the soup performance would have about a point impact on total Company. I would say it still rounds to 1 but probably a little bit higher.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then, the last thing would just be, I think you mentioned, obviously a big part of what we saw in the fiscal first quarter was the lower year-over-year inventory builds. In fiscal 2Q, was there also an inventory build seasonally last year that we wouldn’t get this year or would soup shipments look a little bit like consumption this time around as we go into the 2Q?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. The seasonal build goes through the second quarter, I mean, it’s kind of hard to say. Obviously, we didn’t build as much in Q1. But, given where we sit today and given our outlook for consumption, it’s hard to say what’s going to happen relative to inventory moves going forward. But, I would expect them to be significantly more muted than the Q1 impact.
Andrew Lazar: Got it, okay. Thanks everybody, have a nice holiday.
Denise Morrison: Okay. Thank you. You too.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I wanted to make sure that I understood that comment too, Anthony. So, you are saying that -- is there still deloading that you expect in second quarter; in other words that your shipments will trail soup consumption in second quarter as well? And also, is that just at this one retailer or is that across multiple retailers that you’re seeing the deloading?
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, I’d be careful with the term deloading. Yes, the impact is all one customer. And basically, you have a curve that builds kind of steeply in Q1 and less steeply in Q2, and certainly, the seasonal build through Q1 was significantly below last year. And that curve starts to kind of come down a little bit or increase at a slower rate in the second quarter. And it’s really difficult to predict shipments vis-à-vis consumption, but I would expect to have a much more tighter delta between shipments and consumption in the second quarter than the first.
Robert Moskow: Okay, I think I get it. And in one of your slides, you show that private label soup has expanded market share by over a 100 basis points. Has this retailer really pushed private label as a substitute for your brand in the category or is that private label gain happening across multiple retailers?
Denise Morrison: I don’t think private label is a new phenomenon. Private label is pretty prevalent. And what we have seen is more of a push on private label in the broth business in the market at large. Actually, our -- the share that private label has of condensed soup and RTS soup is significantly below the average in center store categories and only up slightly. But broth has definitely been impacted.
Robert Moskow: And how would you expect that to impact the Pacific Foods business? I think Pacific is largely broth, isn’t it?
Denise Morrison: The Pacific Foods brand is highly differentiated, being organic and natural. So, we believe that will be a good add to our line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: I just wanted to follow up on gross margin. I just wanted to make sure I heard this right. Are you expecting that gross margin will be under worse pressure or more pressure in 2Q versus 1Q and then sort of get better in the second half? And I guess just a follow-up on that is are you doing -- what are the remedial actions to improve gross margins? Are you raising prices or pulling through more productivity? Just trying to understand sort of what will get the gross margins to improve as we go through the year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think the first part of that question is understanding what happened in the first quarter. I mean, we were down couple of hundred basis points, primarily due to three things, two of which we’re going to stay on the year and one of which is going to turn. The higher transportation and logistics costs certainly had a negative impact on Q1 that’s going to impact the year. The second is the carrot. A cost issue related to yield that impacted the first quarter and will also stick on the year. The third, and this one is primarily timing, we took down 9% in the first quarter. There is a pretty significant negative mix impact from that and most of that should turn. So, as we look at the full year now, we would say, we expect gross margin to be about flat. And I think the way to decompose that is to think about our productivity savings. So, we’re targeting 3% of costs. And that will just about offset cost inflation as well as some of the investments we’re making in real food. Denise mentioned what they were. And then, the other two components, we had previously expected and still expect to deliver cost savings of $60 million to $70 million, most of which will impact costs and to a largest extent, that’s largely offset now by these unanticipated cost issues, both transportation and logistics, as well as the carrot yield. Now, in terms of phasing, given the seasonality of the soup business, certainly the consumption expectation will have a more significant impact on Q2. The timing of those two cost issues, transportation and logistics and carrots, more impactful on Q2, and then, we would expect to see improvement in the back half.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So, -- but 2Q isn’t [ph] more pressure than 1Q. I guess, in 1Q, you also had a pretty difficult gross margin for carrot compared to last year...
Anthony DiSilvestro: No. But relative to second half, yes, but not relative to 2Q.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Strycula of UBS. Your line is now open.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning. Just a follow-up on Bryan’s question. Does this imply that gross margin in the back half of the year going to be up about 150 basis points or greater? Just want to make sure I am thinking about that correctly. And I’ve got a follow-up.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, we would expect to be up in the second half, for sure.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then, Denise, can you comment a little bit about the overall category right now? Are you seeing any shrinkage in total points of distribution at retail across the U.S. channel place right now or are you just seeing a little bit of rotation between the little bit of private label and branded mix here and there? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: Just for clarification, because we’re in the snacks category and many fresh categories, are you referring to the soup category?
Steve Strycula: Yes, specifically. But while, you’re at it, if you want to comment on snacking, given what we’re seeing with Kellogg’s DSD transition that would be helpful too. Thanks.
Denise Morrison: Okay. Let me star there. In our Pepperidge Farm business, we’ve seen a lot of robust consumption, particularly on Goldfish and cookies as I stated before. We continue to increase our shelf space merchandising. So, they are really doing a great job. In Campbell Fresh, again, the CPG part of the business has returned to growth, up a couple of points for the second consecutive quarter. And we didn’t start promoting beverages until October. So, we will now return to a normal promotion schedule in quarter two and we have a huge innovation suite coming to market in quarter three. So, we believe that the CPG part of Campbell Fresh will have momentum. In the soup category and the rest of the market, we continue to see robust plans. We do audit shelf every year, but we have not gotten results of that. We’ll let you know when we do. And so, we’re just running our play.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: Just a question for you to follow-up on an early question in relation to the change in promotional program at this key customer. If you were to effect some sort of plan now or soon, given the seasonality of this business, could it be in place by the end of the soup season? Could you guys be promoting relatively quickly if something got worked out there?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I’m not going to comment on the specifics of customer programs.
Chris Growe: Okay. Even the timing of what you could if effect the promotion?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean, all I’m willing to say is that we are in open discussion and positive about it.
Chris Growe: And then, if I could just ask a quick question on the margin recovery in the C-Fresh division. You are back to promoting more heavily. I think you mentioned that Anthony, and you do have some easy comps. And I know carrot costs will be an ongoing issue. But, it seems like that should get back to generating operating profit. Does that happen as quickly as Q2 or is there an upfront investment that may kind of slow that rebuild in profitability of division?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Couple of things, I would say, if we didn’t have this yield issue in Q1, Campbell Fresh division would generated a profit. So, yes, it can turn around pretty quickly. We’ll have a little bit of lingering impact of the carrot yield issue into the second quarter. Denise mentioned, we’re on allocation; that should be behind us by December. So, we would expect to see profitability pretty quick in Campbell Fresh. And as we’ve said before on a full year basis, we would expect to deliver both top and bottom-line growth.
Denise Morrison: Chris, in addition, we have a very robust supply chain productivity program. Since we’ve integrated the supply chain into Campbell’s and put them on our productivity program, we have a very good line of sight to some significant cost savings, which will enhance the profitability of the business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Good morning. Just a follow-up question, just broadly on soup. And what -- is there any auditing that you’ve done about how you’ve gotten here with the retailer issues in soup, and particularly with regard to price gap to private label and the push behind private label? One theory is that the price gaps have widened over recent years. And I think a natural concern was that these issues wouldn’t just be local to one retailer in the future that we would see broader private label pushes by other retailers. So, any comments on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: We do very robust analytics on our price gaps and thresholds of the brands versus private label. So, we have a good indication of what that looks like, both from the regular retail pricing and also the merchandising pricing with the frequency that we merchandise. So, that’s under constant watch. And that’s not different. We’ve been doing that forever. So, I would just say that in the broth business, what we have done to address private label, and that’s where we have experienced the competition, is, we’ve changed our advertising messaging more to house once and is differentiated versus private label, starting with the fact that the first ingredient in Swanson is chicken stack whereas the first ingredient in most private labels is water. And so, we’re calling attention to some of the attributes that distinguish the Swanson brand from private label. And then, of course, the pending acquisition of Pacific, as I mentioned, we’re pretty enthusiastic about what differentiation that brand brings to the line. In RTS and condensed, private label is a factor but it’s really under average, and we haven’t seen an increase. I mean, it’s been up slightly. But, we continue to watch it and we’ll make sure we continue to be competitive.
David Palmer: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: So apologies for some more soup questions that keep coming. Soup inventory, Anthony, could you just talk about why this doesn’t impact guidance? I think you called out the carrot issue and the supply chain, the freight issue as the big changes to the guidance. But, I’m not a 100% clear why the soup inventory issues in Q1 don’t also impact the guidance? And the simple question would be, if the big retailer is not ordering product, why doesn’t this have some kind of impact on upcoming sales?
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, it’s probably the end of that question. I think it’s likely that lower inventory would build -- will have -- is an indicator of near-term consumption. So, I think we would expect to see some consumption decline. And then, the other question, yes, both the carrot issue and the freight issues are both unanticipated in impacting the year. But, I think the way to think about retailer inventory, they start our fiscal year at relatively low level; they go through a significant increase in Q1 and Q2 and then come back down in the back half. So, it really is volatility amongst the quarters as opposed to an impact for us on our fiscal year, given our fiscal year is about when those inventories are at their lowest point. So that one is more about timing, which is why we didn’t talk about it in terms of our full year guidance.
David Driscoll: And then, related to that, soup takeaway is down 2% and this isn’t -- and soup is not really a factor in the guidance change. Is it you fair to say that your full-year expectation for the soup season is down about 2%?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I don’t want to give you a specific number, but probably a little south of that.
David Driscoll: Lastly for me is just on freight. Can you just talk about how this plays out over time? I am a little confused about the factors here. We’ve got a Hurricane truck availability issue that should improve. That feels like it’s going to be good as time progresses. I believe there are some new rules coming that are negative. So, this freight issue, is the cost -- is this going to get better or is it going to get worse as times progresses?
Anthony DiSilvestro: This one is hard to say. I mean, obviously, we’ve experienced the impact of the Hurricanes and the shortages. And it just pushed us out into the spot market. And when that happens, it certainly drives up cost. We’ve had to do some more inner plant and some -- experienced some more warehousing costs as we’ve tried to rebalance kind of the network to get around some of that. It is our expectation for this impact to moderate as we go through the rest of our fiscal year. But, it’s taken a while. And as we sit here today, if you look at any kind of capacity report, it’s still well above where it’s been over the last six or seven years. So, I can’t tell you exactly when that’s going to moderate, but we’re assuming that’s going to take a little while.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: Thank you guys for taking the question. I am going to cramp two questions in, if I may. First, in terms of topline drivers, can you help us understand why you are not seeing any sort of promo price mix benefit as you suffer so much volume loss related to subsidized promoted sales?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I can take that one. What’s happening, and the reason you don’t see a promotional lift in terms of sales is there is a couple of offsets. One is, if you look at the dollar spend for promo on soup, for example, it is down double digit in the first quarter. But what’s happening is, we’re thinning back a little bit on broth; we’re spending back a little bit on both the Prego business and on V8. And the other reason you don’t see as much as with soup volumes being down as part of mostly related to that inventory issue, we calculate trade rates on a rate basis. So, the volume decline is muting the promotional rate a little bit. But, I think the better indicator is on a dollar basis, our trade is down significantly on soup.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, the second question, I think it comes back to a lot of the questions you’ve gotten today. But also to tether back to the believability of your ability to get the acceleration you are talking about on the back half. Denise, I think you kind of vaguely implied that that maybe soup could -- you are expecting to grow in the back half. And Steve asked a question about gross margin. I mean, minimum, it sounds like your guidance applies a 150 basis points of expansion, minimum in the back half of the year. Can you give us a little more teeth or a little more meat on the bone in terms of the drivers of those dynamics to help restore some creditability in that path of acceleration?
Denise Morrison: Yes. We said in September and continue to believe that we will have a weaker first half than second half in soup, based on what we know at this point. And in terms of the gross margin, Anthony, do you want to handle that one?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I’d say, typically, our cost productivity program is more kind of, I would say, backend weighted as opposed to frontend, given the seasonality of the business and our ability to getting into some of the plans, when there is some downtime. So, that’s certainly more back half than front half. The other thing is, this mix issue of soup in the first quarter in effect should turn as we go through the balance of the year. So, that’s a positive. And the third, as I said before, on our cost savings program, which is in addition to the productivity program, a lot of that should be coming in the back half as well. So, we do expect to see improved gross margin performance in the back half.
Denise Morrison: Yes. In the back half, we have a greater mix in our Global Biscuits and Snacks business in Campbell Fresh.
Operator: And our final question comes from line of Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: I just want to understand this, Anthony, something you just said is, if I’m hearing right, it sounds like you’re expecting the 7 points of lost inventory build to come back over the course of the year. And if that’s correct, can you explain why you think that’s the case?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I’ll go back to something I said a little earlier. And you need to understand the seasonality of the soup business and what happens to retailer inventory levels. I think the easiest way to explain it is that our fiscal year is essentially the lowest point of retailer inventory. And then, they build -- and we’re talking about significant build in the first and second quarters. So, where you strike that line on that inventory build between Q1 and Q2, just introduces volatility amongst the quarters. By the time we get to the end of the fiscal year, those inventory levels would -- will come out. So, any kind of lower seasonal build here means less of a seasonal decline on the back half. So, it kind of nets itself out a little bit.
Denise Morrison: Okay. The main thing to focus on is the consumption; in the quarter, soup consumption was down 2.3%.
Michael Lavery: Can you help me understand a little bit of the dynamics with this promotional change? Because that’s how you’ve typically characterized it. But, it also sounds like if it’s simply were a question of spending more money and adding promotional dollars and that would benefit you, then, you would have probably simply just done it. So, how many pieces of the puzzle are there, beyond that? Because it sounds like there is potentially or maybe even probably some shelf space changes. Is that a fair assumption? And if so, then, wouldn’t that perhaps have a lasting impact on the inventory level through the course of the year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would say, we really haven’t seen any shelf space changes. When we deal with our customers, we agree around a promotional program that includes new items; it includes merchandising amongst other things, and promotional programming. And so, it isn’t just a dollars and cents kind of thing. I think the thing that impacts the inventory build is what is the merchandising program on a go forward basis? And that’s why I said earlier that this lower retailer inventory build could be indication of what’s going to happen to consumption, in say for example, the second quarter.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks. And just one last unrelated one. You touched on significant growth on your e-commerce business. Can you just give a sense across your portfolio of what types of products lend itself to good performance online? I would assume it probably varies a bit. Are there some that tend to do much better than others and what would those be?
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have a couple of things going on there. And our e-commerce business is still small and for the industry, it’s small. But, we’re focused on building capabilities in terms of really understanding the consumers’ path to purchase in that space. We are working predominantly with pure play e-tailers and also omni, and we’re working with Chef’d on meal kits in that space. So, we’re trying some different things. We’re working literally across all of our brands and bundling brands based on what the customer wants to do in that space. So, I think we’re trying a lot of things. One of the things that’s very encouraging though is we’ve brought in some top talent. And we believe that as more consumers shift to e-commerce, whether it’s order online pick up at store or order online and deliver to home, will be well-poised to participate and lead in that space.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Ken Gosnell for any closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. We thank everyone for joining our first quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call by going online or calling 14045373406. The access code is 6692642. You have until December the 5th at midnight at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the website investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News and Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have any further questions, please call me at 8563426081. If you a reporter with questions, please call Thomas Hushen, Associate Director of Communications, at 8563425227. Thanks everyone. Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-08-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - Vice President, Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citigroup Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President Finance Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup’s fiscal 2017. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Lastly, please mark your calendars to our planned fiscal 2018 earnings dates. We plan to release earnings on November 21, 2017, February 16, 2018, May 18, 2018, and August 30, 2018. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter call. Today, I’ll focus my remarks on the marketplace, our performance, our plans and our outlook for fiscal 2018. As we’ve discussed previously, the operating environment remains challenging across the food industry. While macro economic conditions in the U.S. continue to improve in the quarter, the seismic shifts we’ve described in the past continue to alter the consumer food and retail landscapes. These disruptions include shifting demographics, changing consumer preferences for food with a focus on fresh and health and well-being and increase snacking behavior, a range of socioeconomic forces and technology advancements that are reshaping the consumer shopping experience. Additionally, there is no denying that the retailer landscape is changing dramatically with the emergence of new players, new store formats, and evolving business models. Several variables are at play, including value players expanding their presence in the U.S., the growth of store brands and the explosion of e-commerce and meal delivery services disrupting the market. We expect conditions to remain hypercompetitive for the foreseeable future. In this environment what is Campbell doing to compete differently? First, we’re prioritizing investments, aligning our resources to future growth areas and creating opportunities from the disruptions in the market. To our growth agenda, we’re focusing on four strategic imperatives to strengthen our core business and at the same time expand in the faster growing spaces. Second, we’ve redesigned our retailer selling and support capabilities in June of fiscal 2017. Our new integrated structure aligns our sales and marketing resources to drive growth with existing customers and to pursue business in new channels. We’re rethinking our approach to collaborating with key customers around platform merchandising, such as health and well-being and snacking. We’re enhancing our data-driven shopper insights. And through our strategic foresights work, we’re better positioned to drive innovation and customization across both the perimeter and in the center store. Most customers have welcomed this new level of engagement and collaboration. Third, we’ve established a distinct digital e-commerce business unit to address both pure play and omni-channel opportunities. Finally, we believe that investing to differentiate our brands is the best way to appeal to consumers and build loyalty in a crowded market. Make no mistakes, these shifts are accelerating and converging and they’re having a dramatic impact on Campbell and across the industry. In this environment, sales growth remains challenging. With this as a backdrop, our performance in the quarter was mixed. Organic sales declined 1%, while adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, both increased double-digits. Despite multiple headwinds, we finished fiscal 2017 within our guidance and delivered another year of growth in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. For the fourth quarter, our Global Biscuits and Snacks performance was slightly below what I would have liked in terms of the top line, but the team delivered a double-digit earnings increase versus the year-ago quarter. Americas Simple Meals and Beverages continued to deliver against its portfolio role, with sales performance in line with the categories in which we compete and margin expansion. I’m not happy with our performance in Campbell Fresh, but remain encouraged by the progress we’ve made this year to address our key executional issues. C-Fresh delivered modest sales growth and we expect this business to return to profitable growth in fiscal 2018. Let me now offer my perspective on each division’s performance and highlight our plans for fiscal 2018, starting with Global Biscuits and Snacks. Overall, I’m satisfied with the performance of the division in the quarter. Organic sales were comparable to a year ago, with expected gains in Pepperidge Farm, but below my expectations in Arnott’s due to our performance in Indonesia. Importantly, the business delivered a double-digit increase in operating earnings. I’m particularly pleased with the performance of Pepperidge Farm snacks, especially the Goldfish brand, which once again delivered strong sales results. In the quarter, growth was fueled by larger pack sizes. Over an extended period of time, this team has delivered a steady cadence of innovation and effective marketing programs, while also expanding the brand’s health and well-being credentials with organic and whole grain offerings. I’m also enthusiastic about the launch of our new Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse Cookie line, a thin crispy cookie made with simple ingredients. Farmhouse is on track to be the biggest Pepperidge Farm snack launch in more than a decade. In Australia, the team delivered growth in biscuits behind the return to the original version of Arnott’s Shapes crackers. Additionally, our new Tim Tam gelato-inspired varieties performed well. Segment operating earnings increased 35%, as a result of our strong enabler program, a return to more normal marketing levels and reduced administrative costs. Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect to grow sales in Global Biscuits and Snacks. In Pepperidge Farm, we intend to dial up our real food and health and well-being efforts by emphasizing our goodness credentials. New snacking consumer insights will also shape how we connect with our consumers develop new packaging formats and adapt to new retail environments. In particular, we have plans to extend Goldfish to older kids, a new demographic for the brand. We’ll continue to execute the successful marketing strategy that has led to both sales and share gains this year by investing behind our proven Milano Moments’ campaign. We also plan to build on the successful launch of Farmhouse Cookies and drive increased trial of Tim Tam biscuits in the U.S. from both traditional retailers and e-commerce channels. In Australia, we have plans to strengthen our core with new varieties of Shapes crackers, expand our health and well-being offerings with new Arnott’s Vita-Wheat cracker chips and Cruskits products, drive on-the-go snacking with a variety of new multi-pack single serve products, and we recently launched an integrated Arnott’s master brand advertising campaign to support the business. Turning now to Campbell Fresh. I’m not satisfied with the performance this quarter, but I’m optimistic that our key executional issues are now largely behind us. In the fourth quarter, Campbell Fresh returned to growth with a modest 1% increase in sales, driven by Garden Fresh Gourmet in our farms business. However, sales in the beverage business declined slightly as we continue to deal with capacity constraints, largely due to newly enhanced quality processes we put in place, both in our plant and with our new co-packer. As we previously said, we began increasing promotional activity towards the end of the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect to ramp up to normal promotional levels during the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Let me be clear, I’m disappointed with the operating loss in Campbell Fresh this quarter, which reflects a number of costs that are one-time in nature, including higher carrot costs, as well as increased expenses to further refine our new quality protocols. We have plans underway to increase efficiencies as part of our overall effort to eliminate supply constraints and improve margins, while delivering our new higher-quality standards. As I said before, we’ve learned some tough lessons in C-Fresh. Despite the executional challenges, we remain confident in the growth potential of the Packaged Fresh category, and believe our C-Fresh strategy is sound. Throughout fiscal 2017, we took steps to build a stronger foundation for growth under our new C-Fresh leadership team. Looking ahead, we plan for the business to grow profitably in fiscal 2018, as we return to more normal capacity and promotional activity across the beverage portfolio. We also have a robust innovation pipeline to help fuel additional growth and we’ll begin to introduce new beverage products to the market, such as plant protein milk. We also plan to expand distribution of Garden Fresh Gourmet sauces and fresh soup. Finally, our largest division, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Similar to other center store categories, sales declined. Organic sales decreased 3% in the quarter, driven by soup and V8 beverages. Operating earnings increased 4%. Let me start with our shelf stable beverage business. Sales declined in the quarter. As we’ve discussed previously, the entire shelf stable beverage category has been hurt by ongoing consumer concerns about sugar and calories, and by consumer shopping the store perimeter for fresh juices and other functional beverages. These trends continue to negatively impact our V8 portfolio, in particular, V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash. However, V8 100% Vegetable Juice and V8 +Energy continue to meet the demands of consumers seeking beverages that deliver health and well-being benefit. In the quarter, consumption of V8 Vegetable Juice increase behind our ongoing media investment, focused on our core baby boomer consumers and we expanded distribution of V8 +Energy. Looking ahead, as discussed at our Investor Day, we have a clear strategy to improve performance of the V8 brand with continued focus on V8 Vegetable Juice, the revitalization of V8 Blends with new benefits focused messaging on the front of the label and steady growth V8 +Energy. While our performance will improve, we do not expect this business to return to growth in fiscal 2018. Now let’s turn to soup. As you know, this was a relatively small quarter for U.S. soup. While consumer takeaway was consistent with a year ago, soup sales declined 4%, all of which was related to lower retailer inventory levels. For the year, U.S. soup sales declined 1%, while sales of condensed soup and broth declined, I’m pleased with the growth of our ready-to-serve portfolio, including Chunky, Slow Kettle and the meaningful contribution from the successful mid-year launch of our new Well Yes! line. We’ve modified our outlook for 2018 in U.S. soup, since we spoke in July for sales, as we now expect additional headwinds, let me explain. As I mentioned at the outset of my remarks, the retailer landscape is changing dramatically amidst intense competitive activity. Each year, we enter a set of complex negotiations with our key retail partners. Our goal is to drive growth, both for our customers and for Campbell. Unfortunately, this year we’ve been unable to reach an agreement with a large customer on a promotional program for soup. We expect this will negatively impact our U.S. soup sales with this customer, particularly in the first-half Accordingly, we now expect our soup sales to decline in fiscal 2018. We are taking a number of steps to mitigate the profit risk, and of course, we’re continuing discussions with this customer to create a win-win solution.
.: We have robust holiday plans across the portfolio. We’re launching the New Chunky Maxx line with 40% more protein, and we have strong integrated marketing, including a New Chunky campaign that fully leverages our NFL sponsorship. We’ll continue to work closely with all of our customers to maximize the sales opportunity during the upcoming soup season. And now a quick update on the pending acquisition of Pacific Foods. You may have seen recent media reports regarding a lawsuit involving the estate of one of the co-founders in Pacific. Campbell is not named in the suit and we’re not going to comment on the litigation. We remain enthusiastic about Pacific. It will add another purpose-driven brand, with a track record of growth to our portfolio. We’re working to resolve outstanding issues, so that we may complete this transaction in the coming months. A highlight for fiscal 2017 was our successful multi-year cost savings initiative. As announced this year, we increased our target by $150 million and now expect to deliver $450 million in savings by the end of fiscal 2020. We remain committed to managing costs aggressively and reinvesting a portion of the savings back into the business in fiscal 2018 to position the company for long-term growth. As we outlined in July, we’re focusing our investments on our four strategic imperatives, as we believe, these areas will be future growth drivers of our business. First, as I mentioned earlier, we created a new e-commerce business unit to scale our capabilities across North America, including content creation, data analytics and forging new partnerships. Expanding our e-commerce organization is critical to capture more than our fair share of the rapidly growing market for online grocery, which we expect to reach $66 billion annually by 2021. We’re in a good position to do so with experienced digital and e-commerce leadership in place and a solid strategy to develop new capabilities. Second, we’re targeting increased investment in snacking, as consumers continue to seek new and better-for-you snacking options. The snacking market is worth approximately $125 billion in the U.S. alone and growing around 3%. We plan to invest in people and resources to expand our business beyond cookies and baked snacks to other snacking and mini meal categories. Third, we’ll continue to invest in our real food credentials in our core business; including adding more vegetables and whole grains; converting all our soups to chicken with no antibiotics, while continuing to eliminate artificial colors and flavors from our products and completing the removal of BPA from the lining of our cans in the U.S. and Canada. Finally, in the health and well-being space, we plan to invest across the company, focusing on food with attributes such as natural, organic, functional and fresh. Additionally, for the longer-term, we’ll continue to fund Habit, our personalized nutrition start-up. We’re applying the learnings from our successful beta test in San Francisco, as we expand the service nationally. We continue to expect multiple business models to emerge that ultimately will create value. These four strategic imperatives represent significant growth potential for Campbell, as we continue to differentiate our company and our brands over time. The rapidly evolving marketplace requires new approaches and smart investment to engage with new and existing customers to make our brands more relevant to new generations of consumers, while satisfying our loyal core consumers and to explore new models of innovation. This longer-term view sometimes comes at the expense of shorter-term performance. We have our eye on the long-term targets, as we continue to believe that they are attainable. However, to achieve them, we must further invest to diversify our portfolio towards the faster-growing consumer spaces of health and well-being and snacking, while increasing our participation in the growing e-commerce space. And we must do this, while raising the bar on transparency and making our food more real and more sustainable. Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect sales growth in both Global Biscuits and Snacks and Campbell’s Fresh. However, we expect sales to decline in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. As I outlined earlier, U.S. soup sales will be negatively impacted by lower promotional support with a large customer. Additionally, we do not expect our V8 beverage business to grow in fiscal 2018. Given the difficult operating environment, the outlook for our Americas division and our plan to invest back in the business for the long-term, we expect net sales to change by minus 2% to 0%, adjusted EBIT to change by minus 1% to plus 1%, and adjusted EPS to change by 0% to plus 2%, this guidance excludes the pending acquisition of Pacific Foods. Anthony will walk you through additional details during his remarks. In closing, across the industry, the pace of change and disruption continues to accelerate. We expect the operating environment to remain challenging in fiscal 2018. Campbell is prepared to address the short-term challenges we’re facing, and make the necessary investments to position the company for long-term growth. Our purpose, growth agenda and strategic imperatives provide the guide as we take the steps to be the leading health and well-being food company. Thank you. And now I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before reviewing our results, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter. Importantly, as you saw in our press release this morning, we finished fiscal 2017 with performance consistent with our most recent guidance. I’m very pleased with the progress we’ve made against our $450 million cost saving target by 2020. We ended 2017 with program to-date savings of $325 million. Cost savings together with productivity gains have contributed to another year of gross margin expansion. We are disappointed with the performance of the Campbell Fresh division. As we’ve said, we believe that we have the right strategy for this business. We are addressing the executional issues, and we look forward to returning this business to top and bottom line growth in 2018. We are providing guidance for 2018, which is below our long-term target. As I’ll discuss, we have not been able to reach agreement on the promotional program with a key customer in our U.S. soup business and anticipate this to have a negative impact on sales. In terms of EBIT performance, while we expect to generate incremental cost savings and drive gross margin expansion, we are increasing our level of reinvestment in the business. I’ll discuss the factors impacting the guidance in my remarks. Now I’ll review our results in more detail. For the fourth quarter, as reported net sales declined by 1% to $1.664 billion. Organic sales also declined by 1%, reflecting declines in the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment. Adjusted EBIT increased 11% to $282 million, reflecting on an adjusted basis, lower marketing and selling expenses and a higher gross margin percentage, partly offset by the sales decline. Adjusted EPS increased 13%, or $0.06 to $0.52 per share. For the full-year, both as reported and organic net sales declined to 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT increased 2% compared to the prior year, driven by a higher adjusted gross margin percentage and lower adjusted administrative expenses, which benefited from lower incentive compensation costs, partly offset by lower sales volume, and adjusted EPS benefiting from share repurchases increased 3% to $3.04. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales declined 1%, driven by lower volume, primarily in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, reflecting the impact of a lower retailer inventory levels on soup sales and declines in V8 beverages. Overall, promotional spending rates were comparable to the prior year, as increases in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages were offset by lower rates in Global Biscuits and Snacks and Campbell Fresh. Within Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, promotional spending rates were up in Canada to hold key promoted prices following our list price increase and also in V8 beverages. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, promotional rate reductions were primarily driven by lower levels of spending in Arnott’s biscuits. And in C-Fresh, promotional activity remains lower, as we manage through our beverage supply constraints. And although it rounds to zero on the chart, we did have a slightly positive impact from currency translation, principally the Australian dollar bringing the change in our as reported sales to minus 1%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased 80 basis points in the quarter. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 110 basis points. On a rate basis, cost inflation was about 1.5%. And in Campbell Fresh, we experienced higher care costs and costs related to beverage supply constraints and enhanced quality protocols. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiative and mark-to-market gains on open commodity contracts. Promotional spending, mix and pricing had little to no impact on the quarter. Lastly, our supply chain productivity program, which is incremental to our cost savings program contributed 180 basis points of margin improvement. All in, our adjusted gross margin percentage expanded 80 basis points to 36.9%. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses declined 12% in the quarter, primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, as we lap the prior year quarter in which marketing levels were significantly above historical levels. We are also benefiting from our cost savings initiative. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 5%, reflecting the benefit from our cost savings initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line item. Adjusted EPS increased $0.06 from $0.46 in the prior-year quarter to $0.52 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, the improvement in adjusted EBIT had a $0.06 impact on the EPS. Share repurchases reduced our share count, adding $0.01 EPS benefit. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter increased by 80 basis points to 37.2%. The adjusted tax rate in the quarter reflects an unfavorable timing impact, as well as the geographic mix of earnings. This was partly offset by lapping the negative impact of $13 million correction for deferred tax expense in the prior year. The higher tax rate reduced adjusted EPS by $0.01. As expected, the adjusted tax rate for the full-year was 32.4%. And while adjusted interest expense was up $1 million, as higher rates were mostly offset by lower average debt, this had no impact on EPS for the quarter. Currency translation also had no impact on EPS, completing the bridge to $0.52 per share. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 3%, driven primarily by declines in soup and V8 beverages. Sales of U.S. soup in this non-seasonal quarter declined 4%, reflecting declines in condensed, broth and ready-to-serve. The lower sales were driven by reductions in retailer inventory levels, while consumer takeaway in measured channels was comparable to a year ago. For the full-year, sales of U.S. soup declined 1%, as declines in condensed and broth were partly offset by growth of ready-to-serve soups. Operating earnings increased 4% in the quarter to $198 million. The increase was primarily driven by lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses and lower administrative expenses, partly offset by lower sales volume and a lower gross margin percentage. Here’s a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results, as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending July 30, 2017, the category as a whole declined 40 basis points. Our sales performance was better than a category, declining just 10 basis points. We had a 58.8% market share for the 52-week period, and as we outperformed the category, we gained 20 basis points of market share. Our share gains and ready-to-serve reflected improved performance with Chunky and the launch of Well Yes!, and were mostly offset by lower share in broth, which was impacted by increased private label activity. Private label grew share by 130 basis points, finishing at 14.1%. All other branded players collectively had a share of about 27%, declining 150 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales were comparable to the prior year, as gains in Pepperidge Farm, reflecting continued growth in Goldfish crackers, were offset by a decline in our Arnott’s business in Indonesia. Operating earnings increased 35% to $109 million, reflecting a higher gross margin percentage, lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses and lower administrative expense. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales increased 1%, driven primarily by higher sales of Garden Fresh Gourmet and Bolthouse Farms carrots and carrot ingredients. Sales of Bolthouse Farms refrigerated beverages declined slightly, reflecting the impact of supply constraints. Looking ahead with increasing internal capacity and additional co-packer capacity now coming online, we expect to have sufficient capacity to support our growth plan in fiscal 2018. Operating earnings decreased from $8 million to a loss of $8 million, reflecting higher administrative expenses, higher carrot costs and the cost impact of further improvements in our quality processes and related beverage capacity constraints. Operating earnings in the fourth quarter are below our year-to-date run rate, reflecting additional costs, primarily related to one-time inventory and asset write-offs. While not to the record level generated last year, we had another strong year in cash flow performance. Cash from operations was $1.291 million, compared to $1.491 million in 2016. The decline was due to wrapping last year’s working capital reduction, lower cash earnings and lower receipts on hedging activities. Capital expenditures ended the year at $338 million, about equal to last year. We paid dividends totaling $420 million, compared to $390 million in 2016. The increase reflects our 12% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.35 per share earlier in this fiscal year. In aggregate, we repurchased $437 million of shares in fiscal 2017, $400 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt of $3.2 billion was comparable to last year, as cash from operations was offset by capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases. Now, I’ll review our 2018 outlook. We expect sales to change by minus 2% to 0%, adjusted EBIT to change by minus 1% to plus 1% and adjusted EPS to change by 0% to plus 2%. This guidance assumes that the impact of currency translation will be nominal. We are forecasting sales growth in both Global Biscuits and Snacks and Campbell Fresh. However, we expect sales in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages to decline. As Denise discussed, we expect U.S. soup sales to be negatively impacted by lower promotional support with a key customer. We currently estimate the impact to be about 1 percentage point on total company sales. And while we expect to make progress in turning around our V8 Beverage business, we do not expect growth in 2018. While adjusted EBIT is benefiting from our cost savings program and productivity improvements, we are increasing the level of reinvestment in the business to drive long-term growth. As we discussed at our Investor Day meeting, we are investing in e-commerce, snacking, real food and our health and well-being initiatives. We are also forecasting an increase in the rate of cost inflation and face an incentive compensation headwind representing 2 percentage points of EBIT. Adjusted EPS reflects the anticipated benefit from our strategic share repurchase program, partly offset by higher interest expense. And although, we don’t provide quarterly guidance, I will say that we expect significantly weaker performance in the first-half and relatively better performance in the second-half of this fiscal year. Turning to some of the key assumptions underlying our guidance. As I’ve mentioned before, we have seen an increase in cost inflation. Looking ahead to 2018, we are forecasting cost inflation in the range of 2% to 3%, driven by ingredient and packaging increases on dairy, wheat, steel cans, resins and corrugated. Cost inflation also includes higher wages and medical benefit costs. As we’ve successfully delivered in the past, we expect ongoing supply chain productivity gains, excluding the benefit of our cost savings program of approximately 3% of cost of products sold. Against our cost savings program, we expect to deliver an additional $60 million to $70 million of cost savings, most of which will impact costs. With productivity and cost savings ahead of inflation, we expect to deliver a modest improvement in our gross margin percentage. Below the line, our adjusted interest expense is expected to increase to approximate $120 million to $130 million, reflecting the impact from our sale of intercompany notes to a third-party bank in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. We expect this effective tax rate to be approximately 32% slightly below the 2017 rate of 32.4%. We expect to continue buying back shares under our strategic share repurchase program. However, given the pending Pacific Foods acquisition, we anticipate the level of repurchases will be below 2017 level. Lastly, we are forecasting capital expenditures of approximately $400 million, which is an increase from 2017 spending, reflecting our recently announced initiative to build a forward-deployed warehousing and distribution system in the U.S. That concludes my remarks. And I’ll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay, Candice.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Denise Morrison: Good morning, Andrew.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Denise, I have a question, I guess, on the fiscal 2018 outlook more broadly that that pertains to Campbell, but obviously some other food names too that they have sort of similar fiscal years and have recently provided their own sort of 2018 guidance. I guess, the pattern that has emerged is still some expectation of sales growth that will be below what we all like to see, given the tough environment that you’ve talked about, but still some earnings growth, given the flow through of cost saves and such. And I guess, in Campbell’s case, the company has made some very big bets around growth to your assets within C-Fresh and Snacking. And I guess, I wonder, if you’ve talked about reinvestment this year, but I guess, just in consideration to maybe spending even much more upfront to realize the promise of these growth areas even if it means, let’s say, lower EPS for a year or two in order to revive the top line maybe more sustainably, even I know, that’s not a super pleasant thought process. I guess, my question is really around the concept of reinvestment versus a rebase from an EPS standpoint, just so we don’t run the risk of maybe repeating as a group this sort of scenario over time?
Denise Morrison: Andrew, you raised a very good point and it’s always a very thoughtful process to balance the performance in the short-term with significant long-term investments. In this environment and for the last several years, we have been acting very decisively and aggressively. When you think about it, we bought five companies in the last five years. If you include the pending acquisition of Pacific, we divested lower performing businesses. We have closed several manufacturing facilities and consolidated assets and giving – give – invested to give us much more flexibility and cost savings in our supply chain. We’ve realized our cost savings program over delivering the $300 million a year early and setting a goal for another $150 million, which we have a line of sight to. And we’ve really amped up new models of innovation going into places that we haven’t gone before. So we haven’t been sitting still for a moment. And this continued stream of investment is on top of all of that activity. And we believe that the investments that we’re making really – are in sufficient support in 2018 to get these ideas jumpstarted and/or continue to invest where we have already been activating. And so I’m comfortable with the fact that, it’s the right level of investment and we’re still able to show some EPS and EBIT growth in the process.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you And our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Great. Thanks.. Hi, Denise, good morning. I just – I know this is probably a difficult one to elaborate on. But I wanted to come back to the negotiation issue that you highlighted in the soup category, given the importance of soup to your overall profitability and supply chain. I’m just curious if you can give us any more context on why you felt it was necessary to exercise this level of discipline and really sort of stand on principle here? Is that a function of that particular retailer making unrealistic demands? And how do you think about the risks of that translating into other categories, or potentially a loss of shelf space, or display that’s hard to rectify going forward?
Denise Morrison: Yes, we don’t necessarily comment on the specifics with a customer, but let me answer the question more in aggregate. Our negotiations with customers for soup season involve joint business planning with plans for spending and merchandising linked to a sales goal. And what we seek are win-win-win solutions, win for the consumer, win for the customer and win for Campbell. And so, in this particular situation, we were not able to achieve that negotiation. And so what I can tell you though is, our programs are strong, our A&C investment is robust and our new products are really unique with the Well Yes! and Chunky Maxx. And they’ve been really well received by customers in general in the marketplace, and we will continue to keep the dialogue open and strive for that win-win-win solution.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, understood. And I’m not sure if these factors are related just a quick follow-up. But is the trade inventory reduction that occurred in Q4 have anything to do with just sort of the lead into to the fall and changes with that same customer, or is that something a bit broader across the retail environment?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I would say, they’re unrelated, Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thanks, both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, David.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: I wanted just to go back a little bit, so the Analyst Day I walked away from Analyst Day really thinking that you were quite optimistic about the situation that it was changing Denise in a positive way. So the negative 2% to 0% revenue guidance comping a negative 1% from the year. It’s pretty disappointing. But it doesn’t even seem like it’s all related to this. Anthony, I think, you said the impact from this soup issue is negative 1 percentage point. But – so can you just comment on the fullness of this guidance? Is there something else here, because negative 2% to 0%, it doesn’t seem to flip to some of the stuff that I thought you were saying at Analyst Day about the turnaround in C-Fresh and these opportunities in biscuits. I just feel like we were getting a bit more negative of a figure today and maybe it’s not only related to the soup issue, but would just love for you to elaborate if you can?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So if I think about it in its components, we – and as Denise said, we do expect to see top line growth in Campbell Fresh in 2018, as we get the capacity for beverage back up to where we need to be. We turn on the promotional program, that’s kind of happening now as we speak, so we do expect growth there. We do expect growth in Global Biscuits and Snacks. The Pepperidge Farm business driven by Goldfish has performed well, so we expect that to continue. Fresh Bakery is a little bit of a drag on that portfolio. Frozen is a little bit of a drag on that portfolio. Arnott’s, we expect a little bit of growth and we expect to turnaround or stabilize our business in Indonesia. So I would say, in Global Biscuits and Snacks a little bit of growth. As you pointed out on Americas Simple Meals and Beverages two negative drivers. One is now the issue on U.S. soup and the other is the expected decline although hopefully to a lesser degree on our V8 Beverage businesses. So, that gets into negative territory in aggregate. And I think the range reflects some expectation and some realization of the environment in which we’re operating. And that’s how we came to a decision to go down to that minus 2 as to the lower end of the range so.
David Driscoll: One follow-up on the specific issue. Just to be clear, it’s a promotion problem that you’re having for the soup season. It sounds then that, is this a true statement you’ve not been delisted, you’ve not lost shelf space. You’re just not getting the promotions that you would have otherwise expected to get during the soup season, is that fair?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, that is fair. So it’ll show up in the financials. It will look like a reduction in trade and a lower trade rate that will flow through to lower volumes, which we think will off – or more than offset the trade reduction. So, therefore, lower sales. It will have some negative impacts on EBIT and we’re looking for ways to mitigate the bottom line impact through incremental cost savings and a redeployment of some of that trade elsewhere.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks so much. Hey, good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: If I can just ask a quick one on soup and then a more general follow-up on soup. Just on the timing, thank you for that help in terms of, you mentioned first-half. I’m just curious, does it start to affect your business? I’m just talking the loss of the promotion in the first quarter, or is it more of a second quarter issue? Why doesn’t it affect the third quarter as much? I’m just trying to get a little bit of sense of timing as we sort of model this out? I’ll leave it there and then I’ll go to the follow-up if I can?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I mean it’s – there’s two things. One is the seasonality of soup. So it is going to impact both the first quarter and then the second quarter. And the reason that you don’t see it’s less so in the back-half is how the in-season and out of season pricing works on soup. So the big delta that you’ll see on shelf prices is really up first-half in-season issue and not so much when we get out of season in the back-half.
Ken Goldman: Okay. But exclusive of seasonality, we should start modeling this fairly immediately in 1Q. Is that the message we should takeaway, or is it unclear exactly when this sort of?
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, I would agree with that.
Ken Goldman: Yes, okay. And then just my follow-up is, we’ve heard some of your peers talk about the more challenging negotiating environment with customers in general. One individual said, it’s not like it was 20 years ago where you just send a fax out and announce a price increase, it’s a lot harder than it used to be. I think, that’s apparent. But I’m just questioning or curious rather for this particular issue with the loss promo, do you look at it as a real one-off, I guess, challenge to you, or is this indicative of a more difficult environment out there something that you may have to deal with a little bit longer and more broadly in the future?
Denise Morrison: Yes. Yes, I think that the – again, as I said, I think the retailer environment right now is hypercompetitive. I mean, you’ve got the Amazon acquisition of Whole Foods, the expansion of Leadle and Aldie, creating some new retail formats and some escalated competition in the marketplace. However, I’m optimistic that retail continues to morph. I mean, I remember and I’m going way back when club stores and supercenters were a new format. And the retailer market and companies like ours adjust to that. So we’re really focused on making our brands accessible in multiple channels, and we believe that the new sales design that we have will help us in that effort. So, yes, I do think these are challenging times. And I do think that, as the consumer changes, retailers will change with the consumer and we’ve got to do the same.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. Have a good holiday.
Anthony DiSilvestro: You too.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hello, Bryan.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hello, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just a question on snack investments. I think, you had mentioned that it was one of the themes in the Investor Day in July and you’ve referenced it again today on the call. So, Denise, can you just sort of give us a little bit more color in terms of the type of investments? Would it be – are you considering maybe more M&A in the Snacking world? Is it packaging formats, launching new products? Just trying to get a sense for, I guess, what we should look for in terms of being able to identify where you’ve sort of expanded in snacking and what those types of investments would be?
Denise Morrison: Right. So in the snacking area, I’ll take it in three parts. The first is our internal innovation. And we have real insights about the frequency of consumer snacking and mini meal consumption now five times a day as opposed to only about a third of the population eating three square meals. So we think that’s a very rich space for us to expand with our brands internally. So we have a concerted effort across the enterprise to really look at the – a series of platforms that we’ve identified and bring health and well-being more into the front and center on snacking, starting with mindful kids snacking, which we think is a good base for us. So the investment is really in the people and resources to amp up that internal innovation. The second part of it is partnerships, and we’re continuing to look at partnerships like Chef’d, for example, where we can actually incorporate our brands into new models and accessible channels. And then the third would be, smart M&A. And we continue to be very disciplined about the M&A that we do and this will be no different. But this is an area, where we have an interest, particularly in the better-for-you snacking arena. So it’s really a three-pronged approach, but we do believe that’s a very robust space for us as a company across the enterprise.
Bryan Spillane: If I remember correctly, you’ve set revenue targets over, I guess, maybe the medium-term for each segment to sort of gain incremental revenue from snacking. Is – do you expect that in this fiscal 2018 that there will be some incremental revenue in 2018 from these initiatives?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think that’s built into the growth expectations for the Global Biscuits and Snacks Division, and some of the innovations that we will be developing will also be hitting the marketplace in future years.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks. Have a great holiday weekend.
Denise Morrison: Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: You too, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge Research. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey, good morning. Thanks very much. You had a little break there. So let me get back to the – just one more follow-up please, on the major customer soup decision here. Is this just a simple, I mean, you said you didn’t lose shelf space. Is this just as simple as a competitive issue that maybe surprised you a little bit, where someone else is selling in promotional aggressively and that’s maybe a little surprising giving some of the recent plant moves that have been made? Is there any truth to that statement?
Denise Morrison: I’m comfortable that we’ve given you the information that we’re willing to disclose. So, beyond that, I don’t believe we should be talking about the details.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Let me take it this way then. Your other nine of your top 10 customers where this didn’t happen, what are the factors when you think about the soup season that like what data do you provide them? What are the factors that that you’re very excited about that allow you to maybe keep the kind of promotions you’ve been – you have there? I mean, is it, why wouldn’t – what do you – what data do you share with them that make those negotiations go well?
Denise Morrison: Yes, we have a very disciplined robust process with our customers in joint business planning, which starts with discovery of opportunities, development of ideas, decisions made and then delivery and execution. And so, we have been working on these joint business plans for many years with many customers. They really involve things like pricing merchandising shelves, performance, consumer activation, customization, packaging, product assortment, they’re very, very comprehensive strategic plans that we co-develop with our customers. And we have very strong programs this year and very robust plans with customers. So I’m optimistic with this other one situation that we will get to a win-win solution.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. Hello, hello, hope I understood you well. I’m going to follow-up on Feeney’s question, because I feel the need. The issue with the soup promotion maybe you’re willing to disclose whether or not it was a retailer choosing to opt into other categories, so no longer showing the same degree of support behind soup. Is that the issue here, or is it kind of Feeney’s question, no, no, it’s just a different brand within soup that they’re going to promote this year?
Denise Morrison: We’re not experiencing this in other categories.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I guess, it’s really hard for us to tell you what the retailer’s promotional program it is going to be in the category. We know what it is vis-à-vis our product. It’s hard for us to sit here and say, we know what they’re going to do with respect to the other brands within this category. I will add this situation with this retailer is unique to the soup category and not to the other categories in which we participate even with this retailer. So it is confined to soup, and again, it’s really hard for us to say what that retailer is going to do.
Jason English: Okay. So the jury is still out on whether or not they’re just pulling back on the category in aggregate, wait and see there. Let me ask you a different question. And kind of taken the other side of Andrew Lazar’s question on, do you need to spend more and ask the question of, are you spending way too much on this portfolio? You’re talking about a big capital investment for services, but arguably there’s ample third-party capacity out there. But you’re going to – you’ll burn a lot of cash to replicate that. And you continue, I mean, you pull back a lot on A&P, but the spend level isn’t necessarily anemic in context of the industry. Denise, given the seismic shifts and the acceleration of these shifts, all the things you’re talking about, why aren’t you making more seismic shifts? Why aren’t pulling back, shoring up more cash to really accelerate this portfolio pivot and transformation outside of just sort of these smaller bolt-on incremental moves that you’ve been pursuing for the last few years?
Denise Morrison: We believe that we have the right balance of strengthening our core business and at the same time expanding into faster growing spaces. So, again, we believe that we are spending adequately and aggressively in our Global Biscuits and Snacks in our Campbell Fresh business to build those very on-trend categories. Just a reminder, though, the soup business is still a very large and profitable business for us, and we have to keep our brands differentiated and relevant. And so we’ve been really investing very specifically in the real food credentials of our core business to better satisfy consumers and customers and innovation to keep the center store robust, which is definitely needed in today’s environment. We – that said, we have had really good margin expansion in the category and we’re operating as a company very profitably. So, I do think that if there are M&A opportunities out there that we can bolt-on or supplement what we’re doing, we are open to that, but we’re again, very disciplined about our approach to that.
Jason English: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, David.
David Palmer: Good morning. Just a quick one on, you mentioned in the opening remarks, retailer brands as part of the description of the challenges facing food producers out there. In the past, you talked about retailer brand pushed in broth. Could you just talk about retailer brands and the threat toward the market share shifts that are going on there vis-à-vis broth and particularly as it relates to your fiscal 2018 outlook? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Private label has definitely been around for a long time and has traditionally been below average share in our categories. And acknowledging the fact that we did feel the impact on Swanson broth this year. We believe in a world of private label that the best insulation is brand differentiation and that’s where we’re focused. And so, and the other – the flip side of it is, in the Fresh business, we do participate with store brands in some of our fresh categories. So it’s not a one size fits all on how to work in an environment with private label.
David Palmer: So do you feel like you’ve – with broth, in particularly, you’ve stabilized things versus private label and you have the right programs to make sure that those share trends are, at least, not going to get worse?
Denise Morrison: Yes, we have specific plans to differentiate broth this year.
David Palmer: Great. Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Ken Gosnell for any closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1404-537-3406. The access code is 6692641. You have until September 14 at midnight, at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the website and just click on recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have any further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with question, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at 856-342-3737. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-05-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - Vice President, Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs David Driscoll - Citi Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Gosnell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup’s fiscal 2017. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. One additional item before we begin our discussion of the quarter, I would like to cordially invite our sell-side analysts and institutional investors to our annual Investor Day at Campbell’s World Headquarters. RSVPs are required. All others are invited to join by webcast. This year’s event will be held in the afternoon of Wednesday, July 19. We will include updates on our plans and key initiatives for the three operating divisions. We will also have time for interacting with our management teams, so I hope everyone can make it. With that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today, I’ll share my perspective on our performance this quarter and outline our expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year. First, some context on the macroeconomic environment. Overall macroeconomic trends in the U.S. improved slightly in the quarter. Consumer confidence edged up and unemployment declined modestly. However, in the first quarter of the calendar year, consumer spending only grew 0.3%, its lowest level of growth since 2009. Consumers entered 2017 facing a variety of interrelated pressures and complexities from economic shifts, delayed tax refunds and general uncertainty. Many consumers continued to struggle financially, especially lower income and younger shoppers. Additionally, the retailer environment continues to be very aggressive, with e-commerce and value players applying increased pressure on grocery and mass channels and we do not anticipate this trend to abate anytime soon. Food companies certainly felt the pinch. It was a challenging quarter across the industry as top line growth remains scarce, especially in center-store categories. Consumers continue to migrate to fresher and healthier foods found on the perimeter of food stores. Like the majority of our peers, early in the calendar year, we experienced significantly lower consumption across almost all of our categories. At Campbell, we felt it most acutely in February. While trends improved as the quarter progressed, growth in March and April was insufficient to offset the earlier weakness. In the context of this unfavorable operating environment, we delivered competitive results in the third quarter. Although our top line was below our expectations, we grew or maintained market share in 11 measured categories, representing 75% of our U.S. retail dollar sales. Looking at Campbell’s results. Organic sales declined 1%, adjusted EBIT declined 2%, and adjusted earnings per share declined 9% to $0.59 a share, primarily due to a higher adjusted tax rate. The sales decline in the third quarter resulted from softer than expected soup sales the ongoing capacity related challenges in Campbell Fresh refrigerated beverages and weakness in V8 beverages. This more than offset the strong results from Global Biscuits and Snacks in the quarter. Let’s look at our 9-month results. Year-to-date, organic sales were down 1%, adjusted EBIT was comparable to a year ago and our adjusted EPS was up 1%. Reflecting our performance in the quarter, we revised our fiscal 2017 guidance this morning. We lowered our sales guidance to minus 1% to 0%, a point below our previous expectations. Despite the challenges on the top line, we have raised the low end of our adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS ranges. We now expect adjusted EBIT to increase 2% to 4% and adjusted EPS to increase 3% to 5%. We expect that we will be able to offset the impact of lower sales with our ongoing cost saving efforts, which are ahead of our expectations for the fiscal year. Now, let me share my thoughts on our segment performance for the quarter and offer some perspective on our plans for the balance of the year. Let’s start with our largest division, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. We continued to manage this division for performance consistent with the categories in which we operate and for margin expansion. Organic sales declined by 2% in the quarter, predominantly driven by U.S. soup and V8 beverages. Operating earnings were comparable to a year ago. Importantly, we continued to expand gross margin in the division, even as we made investments in real food. As we previously outlined, we are in the process of eliminating artificial colors and flavors from our products, removing BPA from the can liners in our soup portfolio and increasing the use of real food ingredients such as chicken with no antibiotics in our soups. Despite gaining share in the quarter, soup sales declined 4%, year-to-date, soup sales declined 1%. Although soup performance improved throughout the quarter, we were unable to overcome the slow start in February. Sales of condensed soup and broth declined, while our ready-to-serve portfolio grew. Promotional activities in support of condensed soup did not generate the anticipated lift, while the decline in broth was the result of continued competitive activity from private label. On the plus side, sales growth in our ready-to-serve portfolio was fueled by Chunky and our new Well Yes! soup line. Chunky benefited from increased merchandising, improved marketing and new items. We remain enthusiastic about the launch of our new Well Yes! clean label soup. Customer response has been strong and consumer trial is ahead of expectations. In the fourth quarter, we are planning to expand the Well Yes! line with five new varieties and to introduce a significant line extension to Chunky, new Chunky Max Bowls [ph], featuring 40% more protein. Given our performance year-to-date and with the season being largely complete, we are now calling for soup sales to be down slightly for the year even while we gained market share. Beyond soup, Prego continues to perform well, driven by strong consumption, increased distribution in club channels and contributions from Prego’s farmers market. V8 beverages continued to struggle as the shelf stable juice category remains challenged. As discussed last quarter, two-thirds of our shelf-stable juice portfolio, V8 100% Vegetable Juice, Veggie Blends and V8 +Energy is on trend and leverages our heritage in vegetable nutrition. The remaining third of the portfolio consisting of V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash is under pressure due in part to category wide consumer concerns about sugar. In the quarter, sales of both Fusion and Splash declined while V8 100% Vegetable Juice grew behind continued media investments. V8 +Energy also grew as we expanded distribution of new carbonated varieties. Year-to-date, the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage division is performing in line with its portfolio role. While organic sales have declined 1%, operating earnings have increased 5%. Moving on to Campbell Fresh, C-Fresh remains an important strategic business for Campbell and we are confident in the growth potential of the Packaged Fresh category as consumer preferences for fresher and healthier foods remain strong. C-Fresh sales declined 6% in the quarter, primarily driven by continued production constraints following the June 2016 voluntary recall of Protein PLUS beverages. As discussed during our last call, we have implemented enhanced processes to improve quality standards. We also started up a new beverage line in Bakersfield in the quarter and are in the midst of qualifying a new co-packer, which is slated to come online late in the fourth quarter. As expected, we still haven’t returned to our original production levels. We have been able to fill orders for shelf stock. However, we have been unable to execute normal promotional activity across the fresh beverage portfolio. We expect continued capacity constraints through the fourth quarter as we fully operationalize our new line and our co-packer starts production. We will begin increasing promotion activity towards the end of the fiscal fourth quarter and expect to ramp up to normal levels in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. On the innovation front, the reception of our new Bolthouse Farms products, including the new plant-based protein milk, has been positive by retailers. We will start shipping this exciting new product early next fiscal year. Turning to our farms business. Sales declined slightly driven by the natural ingredients business. We have made good progress stabilizing our carrot business, which delivered modest sales growth in the quarter as our quality and customer service levels have improved. Overall, we are moving in the right direction under our new leadership team. We have leveraged this tough situation this year to build the stronger foundation for growth. Looking ahead, we anticipate that C-Fresh will deliver modest sales growth in the fourth quarter as we lap the Protein PLUS recall. While we expect the beverage business will continue to improve, we will still be operating with less capacity than we had a year ago. Turning now to Global Biscuits and Snacks. This division unifies our biscuits and snacks brands across Pepperidge Farm, Arnott’s and Kelsen. The team delivered strong results in the quarter. Sales increased 2% and EBIT was up 14%. The two main drivers of the sales increase were Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s Biscuit in Asia-Pacific. First, Pepperidge Farm. I am pleased with the performance of the team. Pepperidge Farm snacks continued to deliver strong results, fueled by Goldfish Crackers and Pepperidge Farm Cookies. Continued Goldfish growth was driven by larger pack sizes and multi-packs, increased advertising and the continued expansion of our health and well-being offerings, especially Goldfish made with organic wheat. In cookies, sales increased across most of the portfolio. We are pleased with the April launch of our new Farmhouse Cookie brand. These new thin and crispy cookies are simply delicious. They leverage our baking heritage and are made with simple, real food ingredients. It’s early days, but retailer response has been positive with more than 50% ACV distribution. Consumers have also responded very favorably. Sales declined slightly in our fresh bakery business, driven by Pepperidge Farms sandwich and swirl bread, coupled with increased spending to counter competitive activity. Buns and rolls delivered strong growth. Turning to Australia. In a very challenging trading environment, we delivered sales growth in our biscuit portfolio. Our new Arnott’s Tim Tam gelato-inspired varieties are performing well with strong customer acceptance and consumer takeaway. In addition, Arnott’s Shapes continued to regain share with the return to several popular original flavors. We are preparing to ship at the end of July new multi-pack single-serve Arnott’s Shapes, Tim Tams and Tiny Teddies in multiple sizes for take-home and on-the-go consumer occasions. In addition, our developing markets in Southeast Asia performed well with organic sales growth in both Indonesia and Malaysia. We are confident that the division will finish the year on a high note as we expect to maintain our current momentum and deliver solid sales growth and double digit operating earnings in the fourth quarter. In conclusion, our team delivered competitive performance and what continued to be an extraordinarily difficult operating environment. However, we clearly have more work to do to address our sales performance. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, our plan calls for improved performance to finish the year as we cycle the Bolthouse Farms protein drink recall, last year’s carrot quality issues and a higher adjusted tax rate. Additionally, we expect Global Biscuits and Snacks to maintain its current momentum. We also plan to return to more normal marketing level versus the stepped-up levels of a year ago. Finally, we are on track to slightly exceed our multi-year $300 million cost savings target by the end of the fiscal, a year earlier than originally planned. And as we announced last quarter, we are pursuing incremental cost savings of $150 million over the next few years. Thank you. And I look forward to answering your questions in a few minutes. With that, I will turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks Denise and good morning. Before reviewing our results, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter. In the context of top line challenges that impacted much of the industry early in the first calendar quarter, I feel good about our sales performance. And as Denise mentioned, we grew or maintained share in 11 measured categories, representing 75% of our U.S. retail dollar sales. Sales for the quarter were below our expectations as declines early in the period were only partly offset by growth later in the quarter. Notably, Global Biscuits and Snacks had a strong quarter, achieving sales and double digit earnings growth. While adjusted gross margin declined 40 basis points in the quarter that includes an 80 basis points negative impact from wrapping mark to market gains on open commodity hedges. Our promotional rate also had a negative impact on margin, exacerbated by weaker than expected volume performance. We continue to make progress on our cost savings initiatives, generating another $20 million of savings in the quarter, slightly better than expected. And we have now delivered $295 million program to-date. Adjusted EPS declined 9%. But as you will see, most of that is being driven by volatility in our tax rate. With one quarter to go, we are revising guidance with sales coming down slightly to reflect our third quarter performance, while we tighten our earnings ranges, raising the low end by 1 point, as we remain confident in our ability to deliver our full year expectations for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Now I will review our results in more detail. For the third quarter, as reported net sales declined by 1% to $1.853 billion driven by a 1% decline in organic net sales, organic net sales declined in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Campbell Fresh were partly offset by gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks. Adjusted EBIT declined 2% to $305 million, reflecting the impact of a lower adjusted gross margin percentage and lower sales, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Reflecting a 650 basis point increase in our adjusted tax rate, adjusted EPS decreased 9% or $0.06 to $0.59 per share. For the first nine months, as reported and organic net sales both declined by 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EPS was comparable to the prior year and adjusted EPS of $2.51 increased by 1%. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter, organic net sales declined 1%, driven primarily by increased promotional spending in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, promotional spending rates were up in our U.S. Soup business as we increased spending to extend the soup season and added support to Swanson broth. We also increased spending in Canada to hold certain promoted prices following our list price increase. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, promotional spending was up in our Arnott’s business as we shifted some spending from A&C to trade. Volume and mix were comparable to last year as volume gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks were offset by declines in Campbell Fresh as we continue to be impacted by supply constraints on Bolthouse Farms beverages. And although it rounds to zero on the chart, we did have a slightly positive impact from currency translation, principally the Australian dollar, bringing the change in our as reported sales to minus 1%. Our adjusted gross margin percentage decreased 40 basis points in the quarter. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 170 basis points. On a rate basis, cost inflation was about 1.5%. We are also lapping mark-to-market gains on open commodity contracts in the prior year, which accounts for 80 basis points of the decline. These negative drivers were partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Increased promotional spending had a negative impact of 80 basis points, reflecting the drivers I previously discussed. Mix was neutral for the quarter. List pricing increases had a positive impact of 20 basis points, driven primarily by list price actions taken by our retail business in Canada. Lastly, our supply chain productivity programs, which is incremental to our cost savings program, contributed 190 basis points to margin improvement in the quarter. All-in, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 40 basis points to 36.6%. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses declined 5% in the quarter primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses in Arnott’s as well as the benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 1%, reflecting higher healthcare costs, inflation and investments in long-term innovation mostly offset by lower incentive compensation. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below the line item. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.06 from $0.65 in the prior year quarter to $0.59 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, the decline in adjusted EBIT had a $0.02 impact on adjusted EPS. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter increased by 650 basis points to 35% as the prior year benefited from lower taxes on foreign earnings. The increased tax rate reduced adjusted EPS by $0.06. Share repurchase reduced our share count, adding $0.01 EPS benefit. Interest expense was comparable to the prior year as the impact of lower debt level was offset by higher rates. Currency translation also had no impact on adjusted EPS, completing the bridge to $0.59 per share. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales fell by 2% as declines in soup and V8 beverages were partly offset by gains in Prego pasta sauces, SpaghettiOs pasta and Swanson canned poultry. Reflecting declines early in the quarter, sales of U.S. soup declined 4%, driven by declines in condensed soup and Swanson broth, partly offset by gains in ready-to-serve soups. Growth in RTS soups was driven by gains in Chunky and the launch of Well Yes!. Chunky soup performance reflects increased merchandising, improved execution and successful new items. The launch of Well Yes! continues to progress well, with strong customer acceptance supported with a robust marketing plan. Although soup sales declined in the quarter, we gained market share in the U.S. wet soup category. On a year-to-date basis, sales of U.S. soup declined 1%. Operating earnings in the quarter were comparable to the prior year as a higher gross margin percentage benefiting from supply chain productivity improvement and cost savings was offset by lower sales volumes. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending April 30, 2017, the category as a whole declined 70 basis points. Our sales performance was better than the category, declining just 20 basis points in measured channels. We had a 58.9% market share for the 52-week period with a share gain of 30 basis points. Private label grew share by 100 basis points, finishing at 13.9%. All other branded players collectively had a share of about 27%, declining 130 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales increased 2%, driven by gains in Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s biscuits, with growth in both Australia and Indonesia. Pepperidge Farm sales increased as continuing growth in Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies was partly offset by declines in fresh bakery and frozen products. Operating earnings increased 14% to $98 million, reflecting volume growth and lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales declined 6%, driven by lower sales of Bolthouse Farms beverages, which was in line with our expectations. Our Bolthouse Farms beverage business continues to be impacted by supply constraints. In the third quarter, we started up a new beverage line at our Bakersfield site. And together with the additional co-packer capacity that Denise mentioned, we expect to have sufficient capacity towards the end of the fourth quarter to support a more normal promotional schedule as we move into fiscal 2018. Operating earnings declined by $12 million to $1 million, reflecting unfavorable sales volume and mix as well as the cost impact of reduced beverage capacity and enhanced quality processes. Cash flow from operations was $1.011 billion compared to $1.211 billion generated in the first nine months of last year. Cash flow in the prior year benefited from a significant reduction in working capital. Although we are below the prior year in which we generated a record level, we are on track to deliver another year of strong cash flow. Capital expenditures declined $30 million to $195 million. Our CapEx forecast remains unchanged at $325 million for fiscal 2017. We paid dividends totaling $314 million, up from $294 million in the prior year, reflecting our increased quarterly dividend rate to $0.35 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $305 million of shares compared to $118 million in 2016. Current year repurchases include $271 million under our strategic share repurchase program as we have increased our level of share repurchases, the balance were made to offset dilution from equity based compensation. Net debt declined by $212 million compared to year ago levels to just over $3 billion as cash from operations over the last four quarters exceeded capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases. Now I will review our revised 2017 guidance. Reflecting the impact of sales performance below our expectations in the quarter, we are slightly reducing our sales guidance. We now expect sales to change by minus 1% to 0%, which is 1 percentage point below our previous range. With the impact of lower sales being offset by incremental cost savings, we are narrowing our earnings ranges. We now expect adjusted EBIT to grow by 2% to 4% compared to the previous range of 1% to 4% and adjusted EPS to grow by 3% to 5% compared to the previous range of 2% to 5%. This guidance assumes, based on current exchange rates, that the impact from currency translation will be nominal. We continue to expect our adjusted gross margin percentage to end the year at about 38%, almost 1 point better than last year. Our EPS guidance reflects a full year effective tax rate of approximately 32%, which is unchanged, implying a fourth quarter adjusted tax rate similar to the third quarter and the favorable impact of anticipated share repurchases over the remainder of the year. For those of you doing the fourth quarter math, the guidance implies strong earnings growth for the balance of the year. Anticipated fourth quarter earnings growth is benefiting from an improved gross margin as we wrap the impact of the Bolthouse Farms recall and related production outages and we benefit from additional cost savings, cycle marketing investments above historical levels and from the continuing earnings momentum in Global Biscuits and Snacks. That concludes my remarks. Now I will turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, I would have the fairness to other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Some of the companies in the packaged food space more recently have kind of been starting to walk away from some of their multiyear margin targets. I think seeing the need to maybe spend back more to stabilize the top line and maybe get a better balance of top line and margins back. And certainly, what we have seen from Campbell recently is a bit weaker sales like a lot of the industry, but of course much better cost saves and margin. So I guess I am wondering if, heading into ‘18, is there maybe a need maybe to spend back even more than the one half of the incremental cost saves that you had previously said you would, I guess, spend back through fiscal ‘20? Really, I guess I am asking, is ‘18 broadly speaking do you think it needs to be a bigger reinvestment year as it will likely end up being for some of your peer companies?
Denise Morrison: I think that the gross margin expansion that we have achieved has been done with a lot of analytic rigor and has gone after things that really are not hurting the business. And we definitely have kept our investment in advertising consumer and trade around that 24% level and that really hasn’t changed although the mix changes by brand depending upon the competitive situation that it’s in. With the $300 million, we have been able to save through our effective cost savings program, we have reinvested a significant portion of that back into the business and intend to do so as we go forward in pursuit of the $150 million that we will save. When you peel it back, our top line really needs to benefit from the return to growth of Campbell Fresh, which we expect next year and also continued progress to stabilize our V8 beverage business. Our Global Biscuits and Snacks business has momentum. Condensed is pretty stable. RTS grew nicely and we are under some pressure in broth. So we know what we have to do to get to that growth rate.
Andrew Lazar: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hello, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I guess a question on C-Fresh. Year-to-date, they are basically breakeven in terms of profits. And I guess now you have got the new production coming on beginning in the fourth quarter and some other things you have done to sort of increase efficiency. Anthony, can you just talk about kind of how long it takes to get back to the 5% or 6% EBIT margins you were before and kind of what the potential is above and beyond that, now that you have sort of retooled that business? I guess, essentially just trying to understand kind of the trajectory to get back to sort of a higher level of profitability.
Denise Morrison: Right, okay. So first of all, in the farms business, we believe that we are getting to stability on that business with significant improvements in quality and customer service. And then in the beverage business, by the end of the fourth quarter, we should be in a situation where we can produce enough product to satisfy shelf stock and also promotion merchandising demands from customers. Today, we are selling what we make and we can only fulfill shelf stock although that capacity is getting better with the line that we just put into our own plant and then the co-packer will get us back to where we can actually supply. We have plans to start to amp up on the beverage business early in fiscal 2018. And we expect, with the right marketing and promotion program with customers, we will continue to see that business growth. And we are planning on growth for that business next year. From the profit side, we have invested seriously this year in quality, but yet, we do expect margin expansion from this business for a couple of reasons. First of all, as we have delved into the supply chain, we have been able to realize that we have got opportunities for productivity. And quite frankly, it’s a significant portion of the $150 million cost savings program that we have talked about before. And secondly, we expect margin expansion just from the fact that we will be growing the CPG higher margin business at a faster rate than the lower margin carrot business. So we should have some margin expansion due to mix shifts. So that’s how we are looking at it at this point. And of course, we will keep you posted along the way.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will just add to that, Bryan. I would say that our long-term margin target for C-Fresh is getting it to 10% and that’s going to take a few years. And I think we will make meaningful progress in 2018 against this. We have identified opportunities in procurement. We have identified opportunities in terms of integrating supply chain and we have identified longer term back office consolidation opportunities as well. So we have a pretty robust plan. We think we can get these margins back in the near-term and look to make progress next year on it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. I am just curious on the cookies side of things, there is obviously one of your biggest competitors is making some pretty interesting changes there, I am just curious – two parts to this question I guess, in the near-term, are you seeing any particularly aggressive pricing activity, promotional activity from any competitors out there in events of this change. And then secondly, I am just curious strategically how you would think about what you might want to do at the company to sort of take advantage of some of the transitions that are happening and I know it’s a little early to say exactly what will happen, but I am just trying to get a little sense of what management’s view and outlook is on the situation?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean the environment in biscuit continues to be competitive, just like the rest of the environment, but we are very pleased with the performance of our Pepperidge Farm and our Arnott’s business. I think the competitive situation you are talking about is in the United States. The program that we are running in the biscuit business is we are advertising our brands like Goldfish and Milano. We have increased innovation in all of our brands and with new innovation in Pepperidge Farm farmhouse cookies, which we are excited about. These cookies are clean label simple ingredients and thinner, crispy. They just provide a different experience. We have also upgraded our classic cookie line to respond to the fact that the market has moved in terms of quality and we need to maintain that edge. And then finally, we have a lot of confidence in our direct store delivery network in terms of their ability to merchandise and work the shelf in store. And we think that combination is serving us well and our business results are proving that out.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I would just add with respect to the DSD situation, obviously we are very aware of what’s happening. We are watching it. And we are developing specific plans of our own to take advantage of that situation.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Denise Morrison: Hi Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I had just a quick, I guess kind of higher level question to ask for Denise and this quarter, you got a bit more promotional, it seem like there were some certain areas of the business where you got more promotional, at the same time, private label has got a little bit more price competitive and retailers seem to be getting a bit more aggressive with private label we saw for example with broth division, I just want to get a sense of the promotional, I guess landscape generally, how you see that kind of trending in the fourth quarter and then the degree which private label is becoming a bigger threat in some of these categories?
Denise Morrison: Yes. Let me start first with the retailer landscape, which is really competitive and we have got value players and e-commerce putting pressure on more conventional retail grocery and mass channels. And in that environment, the amp-up of promotion and also the push on private label continues to be pretty robust. What we have actually done in terms of our promotional spend is we have spent on broth for the holiday this quarter and we experienced some lower lift. We have increased our support – our promotion support on V8 +Energy because that brand is really gaining a lot of momentum. And the rest of our promotional spending has been on Global Biscuits and Snacks and particularly in Asia Pacific biscuits, we have a strong promotional program there. And then finally, we did hold our in-season soup prices longer than prior year. And in an EDLP environment, that actually hits the promotion line. But I assure you that we are continuing to manage the depth and frequency of our promotional program while we remain competitive and we have to do that. And we will continue to make marketing investments accordingly.
Chris Growe: Okay. It seems private label gets more aggressive, obviously in broth that was the case, is it becoming a theme now across…?
Denise Morrison: And looking at our categories, most of them have – private label has been pretty much as it always has been, but we did experience an up-tick in soup and in particularly in the broth area.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning. Thanks Denise. I just wanted to follow-up, I guess on the same topic, as you are seeing this increased pressure from e-commerce and some of the discounters continuing to build momentum, I know these two things aren’t separate and distinct sort of investing in your products as opposed to your distribution platforms, but how does that impact your resource allocation as you think about how to direct investments between offerings and sort of internal resources that could facilitate a stronger presence in those channels and trying to accelerate that shift as opposed to putting near-term resources towards more traditional things innovation, merchandising, etcetera, that can help support your traditional retail partners and your categories, help support kind of return to growth in your categories in those channels?
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, suffice it to say that we have always run a multi-channel business and so this isn’t the first time that the retail landscape has morphed, although I have to say that I personally have called the shift to digital and e-commerce a seismic shift. So we are definitely making longer term plans to address that. But in the current term, e-commerce is about 4% of food sales and we are setting up resources to address that, but I can assure you that we still have very strong resources against our traditional partners.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Thanks Denise. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: Good morning guys.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for sliding me in. Two questions, first Anthony, a quick housekeeping item for you, just to get a little more comfort with the optics of the implied 20% EBIT growth in the fourth quarter, can you – could you quantify how big the size of the Bolthouse recall expense is going to be?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will just go back to what we said last year. Last year, gross margin was down 90 basis points and we said 70 basis points of that was Bolthouse Farms and 50 basis points was the recall more narrowly defined.
Jason English: Got it, that’s helpful. And then high order question for you Denise, you mentioned mix shift in terms of the AC&T spend that you have had against the business, I think we look industry wide, we have seen a pretty similar mix shift, the traditional pull day spend behind the A&C that rolls to SG&A has been shrinking industry wide for quite a few years now, more and more has moved into trade. And at the same time, volumes have become pretty challenged, private labels making more inroads. You are now seeing the deflationary impact kind of roll through your P&L and pressure margins as well. And you are not alone on that. But it all begs the question of is this the right move, the right shift or has the industry perhaps gone too far? Should we be pivoting back and putting more back into the traditional pull-based marketing, if you could weigh in with your high order or high level thoughts on that? Appreciate it.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean, it’s a great question and we really have to look at the marketing mix by brand and what the brands’ objective is and how they are targeting, because under the A), there has also been a lot of movement away from classic TV and print and into digital, which creates a whole different kind of marketing, content development and a lot of efficiencies there. And we are still all getting better at how we measure effectiveness. But I also think in the, A), with the cost savings programs we have been running, we have been doing lots of deep dives into what’s working media, what’s not working media and how do we make sure we are moving more of our dollars to work harder for us. So, that’s the high level answer on A. Of course, we are watching some of the shift to T, where we have got a very robust revenue management analytics group that supports our marketing and our sales force. They are looking at net price realization, because it’s not only list price. It’s also EDLP. It’s also promoted price points. And so those vary by brand, but they are all tucked into the T part of ACT. And then finally, we are also seeing a bit of an uptick in shopper marketing and that’s involved in that T as well. So, again, I think it’s really hard to give you a one-size-fits-all answer, but this is a hypercompetitive marketplace and you have got to be agile in terms of how you run the business to make sure that we are remaining competitive. And we are proud of the fact that despite the difficult environment we have been able to maintain our market share across 75% of our business.
Jason English: Thanks a lot. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Alexia.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Alexia.
Operator: Alexia, your line is now open. Please check your mute button. And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open.
Denise Morrison: Hello, David.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning. I had just a quick follow-up on the quarter and then a question about C-Fresh. So if the quarter turned out worse than you expected, I just don’t think I am clear on why you are raising the bottom end of your EPS guidance. I know it’s just a small change, but it just wasn’t clear to me what got better that made you wanted to raise that bottom end. If you could start there and then I had a quick one on C-Fresh.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think the quick answer to that is we weren’t near the low end of those earnings ranges before the quarter. So we are just with one quarter to go, we thought it was prudent to tighten them up a bit. And again, we were already above the low end before.
David Driscoll: Okay, that’s fine. And then on C-Fresh, was the revenue guidance reduction in significant part related to underperformance of C-Fresh revenues in the quarter? And if that’s true, can you just talk a little bit more about your confidence in why this business can get back on track? I mean, have you lost shelf space for the CPG beverages? What’s the consumer impression of the brand given the difficulties that it had? I feel like the quarter didn’t come out as you had hoped and I am just concerned that, that has implications on C-Fresh going forward?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I will take the first part. The revenue guidance reduction does not stem from changes in C-Fresh. It’s related to the performance of our shelf stable businesses in the U.S.
Denise Morrison: And I will take the second part. David, recall that we put a new leadership team into C-Fresh earlier this year and their mandate was to conduct a deep dive strategic review of the business. And we even retained help to do that so that we make sure that we had a real objective look and we were not talking to ourselves. And so this team did an exhaustive review of the categories, the opportunities, the potential for the business as we have got our capacity back up. We looked at both the CPG businesses. We have really looked at the beverage business and then we also looked at the farms business. And they came back confirming the potential of the business to deliver growth in excess of our long-term targets and at multiples of center-store categories. So we will be running that play. That is a 3-year strategic plan that they created and that will go into the next year’s operating plan. So we really took this opportunity in a tough situation to go all the way back to go and say, what did we assume when we bought this business and are those assumptions still valid, and how do you see the potential of this business. And quite frankly, with the consumers’ shifts to fresh, we think that going forward we are going to be in good position to capitalize on that shift.
David Driscoll: That’s helpful. Thank you. I will pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. Hello. I just had a bit of a general question on Pepperidge Farm in the U.S. and the distribution model that you use there [indiscernible], it seems like Pepperidge obviously is one of your stronger brands and continues to do well innovation, given I understand the category has always remained competitive, but if you kind of view that distribution model for the time being at least as the competitive advantage, then why haven’t you and why wouldn’t you consider placing more products on those routes to essentially push more into smaller stores and faster growing channels, etcetera, rather than just constrain it under current brands? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: Yes. You look – we run three different kinds of supply chain here. We run a warehouse supply chain. We run a fresh supply chain. And then in Pepperidge Farm, as you indicate, we run an independent distribution system through DSD. These distributors are entrepreneurs and they have built a great business. In the snacks business, you do see a portion of the business in warehouse snacks, but you also see a large portion of the snacks business, whether it be sweet, savory or salty in DSD. So we still believe in the model for this category and the operations part of it calls for a very focused category distribution. That’s where you can get the maximum effectiveness and efficiency. In fact, we have two separate DSD networks, one for bakery and one for snacks, because of that reason. And we do believe that DSD also helps with the quality of the product and making sure that we are working the shelves every day.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would just add that in terms of the latter part of your question, we don’t feel that we are constrained by just Pepperidge Farm products. We do think we have the velocity and the volume to push into the smaller stores and push into the growing channels. We continually look at the system. Sometimes, we split routes to make them smaller to enable that kind of enhanced distribution. But again, we don’t think we are constraining our growth.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just quickly, fresh bakery, you have called out some, I think increased competitive pressure, just simple drivers as to what’s going on there? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: The fresh bakery, we have been under pressure with Swirl bread and sandwich bread. We have now increased the quality and reformulated our Swirl bread and we are out with new sandwich bread offerings. So we believe we have responded to that. And our buns and roll business seem – continues to be really robust and we will be continuing to push that one. So bakery was down slightly.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. When I look at this Q4 margin at the midpoint, midpoint to midpoint it’s like 17.8%, which would be the record by as far as I know, forever, for the last 10 years. And typically there is a seasonality in this business that makes this one of the lower margin quarter. So on the things I don’t think it doesn’t seem like at least over the past few years that much has changed in terms of the seasonality of margins. So are the things you are doing here in the fourth quarter indicative of structural progress in margin going forward? And if you could comment about how that breaks down? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Jonathan, I would say no, is the short answer. I think what happens as you get into our fourth quarter, which is relatively small. So any changes that we make, has kind of exacerbated at the margin. But as we look at it and look, we have always expected a robust fourth quarter and there are several key drivers. One is the significant expansion in gross margin. We are lapping a 90 basis point decline last year, most of which was driven by Bolthouse. We will benefit from incremental cost savings coming through our supply chain as well as our ongoing productivity program which has been performing really, really well. As Denise mentioned, we are cycling a very high level of marketing investment. And I think it went up about 150 basis points last year. We will return to more kind of normal levels. And lastly, our GBS business had a really strong third quarter. We anticipate it will have another strong quarter in the fourth. So, if you look at all those factors together, we are pretty confident in our guidance.
Jonathan Feeney: So just to follow-up on that, Anthony, everything but the GBS – those are like relative changes year-over-year, but I completely get that it’s a big move year-over-year. But in the absolute, all of those things are things that would presumably persist into fiscal ‘18. So global baking and snacking, we don’t know what the trends are going to be going into fiscal ‘18. So, it’s probably like it sounds like a lot of this is structural progress productivity in the business and maybe partially held back by C-Fresh productivity.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think just a good way to look at it. If you go back to last year, I mean, our fourth quarter was very weak and we had a great year in terms of generating cost savings. So I think our fourth quarter last year didn’t really reflect many of the things that we have been working on and those are going to come through this year.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Denise, I would like to come back to C-Fresh for a minute and specifically on the carrot side. I think it was about 2 years ago where there was a bit of optimism that you would be able to enhance some of the growth in margins by moving more into snacking and convenience. I think one of the products you were testing was called shakedowns. But more recently, we haven’t really heard a lot about that push. So I am curious, with this new management team coming in, will those opportunities still exist and kind of how you are thinking about those options?
Denise Morrison: Yes. Just to specifically answer your question in shakedowns, we actually have shakedowns in a couple of the school systems in the country. We have moved those more out of retail and into working with schools to give kids healthier snacks. In terms of the new management team coming in, their first and foremost objective is now that we have got our quality and our customer service back is to make sure that we are shoring up our business with customers and making sure customers are happy. In addition to that, we will innovate some things in carrots. For example, one of the things they have are rainbow carrots where we have been able to grow different colored carrots. So, we are working with those in a few retailers. But I think suffice it to say that most of the innovation will happen in the CPG business. That’s where we really are pushing innovation, but we will do enough in carrots to make sure that we are keeping that business stable to modestly growing.
John Baumgartner: And then just as a follow-up. In that CPG business, especially on the beverages side, it feels as though that shelf space is becoming a lot more competitive with a lot of new entries in there. Can you just speak a little bit to the competitive dynamics that you are seeing in the refrigerated shelf?
Denise Morrison: I am not sure I understood your question. What business were you talking about?
John Baumgartner: On the refrigerated beverages side, just seeing a lot of new brands popping up in the category?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think the refrigerated beverage business is very competitive and we have seen – the advent of ultra-premium juice, the fermented juices coming or fermented beverages coming in, but we do believe we have a great product and we have a range of across super premium and premium juice. We have been again strapped, because we haven’t had the supply and the capacity to meet that increased demand. So next year, we will be running a full play.
John Baumgartner: Good. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gosnell for any closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks everyone for joining.
Denise Morrison: Thank you.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks everyone for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about 2 hours after the call by going online or calling 1404-537-3406. The access code is 6692640. You have until June 2, 2017 at midnight, at which point it will move strictly to the website. If you have further questions, please call to me, Ken Gosnell at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at 856-342-3737. And that’s it for today. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-02-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Gosnell - Campbell Soup Co. Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co. Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over Ken Gosnell, Vice President-Finance Strategy & Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Gosnell - Campbell Soup Co.: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2017. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. One final item before we begin our discussion of the quarter, I'd like to cordially invite our interested shareholders, investors and members of the media and consumers to listen to and view our Investor Presentation at CAGNY, which will be video webcast live on Wednesday, February 22, at 10:30 a.m. from Boca Raton. A replay of the video and copies of the materials will also be available afterward on our website. If you are attending the event, there will be a Campbell-sponsored luncheon immediately after our presentation. And, with that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today I'll share my perspective on our performance in the quarter and provide my view on our progress across each of our three divisions. Anthony will follow with a detailed financial review. Let's be real. I am not satisfied with our overall sales performance in the quarter. Organic sales declined 2%, with the most prominent declines in Campbell Fresh and V8 shelf-stable beverages. Additionally, in the Campbell Fresh segment, we recorded non-cash impairment charges related to the carrot and carrot ingredient and Garden Fresh Gourmet reporting units. Anthony will walk you through additional details during his comments. There were some bright spots in the quarter, such as growth in U.S. soup, simple meals, Pepperidge Farm snacks, and fresh soup. Our adjusted gross margin increased 70 basis points, all of which was achieved by Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Another positive result was the over-delivery of our cost-savings initiatives. As we announced this morning, we now expect to achieve our cost-savings target a year ahead of schedule. Based on the success of the program to-date and the identification of additional savings opportunities, we're raising our cost-savings target from $300 million by the end of fiscal 2018 to $450 million by the end of fiscal 2020. Looking at the first half, organic sales declined 1%, adjusted EBIT was comparable to a year ago, and adjusted earnings per share increased 5%. With the expectation of improved sales performance in the second half of the year, we reaffirmed our full-year guidance this morning. Now let me offer my perspective on the performance of each of our three divisions in the quarter. Let's start with the Campbell Fresh division. The CPG segment of C-Fresh includes Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressings, Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa, hummus, dips and chips and fresh soups. The Farms portion of the portfolio includes carrots and carrot ingredients. The division's performance was below our expectations this quarter. C-Fresh is an important strategic business for Campbell, and we remain confident in the growth potential of the packaged fresh category, as consumer preferences continue to shift towards fresher and healthier foods. In fact, nearly 80% of consumers, including younger ones, are trying to eat more fresh foods. These consumers not only believe that fresh foods are cleaner, healthier and less processed, but that they also taste better. We acquired two packaged fresh businesses: Bolthouse Farms and Garden Fresh Gourmet with brands that resonate with consumers as a way to develop a long-term growth platform in packaged fresh CPG. The perimeter categories in which we compete are still growing significantly faster than the traditional center-store. While category growth rates have slowed somewhat, we still believe we can build a profitable growth business, leveraging these brands, capabilities, and our scale. However, our performance over the last year in fresh has been disappointing. The reasons vary by business, which I'll explain in more detail in a minute. We've made a number of changes to address this. Most notably, we replaced the leadership team and appointed a long-time Campbell executive Ed Carolan as the President of C-Fresh in November. I'm confident in this new seasoned leadership team, which includes Campbell executives, some newcomers to the company, and key members of the Bolthouse Farms team who possess CPG and agriculture experience as well as insight into both the operations and the entrepreneurial culture of the organization. It's taking longer than we originally expected to regain carrot customers following last year's quality and customer service issues and to rebuild capacity following the Protein PLUS beverage recall. As a result, we no longer expect C-Fresh to grow this fiscal year. Over the last quarter, our new team has conducted an extensive strategic review to assess the potential of this business going forward. This has helped us update our expectations about future growth based on the fresh categories in which we compete and is leading to a sharpened strategy. As a result of this work and our current-year performance, we've lowered our expectations for both long-term sales and earnings. We've learned some tough lessons over the last several quarters and we're applying them. As a first step, we started to integrate the supply chain to reengineer the fresh operating model. We're building a stronger foundation under the Campbell Fresh business, leveraging Campbell's scale and expertise, realizing synergies, and building capacity and capabilities in order to return it to profitable growth. Let me now take each piece of the business individually and explain. Let's start with farms and specifically the carrot business. After experiencing quality issues last year due to execution and poor weather conditions in California, we've restored our carrot quality. We've demonstrated this improved quality to customers and are working hard to earn back the lost business over time. Our previous assumptions were too aggressive and regaining share is turning out to be more difficult than planned. In the current quarter, our carrot business faced additional challenges, again related to the weather. In California, rainfall in December and January was significantly higher than normal. This hampered our ability to harvest fields and lowered our yields on the carrots we did harvest. This negatively impacted both sales and earnings in the quarter. Now let's turn to beverages. Last June, we voluntarily recalled our Protein PLUS beverages for quality reasons. At that time, we had a 47% market share of the protein segment and Protein PLUS was one of our strongest performing SKUs. The good news is that consumers are seeking out protein products and our Protein PLUS consumer is a loyal shopper. As previously discussed, we implemented enhanced processes to improve the quality standards, resulting in fabulous product quality, albeit at reduced run times. Since then, we've steadily improved but have not returned to pre-recall production levels. We've added an additional beverage line in our Bakersfield plant that we expect to be fully operational in April. As we discussed last quarter, we're seeking additional ways to increase capacity. We've had challenges in finding co-packers that meet our quality standards, but we've recently qualified a co-packer and expect to be significantly expanding our capacity by the summer. We're able to fulfill shelf-stock and service levels back to the high 90s. In addition, we're seeing increases in velocity each period as we regain distribution. While we're selling everything we make, we have insufficient capacity to fulfill merchandising demand across the full range of our beverages. Our plan is to re-launch Protein PLUS merchandising in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 when we expect to have sufficient supply. Due to our continued capacity constraints, we don't expect our beverage business to return to growth until the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, we remain focused on driving innovation across the Bolthouse Farms CPG range, including dressings, spreads, and super-premium and ultra-premium beverages. We recently extended our salad dressing line with a range of four new organic varieties. We also launched a test of Bolthouse Farms MAIO, a new line of refrigerated yogurt-based spreads made with clean ingredients and fewer calories than mayonnaise. Later this year, we plan to expand our line of 1915 by Bolthouse Farms organic, cold-pressed juice and launched Bolthouse Farms Plant Protein Milk, a higher protein alternative to almond milk. Customer response to this new product has been very positive. Now, turning to Garden Fresh Gourmet. As a reminder, the business has four product groups: salsa, which is over half of the business; hummus, dips and chips; and fresh soup. The business offers a combination of branded and private-label products. The traits that made Garden Fresh Gourmet an attractive acquisition target, a small authentic brand with a compelling story have also presented some obstacles. When we acquired it in June 2015, Garden Fresh Gourmet was a small operation with approximately $100 million in revenue and very little infrastructure. The integration into the Bolthouse Farms fresh platform proved to be challenging. The truth is, we expected more, faster in multiple areas of this business, including financial systems, information technology, and supply chain integration, as well as increased marketplace distribution. Let me explain the issues we've encountered and what we're doing to fix them. Garden Fresh Gourmet branded salsa is growing strongly in consumption, and we've regained a major customer beginning January 2017. Private-label salsa is below expectations due to lost distribution with two customers. We've recently regained one of these customers and active negotiations are underway with the second. Throughout its short history, Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa was largely a Midwestern brand. Our plan called for the rapid distribution expansion of branded salsa beyond the Midwest. However, it became apparent that we did not have the differentiated recipes and taste profiles that would be accepted by consumers in other parts of the country. We now have the recipes to pursue expanded distribution. In January, we launched branded Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa in new packaging with new regional recipes. We're focused on key distribution and velocity-building initiatives. For example, in January, we gained national distribution for new branded organic salsa with a major customer. Today, our ACV distribution of Garden Fresh branded salsa is only 37%, so we have a lot of runway to match the 70% ACV levels of our other C-Fresh CPG brands. We're optimistic that we can get there with delicious high-quality ingredients, product and packaging innovation, improved marketing and sales support, and expansion into organic and regional flavors. I do want to take a moment to highlight a positive result in the division. We've made significant gains in our fresh soup business, which continues to grow at high single-digits, driven by both private label and branded soup. We recently introduced a new Garden Fresh Gourmet soup, which has been well received by customers and initial velocity is encouraging. We're also testing Souplicity, a new artisanal cold-pressed soup. We continue to expect to grow the Garden Fresh Gourmet business profitably, but it will take longer than we originally planned. Overall, we've learned several important lessons from these two packaged fresh acquisitions and we're applying them going forward. First, establishing a leadership team with diverse skills and experience early on is critical. Our new team combines the talents and capabilities of Campbell and Bolthouse leaders. They're actively integrating C-Fresh into Campbell and taking advantage of our full suite of resources. We're now blending the best of small while also benefiting from the best of big. Second, fresh food is more perishable and, therefore, more fragile. At Campbell, we're obsessed with safety and quality. We put safety above all else because if we don't, nothing else matters. Meeting Campbell's quality standards in C-Fresh required significant investment and the right resources. Third, there's no roof over the carrot fields. We've experienced everything from severe drought to record rainfall. This business has been much more volatile than expected. We've set up more diversified growing regions, but we have more to do to strengthen our agricultural operations. Fourth, the fresh supply chain presents an opportunity for productivity improvement and optimization. We believe we can and will drive margin improvement in these businesses over time. Finally, we have both the ability and the desire to build strong brands and drive growth in response to increasing consumer demand for fresh foods. To recap, we're facing some challenges in C-Fresh beyond what we originally realized. Our new leadership team is making progress in addressing them. To be clear, we remain committed to the packaged fresh category and to M&A in the fresh space as we build this growth platform. Now let's turn to Global Biscuits and Snacks. As a reminder, this division includes our Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's, and Kelsen businesses. The organic sales decline in the division was mainly a result of the performance of Kelsen and our decision to forego some less-profitable business for the large U.S. customer. Additionally, the depreciation of the Chinese RMB negatively impacted our sales in China. Stepping back and looking at the underlying trends in Kelsen, China, we feel good about our execution during the important Chinese New Year period. As we've discussed previously, we've been working to expand our distribution capabilities in China, and we've been adding new sub-distributors to extend our reach. Our sell-in for Chinese New Year went according to plan and promotion displays were consistently strong across all store formats. We're still awaiting consumer takeaway. Turning to the U.S., Pepperidge Farm delivered modest sales growth behind the continued strong performance of Goldfish crackers as well as cookies, especially the Milano brand. Goldfish growth benefited from channel gains, leveraging multiple pack sizes and innovative new products. Goldfish made with organic wheat is also attracting new millennial families to the brand. However, our fresh bakery sales declined as a result of intensified competitive activity, especially in the sandwich bread category. As a reminder, we're cycling double-digit operating earnings growth this quarter, and we expect a strong back half as this division delivers both sales and margin growth. Looking ahead, we're focused on driving continued growth in Goldfish and increasing innovation in cookies, especially the upcoming launch of our new farmhouse line in April. These cookies leverage Pepperidge Farm's baking heritage and deliver against our Real Food Philosophy with great taste and simple ingredients. We'll also continue to build the national rollout of Tim Tam biscuits in the U.S. following its recent launch in January. Rounding out the portfolio is our largest division, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. I'm encouraged by the sales gains in soup and simple meals. However, this was offset by the lackluster performance of V8 shelf-stable beverages. I continue to be pleased with the Americas gross margin expansion, driven by the performance of our supply chain team. Once again, the division delivered strong operating earnings growth of plus 8%. Our U.S. soup business grew in the quarter. I'm especially pleased with our ready-to-serve brands. Sales increased double-digits in ready-to-serve. Chunky continued to lead the way behind our improved execution and strong integrated marketing that fully leveraged our NFL sponsorship. We're also delighted with the launch of our new Well Yes! clean label soup, which hit shelves in December. Retailer acceptance has been exceptional, with ACV already around 75% and most customers taking all nine varieties. We activated our marketing plans in January and the initial consumer response has been positive. It's early days, but we feel good about our overall execution and how we got out of the starting blocks with this brand. Sales declines in our broth business were as a result of increased competitive activity, mainly from private label offerings. As discussed last quarter, we had strong holiday merchandising plans for our broth business, and we were pleased with the execution of that program. However, we did not achieve the consumer takeaway that we expected as a result of an extremely competitive holiday period. In the short term, we will be sharpening our promotional activity and marketing message to drive improved performance in the back half of the year while we continue to develop longer-term plans to improve our competitiveness and differentiation in this important category. Looking ahead on U.S. soup, we have robust marketing plans in the third quarter and we continue to expect to deliver modest growth in soup this fiscal year. The shelf-stable beverage category remained sluggish and our portfolio continues to be challenged. As I previously stated, V8 will not grow this year. Let me reframe the conversation to provide a little more context. In the quarter, consumption grew in two-thirds of our business: V8 100% Vegetable Juice, Veggie Blends and our V8 + ENERGY franchise. All of them are on trend and leverage our heritage in vegetable nutrition. Importantly, we continue to see improved consumption trends in V8 100% Vegetable Juice, following our increased marketing support. The remaining one-third of the portfolio consisting of V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash is declining, partly due to category-wide consumer concerns about sugar. Despite the overall sales declines, the business continues to focus on productivity initiatives, which are contributing to the overall gross margin expansion in the division. Big picture, the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage division continues to be on track to deliver modest sales growth and margin expansion. In closing, I want to stress again that I am not satisfied with our overall sales results this quarter. I own it, and we have plans in place to improve our performance in the second half, deliver our cost savings, invest back in our business, and deliver our full-year guidance. It's really important to keep sight of the long-term progress we've made in transforming this company in a difficult operating environment: our continued gross margin expansion, how we strengthened our core business while expanding into faster-growing spaces, the investments we're making in real food as a result of our purpose, how we've diversified our portfolio with innovation and acquisitions, and a leaner more agile and more cost-effective company we've become as a result of our successful cost-savings initiative, I look forward to seeing many of you next week at CAGNY where we will focus on Campbell's long-term strategic growth platforms. Now let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before reviewing our results, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter. We are disappointed with our sales performance. Declines in C-Fresh and V8 were the primary drivers. On the positive side, we grew U.S. soup sales and Pepperidge Farm snacks had a strong quarter. Sales results were below our expectations, primarily due to C-Fresh, as the recovery on beverages and carrots is taking longer than previously anticipated, with the additional impact of heavy rains in the quarter, which had a 40 basis point negative impact on adjusted gross margin. Sales and earnings in Garden Fresh Gourmet also declined. And as Denise mentioned, we recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $0.58 per share in our GAAP results related to our Campbell Fresh segment. Despite the negative impact from C-Fresh, I'm pleased with our overall adjusted gross margin performance, which was up 70 basis points. We're increasing our cost-savings estimate for 2017 to $85 million, which will put us at our targeted $300 million by the end of fiscal 2017, a year earlier than anticipated. Based on the overall success of the program and the identification of additional savings opportunities, we are increasing our cost-savings target to $450 million by the end of fiscal 2020. While adjusted EPS increased to $0.91 in the quarter, we recognize that the increase is due to a decline in our adjusted tax rate. We're also wrapping a very strong second quarter last year, in which adjusted EPS increased 23%. Lastly, with the increased cost savings and lower cost inflation offsetting incremental marketing investment and lower earnings in C-Fresh, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2017 guidance. Now I'll review our results in more detail. For the second quarter, net sales on an as-reported basis declined by 1% to $2.171 billion. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, organic net sales declined 2%, driven by lower volume and higher promotional spending. And as I said earlier, the majority of this decline is driven by lower volumes in Campbell Fresh and our V8 juice business. Adjusted EBIT declined 1% to $417 million, reflecting the impact of lower sales and higher marketing and selling expenses, partly offset by a higher adjusted gross margin percentage. Benefiting from a lower tax rate, adjusted EPS increased 5% or $0.04 to $0.91 per share. For the first half, as-reported and organic net sales both declined by 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT was comparable to prior year and adjusted EPS of $1.92 was up 5%. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter, organic sales declined 2%, driven by a 1 point decline from volume and mix, driven primarily by Campbell Fresh and a 1 point decline from higher promotional spending. In Americas Simple Meals and beverages, promotional spending rates were up on Swanson broth, V8 and in Canada to hold promoter prices following our list price increase. Promotional spending is also up in our Arnott's business in the Asia-Pacific region. Although it rounds to zero on the chart, we did have a slightly positive impact from currency translation, principally the Australian dollar, bringing the change in our as-reported sales to minus 1%. Our adjusted gross margin increased 70 basis points in the quarter. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 80 basis points. On a rate basis, cost inflation was about 1%, and in Campbell Fresh, increased costs reflect the impact of heavy rains on carrot yields, lower beverage operating efficiencies, and the overall impact of lower volumes. These negative drivers were partly offset by the benefits from our cost-savings initiatives. Increased promotional spending had a negative impact of 60 basis points, reflecting the drivers I previously discussed. List price increases had a slightly positive impact of 10 basis points, driven primarily by list price actions taken by our retail business in Canada. Mix was slightly favorable, adding 20 basis points, reflecting the sales decline in our lower margin C-Fresh segment. Lastly, our supply chain productivity programs, which are incremental to our cost-savings program, contributed 180 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. All in, our gross margin percentage increased 70 basis points to 38%. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 5% in the quarter, primarily due to higher advertising and consumer promotion expenses as we reinvest in our brands. The increase in advertising was primarily driven by our investment to support the launch of Well Yes! soups and higher levels of support on V8 juices and Prego pasta sauce. Adjusted administrative expenses declined 3%, reflecting lower incentive compensation compared to the year-ago quarter, partly offset by higher benefit-related costs and investments in long-term innovations. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.04 from $0.87 in the prior-year quarter to $0.91 per share in the current quarter. On a currency neutral basis, decreases in adjusted EBIT had a $0.02 impact on EPS. Share repurchases lowered our share count, adding a penny benefit. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter decreased by 3.8 points to 27.8%, contributing $0.05 to EPS growth. We benefited from a favorable timing impact related to the impairment charge. This will reverse in the second half and bring us to our forecasted full-year adjusted tax rate, which remains at approximately 32%. Interest was comparable to the prior year as the impact of higher rate was offset by a lower debt level. Currency translation also had no impact on EPS, completing the bridge to $0.91 per share. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales fell 1% to $1.231 billion, as declines in V8 beverages were mostly offset by gains in soup, Prego pasta sauces, and Plum products. Sales of U.S. soups increased 1%, reflecting double-digit gains in ready-to-serve soups, driven by growth in Chunky and the launch of Well Yes!, mostly offset by declines in broth and condensed soups. The strong performance in Chunky reflects our improved execution, including better advertising and successful new items. The launch of Well Yes! is progressing well with strong customer acceptance and supported with a robust marketing plan. Operating earnings increased 8%, driven by a higher gross margin percentage, which benefited from supply chain productivity improvements, partly offset by increased advertising and consumer promotion expenses. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending January 29, 2017, the category as a whole declined 1.2%. Our sales in measured channels declined 1%. Campbell had a 58.8% market share for the 52-week period with a share gain of 10 basis points. Private label grew share by 70 basis points, finishing at 13.5%. All other branded players collectively had a share of about 28%, declining 80 basis points. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales decreased 1%, driven by declines in Kelsen in the U.S. and Arnott's biscuits, partly offset by gains in Pepperidge Farm. Pepperidge Farm sales increased as growth in crackers, primarily Goldfish, and cookies was partly offset by declines in fresh bakery and frozen products. Operating earnings declined 4% to $135 million, reflecting a lower gross margin percentage as higher promotional spending and supply chain costs were partly offset by productivity improvements. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales declined 8%, driven by lower sales of carrots, Bolthouse Farms beverages, and Garden Fresh Gourmet, partly offset by gains in refrigerated soups. Operating earnings declined by $24 million to a loss of $3 million, reflecting higher carrot and beverage production costs as well as from lower sales volumes. As Denise mentioned, the recovery from both the market share losses on carrots and the beverage capacity constraints will take longer than originally anticipated. The performance of Garden Fresh Gourmet is also short of expectations. We now expect that for the full year, segment sales and earnings will decline in 2017. The performance of Campbell Fresh is below our previous expectations. We have a new management team in place and they undertook a strategic review, which informed our future plans and expectations for growth. Based on current performance and lower forecasted sales and earnings growth, we recognized non-cash impairment charges of $0.45 per share on the carrots and ingredients business and $0.13 per share on Garden Fresh Gourmet. The other two reporting units in this segment: Bolthouse Farms CPG, which includes beverages and salad dressings, and the fresh soup units, were not affected. Cash flow from operations was $667 million compared to $754 million generated in the first half of last year. The lower level of cash flow generated reflects higher working capital requirements, primarily driven by changes in accrued liabilities related to taxes and incentive compensation. Capital expenditures declined $34 million to $119 million. We have lowered our CapEx forecast by $25 million to approximately $325 million for fiscal 2017. The reduction is primarily related to the timing on project in Global Biscuits and Snacks. We paid dividends totaling $207 million, reflecting our increased quarterly dividend rate of $0.35 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $234 million of shares, $200 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program, as we've increased our level of share repurchases. The balance was made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt declined by $357 million compared to year-ago levels as cash from operations over the last four quarters was well in excess of capital expenditures, dividends, and share repurchases. We are very pleased with the progress made on our cost-savings program. With our new forecast for incremental savings of $85 million in 2017, we now expect to reach our $300 million target by the end of this fiscal year. We have generated savings by reducing layers of management and increasing spends of control. We have changed our operating model by creating an integrated global services organization and we're implementing a comprehensive zero-based budgeting process, which is delivering savings across many simple and more complex cost categories. While our current initiatives would generate in excess of $300 million in savings, we believe there are additional areas of opportunity, which in aggregate will get us to our new target of $450 million. First, we will look for opportunities to further optimize our supply chain network, primarily in North America. Second, we will continue to evolve our operating model to drive efficiencies and focus resources on our most significant growth opportunities. And, lastly, we will more fully integrate our recent acquisitions to generate cost synergies and improve our effectiveness by leveraging both our enterprise scale and capabilities. Now, I'll review our 2017 guidance, which remains unchanged from what we first announced last September. We expect sales to grow by zero to 1%, adjusted EBIT to grow by 1% to 4%, and adjusted EPS to grow by 2% to 5%. This guidance assumes, based on current exchange rates, that the impact from currency translation will be nominal. On our cost-savings program, we now project full-year savings of approximately $85 million compared to our prior forecast of $50 million. Additional cost savings and lower than expected cost inflation about 1.5% compared to the prior forecast of about 2% are offsetting incremental investments in marketing and the softness in Campbell Fresh. We expect our adjusted gross margin percentage to end the year at about 38%, almost a point better than last year. Our EPS guidance reflects an effective tax rate of approximately 32%, which is unchanged, and the favorable impact of anticipated share repurchases over the course of the year. In terms of timing, we expect the majority of our year-to-go earnings growth to come in the fourth quarter. That concludes my remarks and now I'll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Kenneth Gosnell - Campbell Soup Co.: Okay. Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Candice?
Operator: And our first question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, and thanks for the question. One of your competitors in biscuits, obviously, made a fairly major announcement last week. Does that announcement in any way, in terms of distribution, make you rethink your distribution, or is it sort of full steam ahead? Pepperidge has an incredible, obviously, DSD system setup. Just curious if that made you guys go back, rethink things in any way or if it's too early to tell? Any help there would be very appreciated.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. I'll take that one. Thanks, Ken. We're very pleased with the performance of Pepperidge Farm. We've had, particularly in the snacks business, some really good growth. And our distribution system – DSD distribution system is different, in that it is a network of independent contractors, so that's really how we've assessed it.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. So, is the takeaway then that because it's different and because you're pleased with it, we on the outside should interpret it as it's unlikely to see major changes at any point in the near term?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. I mean, we're continuing to run our play.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Denise.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to ask you in relation to the soup business, the Well Yes! soup product looks to be doing quite well and you had some pipeline fill in the quarter. But did that have an effect on soup sales in the quarter? And if I can ask related to that with the Well Yes! launch, did we see marketing spending go up in relation to that product in the quarter and should we expect that going forward in the second half of the year?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah, a couple of things. So, it's a good question. So the impact of Well Yes! on soup sales in the quarter was about 2 points, so it didn't have a benefit to our net sales number. And as you can imagine, most of that is, obviously, in retail inventory, some did pull through, but not a lot. But as we look at the total inventory on soup, there has been some reduction in other areas. So when you put it all together, changes in retailer inventories in soup did not have an impact on our overall soup sales results in the quarter, but there was some puts and takes in there.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. We're very happy with the introduction of Well Yes! There were great retail support, 75% ACV distribution, displays everywhere, but we won't get a read on the consumer takeaway really until this quarter.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: To your second question, this is going to be supported with a fairly comprehensive and robust marketing program, so you can expect, obviously, an increase in marketing behind this in the third quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, just a question about the prospective cost-savings going forward and, I guess, as you're thinking about balancing how much reinvestment versus how much you'll use to sort of support earnings growth, not trying to get you to be specific in terms of earnings targets in the out year, but just can you sort of maybe give us some color in terms of how you might be thinking about that balance going forward with this new savings versus maybe the way you approached the $300 million you've achieved so far?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. I think, Bryan, the way to think about it is against the incremental $150 million, probably about half will go back in terms of reinvestment, so we've talked about the support before. We need to increase the support behind some of our key brands. We need to continue to support new product launches like we're doing with Well Yes! and Prego's Farmers' Market and Tim Tam's in the U.S. and Goldfish with the organic wheat. So we need to continue to do that. We'll continue to invest behind our real food initiatives, removing artificial colors and ingredients, removing BPA for our can liners. We'll also continue to invest in longer-term innovation, things like Habit and the Acre Venture Fund and we'll look to make investments to improve our capabilities in areas like digital and eCommerce. So we have a fairly well-balanced plan in terms of what to do with those cost savings.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Quick question on C-Fresh. As your commentary was that it seems you're going to be sort of further integrating that division to take advantage, I guess, of the broader scale and scope and capabilities of the larger Campbell organization. And, I guess, my question is, we've all seen I think a lot of examples over time, whether it be the Kashis of the world where the larger company sort of brings the smaller, more entrepreneurial growthier entity sort of in a bigger way into the sort of the more of the mainstream organization. And, I guess, we've seen a number of examples where that's led maybe those more entrepreneurial businesses to maybe lose some of that sort of progressive nutrition swagger or some of what made them special and growthier in the first place. So, I mean, I was just trying to get a sense, it's a little broad but, I guess, how do you guard against taking advantage of what the organization can bring to that and not lose what it is that you bought in those businesses to begin with.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Andrew, it is a key question. And when I talk about getting the best of small and the best of big, I'm really serious about what we have done is really delineated those parts of the business that really need to be separate and differentiated for the consumer and the customer, and that's all of the marketing and the R&D and insights. And we have this model that we've used very successfully with our Plum organic baby food business by keeping those parts of the business separate that maintains that entrepreneurial culture. However, being able to leverage the scale of Campbell's, particularly in areas of the supply chain and in operations where we have resources that can be used to make them much more effective and efficient and even more important achieve scale, because these are typically smaller companies that need the chassis to increase scale in the marketplace. So we've done this very successfully with Plum and Kelsen. We have not done it with the Campbell Fresh business. And so, the situation that we found ourselves in in the last year, we've been able to insert Campbell executives on the leadership team working in conjunction with Bolthouse Farms executives to maintain that best of small and best of big. So we're really optimistic and we're finding some really great opportunities to put a stronger foundation under the business.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thanks for that. And look forward to seeing you next week.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. See you next week.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. I noticed on the opening remarks that you mentioned competitive pressure more often than usual, I would think. It was definitely in fresh bakery and in broth. And my view going into this year was that the food companies would cut costs and focus on price realization and try to avoid deep discounting. Do you see any of that kind of price discipline changing around you in your categories, or do you think it's just kind of a pretty typical year in terms of promotional activity?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. I think the activity definitely varies by category. And what we've seen in the fresh bakery business is competition in the area of sandwich bread and Swirl bread. We've recently reformulated our Swirl bread and we're out there now with a much-improved product. So that was a very specific situation. In fresh bakery business, our buns and rolls business continues to rock, so we believe we're all over the issue there. And then in broth, it was really more of a proliferation of private label during the holiday and that produced more price competition and we have responded with increased marketing and actual trade spending to hold our own in that category. So those were two very specific things that we faced.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Can I ask a follow-up to Ken Goldman's question actually? I think what he was kind of getting at is have you ever considered a model where you go to direct-to-customer shipments through warehouses rather than DSD, not so much using – whether you use independent routes. Is that a big savings or is it even possible in Pepperidge Farm?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. We've been pleased with the DSD system. The independent contractors, what they bring to the business in terms of selling and merchandising and delivery, it's a quality product. It's perishable, so breakage could be an issue. I think when you consider all of it, we're pleased with our DSD system.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, David.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. This is Cornell Burnette in with a few questions for David. I just wanted to start off here with ready-to-serve soup, and one of your major competitors made the announcement that they would be reducing capacity. Wanted to get your outlook on what that meant for the category kind of over the long term and specifically does that give you an opportunity perhaps to margin up and be maybe less aggressive with promotions and move prices in a higher direction?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: We're very focused on our soup business. We're particularly pleased with the performance of ready-to-serve soup, whether that be Chunky or the introduction of new Well Yes! I think you need to ask the other guy.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then on the C-Fresh business, just I know you gave a number of puts and takes of kind of what's going on there this year and some of the things that you're trying to do to get the business back on track. Will some of these headwinds, especially in carrots and issues surrounding the harvest, kind of linger into perhaps F2018 as well?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. So, we've talked about the issues facing us in F2017 and the expectations that the business will decline. We do expect it to turn a bit in the fourth quarter. As we look ahead to F2018, we expect to return to growth on this business both top and bottom line.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi there.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I guess, a quick question on the commodity cost outlook here is, obviously, you have slightly different mix of input costs, how are things looking? And if the commodity cost environment is getting a little tougher, do you think you'll be able to pass that on in pricing?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. So I can comment on the commodity cost environment. So, as we look at the full year, we originally thought cost inflation would be around 2% and now we're thinking it closer to 1.5%. So we've seen some favorability relative to our expectations in a couple of areas that are causing that. One is wheat, dairy, resins related to plastic packaging as well as poultry. So, overall, we see a bit of a benefit versus our original expectations. But we are seeing a swing, first half to back half. It was fairly benign when you look at the core ingredients, packaging and energy, and that's starting to tick up in the second half, and there's a couple of areas in particular that we're seeing. One is dairy. The first half of the year we were wrapping avian flu thing, so that's going to go back more toward normal situation. Vegetable oil is kicking up in the second half and we're beginning to see increases in steel cans as well. I don't know if you follow the steel market, but prices are up fairly significantly on steel. So we've got an overall year, which is going to be okay, but we're seeing an increasing headwind in the back half. In terms of pricing, I would say we're not ready to talk about any specific pricing actions, but we're right in the midst of starting to formulate our plans for next year, and I'm sure we'll take this into account.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi Michael.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Campbell Soup Co.: Good morning.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Just back on C-Fresh, you said you had a strategic review and, obviously, that had some changes in your outlook and everything else. Did that also include a review of just your interest in that business long term? Are you evaluating potential alternatives in terms of whether you might even still be interested in having an agriculture business or is that a given? And then just on the branding, you said you would want to step up those efforts. Could you give a little better color on what that might be?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Sure. The strategic review that the new team undertook looked at, once again, the potential for this business, and we verified the consumer trends toward fresh and health and well-being, the fact that these categories are still growing significantly faster than center-store categories, particularly in the categories that we compete in. So we feel really good about this space strategically. We've had some execution issues this year and some weather issues in the agricultural part. That's been unfortunate, but that does not sway us from our long-term strategic vision to really build a fresh food platform for Campbell's. And I think the role of the carrots in the business is the authenticity. It's on trend with consumers' desire for fresh produce. Carrots have had a tough go with drought and with heavy rains and some execution issues in the last year, but I do think that that's an important part. It's also the distribution system and scale in produce for us that makes us more important to the retailer. So I know I'm very committed to the business and we expect big things from it going forward.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks. And just any thoughts on the branding? You said you wanted to step that up. I know you talked about some of the packaging changes. Garden Fresh, for example, I think it may be the new packaging you're showing. Is that some of what you're anticipating or is it beyond some of the packaging changes? What's some of the initiatives there?
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. I think, over time, we have an opportunity to build two very strong brands here with Bolthouse Farms and Garden Fresh Gourmet. We're continuing to invest in digital marketing, as you point out, some new packaging and definitely new product innovation. So we will continue to support these businesses in the marketplace.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Hi, Rob.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Yeah, just a question around increased brand building potentially over the next, I call it, three to 12 months and in light of, let's say, a competitor who is stepping away from DSD, which could cause some transitional pressure there for them that they've acknowledged upfront. And then also another competitor who seems to be stepping off a bit promotional activity in the soup category and you're showing some near-term gains there. So, I'm just curious, do you – you're, obviously, aware of what's happening in each of your core categories and you're aware of what your competitors are doing. Could you foresee the next 12 months potentially being a period of time in which you might have opportunities to actually increase your investment to try to capture share in kind of a period of instability, so to speak, which I think you actually did fairly well with at one point in time in the bread category? Thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Yeah. Well, as you can see from the quarter, we're continuing to invest in marketing and brand building. And Anthony pointed out that as we navigate through our cost-savings initiative, which we just increased, we will be spending back on our businesses to continue to build these brands. We still need to drive sustainable profitable sales growth and I fundamentally believe that's going to come from investing in the brands and engaging with the consumer. So we will continue on that track.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. I'll see you next week.
Denise M. Morrison - Campbell Soup Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ken Gosnell for closing remarks.
Kenneth Gosnell - Campbell Soup Co.: Sure. Thanks, Candice. Thank you, everyone, for joining our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after this call by going online or calling 1-404-537-3406. The access code is 40985838. You have until March 3, at which point, it will move to our – the earnings call strictly to the website at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Just click on Recent Webcasts & Presentation. If you have any further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you're a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-09-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP Finance Strategy & IR Denise Morrison - President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - CFO
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Robert Connor - Crédit Suisse Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to your host, Ken Gosnell. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call for Campbell Soup's Fiscal 2016. With me on the call are Denise Morrison, President and CEO and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning's news release, the current quarter results reflect a non-cash impairment charge, pension and post-retirement mark-to-market losses and charges related to cost-savings initiatives. The prior year quarter included pension and post-retirement mark-to-market losses and charges related to the implementation of the new organizational structure and cost-savings initiatives.  The adjusted results exclude the impact of these items impacting comparability and our comparisons of the full year 2016 with 2015, will exclude these and previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Lastly, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2017's earnings dates. We plan to release earnings on November 22, 2016, February 17, 2017, May 19, 2017 and August 31, 2017. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today, I'll offer my perspective on our performance with a focus on how each of our divisions are performing against their portfolio roles. We finished the year in line with our guidance and with strong profit performance. However, our results this quarter certainly did not meet my expectations. I am particularly unhappy with the short-term executional issues that have led to the poor performance in Campbell Fresh, both for the quarter and for the year. I'll spend the majority of my time this morning addressing this topic. While sales for the year, including Garden Fresh Gourmet, were up 5%, organic sales declined 4% in C-Fresh. In the fourth quarter, organic sales were down 12%, driven by declines in both CPG and Farms. This performance is unacceptable. I expect far more from the Campbell Fresh business. It's clear that we have several immediate challenges in Campbell Fresh, and we are addressing them. I'll get to that in a moment.  But first, I want to step back and look at the big picture. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 is the first year of operation of Campbell Fresh. This division, which accounts for approximately $1 billion in revenue or about 13% of our total sales, combines Bolthouse Farms, the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition and our refrigerated soup business. Strategically, C-Fresh positions Campbell to benefit from the growing health and well-being trend as well as the growing demand for better-for-you foods in the Packaged Fresh category. Its portfolio role is to deliver full-force growth, driven by the CPG business and to contribute to the acceleration of Campbell's overall sales trajectory.  While disappointed in our execution, I remain confident in our C-Fresh strategy. We have strong popular brands that are on trend with the changing nature of consumers' eating habits. We're well positioned in the produce and deli section of stores with an eye on expansion into other categories such as dairy. We have a robust innovation pipeline, and we're enhancing our approach to long-term innovation. Strategy was not the issue. Our problem was execution.  I'm going to spend some time on what didn't work, and importantly, the actions we're taking to ensure the business performs to its potential. So, what went wrong? There were two issues that were the primary drivers of the C-Fresh result in the quarter. The Bolthouse Farms Protein PLUS recall and the poor performance of our carrot business.  Let's start with our CPG business and the Bolthouse Farms recall and related production outage. As previously announced on June 22, we voluntarily recalled 3.8 million bottles of Bolthouse Farms' Protein PLUS beverages due to possible spoilage. The Protein PLUS lineup accounts for approximately 15% of the Bolthouse Farms' beverage business. In addition, the same manufacturing lines are used to produce our café drinks, which account for another 10% of the beverage business.  Our examination into the recall identified our manufacturing equipment and process, as the primary cause of the spoilage. We have corrected these problems, rigorously tested the product and started shipping again. However, production has not returned to the pre-recall levels due to new operating procedures that we've put in place, including an enhanced test and release protocol to ensure the product meets our high quality standards.  Prior to the recall, a typical production run for these products would have been 72 hours. Today, our production run is 24 hours. Unfortunately, the shorter run significantly reduced our capacity. We were examining various ways to increase capacity, including commissioning other production lines, but we currently anticipate these will take time to implement and expect that supply will be impacted through the end of the calendar year 2016. Now, turning to Farms. Let's take a look at our second issue, our carrot business. In July, at our Investor Day, we discussed some weather-related problems and a customer issue in our carrot business. As we review these issues further, we learned the problems were rooted in several decisions that had compounded one and another, and therefore were broader than we understood at the time. Specifically, there were some planting, harvesting and commercial decisions made earlier in the calendar year that exacerbated the weather problems. This led our farm's operation to harvest carrots prematurely in an attempt to meet customer demand.  Ultimately, this resulted in a spring crop that yielded smaller carrots, which led to customer dissatisfaction and an additional loss of business. The size of the carrots we're harvesting now is vastly improved, and we're actively addressing service issues with customers. However, it will take us time to regain the lost business. As a result, we now expect fiscal 2017 carrot sales to be comparable to fiscal 2016, rather than benefiting from a recovery from last year's issues. A final point of context. Carrots are a relatively low-margin business. However, it serves as the chassis for our higher-margin value-added CPG business. Carrots provide the scale for the refrigerated logistic system that we leverage for distribution and merchandising. So what actions have we taken so far to correct these issues? Over the last several weeks, we made major organization changes under Jeff Dunn, the President of Campbell Fresh. Several senior managers are no longer with the company, including the President of Bolthouse Farms. Additionally, we created a new structure to foster more agility and collaboration across the division.  Previously, we had two operating units, Bolthouse Farms functioned as a distinct unit and Garden Fresh Gourmet was combined with Fresh Soup. Now we have three operating units reporting directly to Jeff. CPG, which integrates Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressings with Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa, hummus and chips, along with fresh soups. Farms, which consist of carrots and carrot ingredients, and the long-term innovation unit we discussed at Investor Day in July.  In addition to the three operating units, we have created a more integrated structure both at the divisional level and with Campbell. In particular, we have strengthened the integration and oversight of the Campbell Fresh supply chain. We have also bolstered the Campbell Fresh leadership team by adding more senior finance, human resources and sales executives. This new team is a combination of seasoned and accomplished Campbell and Bolthouse Farms leaders and experienced executives recruited from food start-ups and major industry players. I believe that this newly structured team will lead this business back to the growth profile mandated by its portfolio role.  In the first half of fiscal 2017, the new management team will take steps to stabilize the business. First, we expect to improve our execution. Second, we plan to continue to increase capacity as we rebound from the Protein PLUS recall and related production outage. And third, we'll stabilize the carrot business through improved quality and customer service. Our plans call for C-Fresh sales to be down slightly in the first half and return to growth consistent with its portfolio role in the second half. Putting it all together, we expect sales growth to be in the low-single digits for fiscal '17, and we will keep you updated on developments as we go. While disappointed in the near-term performance of C-Fresh, I remain confident in the strategy we are pursuing, the Packaged Fresh platform we're building and the growth potential of this business. Now, let me shift gears to the progress we've made in other areas during fiscal 2016. As I said earlier, when I look at the year as a whole for the company, our profit performance was strong. This was driven by our Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks divisions. We delivered double-digit adjusted earnings growth with solid operating performance, including expanded gross margin, significantly improved supply chain performance and better-than-expected cost savings.  We also advanced our real food and transparency agenda, establishing Campbell as a leader in this area. However, we continue to face challenges on the top line. We recognize that we need to grow sales, and it remains a top priority. Our Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks divisions have performed largely in line with their portfolio roles. First, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Things are moving in the right direction here, and I feel good about what we've achieved this year. We made important strides in fiscal 2016. The team drove significant gross margin expansion through a combination of net price realization and major improvements in our supply chain. This resulted in a 13% increase in operating profit. Our Simple Meals brands delivered sales growth behind Prego and Pace, and Plum delivered double-digit sales gains through increased distribution and innovation. And we advanced our Real Food agenda, changing many of our recipes, including clean label products and embracing transparency. While we've accomplished much in the Americas divisions, sales remained inconsistent. Organic sales declined 1% for the year. Many of our brands are performing in line with the categories in which we compete. However, portions of the portfolio are underperforming their categories, in particular beverages and ready-to-serve soup. We're taking steps to address this and expect improved performance in these areas and modest growth in the division in fiscal '17.  Looking ahead, the Americas division will continue to concentrate on getting more from our core brands with a focus on driving sales through investments in fewer bigger innovations and improved marketing while increasing margins. We have plans in place to drive continued margin expansion through supply chain efficiencies. In fiscal 2017, we expect our soup business to grow behind continued growth of broth and better performance from our ready-to-serve soup portfolio. As we outlined at Investor Day, our plans call for improved execution around the Chunky brand and the midyear launch of the new Well Yes clean label soup line. We also anticipate better performance from V8 beverages, driven by the continued success of Veggie Blends and V8 +Energy as well as a renewed focus on tried-and-tested marketing that reengages our loyal V8 Red consumers. To connect with our consumers, build brand relevance and drive demand, we're investing in four integrated marketing campaigns in the Americas, including a new NFL team Chunky campaign featuring six popular players. For the year, our Global Biscuits and Snacks division made progress in performing against its portfolio role. Organic sales increased 1%, and operating earnings were up 10%. Pepperidge Farm delivered strong performance, and our Asia Pacific team drove solid sales results in a highly competitive and concentrated trading environment. The emphasis on growing our icon brands Goldfish, Tim Tam and Milano, as well as revenue management initiatives and improved supply chain performance, drove our results.  Looking ahead, we remain focused on delivering the division's role of expanding in both developed and developing markets while improving margins. In the United States, we have higher levels of investment to drive sustained Goldfish growth, continued momentum for Milano, expanded Tim Tam distribution and increased innovation in our fresh bakery business. In Australia, we're focused on strengthening our Arnott's brand through integrated marketing and relevant consumer-driven innovation. In developing markets, we expect continued growth in Malaysia and improved performance in China and Indonesia. Looking forward to 2017, I have a pragmatic outlook. Our plan calls for modest growth, driven by reinvesting some of our cost savings back into the business. We're confident in the C-Fresh platform, and we're acting with urgency to address our execution to get the beverage and carrot business back on track while continuing to drive sales on salad dressing, Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa, hummus and fresh soup. We expect Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and Global Biscuits and Snacks to continue to live into their portfolio roles.  We remain focused on delivering our three-year cost-savings target, and we are looking for more opportunities to drive effectiveness and efficiency. We'll be reinvesting a portion of our cost savings in focused innovation and improved marketing on our core business, and we're creating an ownership mindset across the organization through our zero-based budgeting efforts. These are reflected in our annual guidance, which Anthony will take you through in a few minutes. Clearly, we have some challenges ahead of us, but we know what's working and what's not. And we're taking action to improve our sales performance in every division. I remain confident in the strategic imperatives that we're pursuing and that they provide a compelling path to increase shareholder value. Reflecting confidence in our growth prospects and the strong profit performance this year, our Board of Directors declared a 12% increase in our quarterly dividend. Thank you. I look forward to answering your questions in a few minutes. Now, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I want to provide my perspective on our results and guidance. As Denise stated, we are disappointed with the performance of our C-Fresh division in the fourth quarter, which was the key driver of a 1% decline in organic sales for the company, reflecting the recall of Bolthouse Farms protein drink and declines in carrot. At the EBIT line, the negative impact of the C-Fresh performance was offset by lower incentive compensation accrual relative to our expectations.  In the fourth quarter, our adjusted tax rate was negatively impacted by a $13 million correction for deferred taxes. The correction had a negative impact on EPS of $0.04 per share. And as a result, our full year tax rate finished above our previous expectations. Moving on to the full year. While adjusted EPS of $2.94 was within our guidance range, we finished at the lower end due to the tax correction. We're pleased with our gross margin performance, which, on an adjusted basis, increased by 170 basis points, in line with the expectations, driven by significantly improved supply chain performance, cost savings and net price realization. We continue to make very good progress against our three-year cost-savings target of $300 million, delivering about $130 million of incremental savings in fiscal 2016, bringing the program to-date total to $215 million. As part of our annual review of intangible assets, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $0.41 per share in our GAAP results on our Bolthouse Farms carrot and carrot ingredient business, reflecting reduced expectations for future cash flows. I'm very pleased with our strong cash flow performance as cash from operations exceeded $1.4 billion, and our board has approved a 12% increase in the quarterly dividend. Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, although below our long-term target, we plan to improve our sales performance compared to 2016 and make investments in the business to support key brand, launch new products, drive long-term innovation and build capabilities in areas like digital and e-commerce. Now, I'll review our detail -- sorry, our results in more detail. For the fourth quarter, net sales on an as-reported basis of $1.687 billion were comparable to the prior year. Excluding the negative impact of currency translation and the favorable impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, organic net sales declined 1%, driven by declines in Campbell Fresh, partly offset by gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks. The negative impact from the Bolthouse Farms recall and related production outage was approximately 1 percentage point on total company sales.  Adjusted EBIT declined 2% to $253 million as higher advertising and consumer promotion expenses and a lower gross margin percentage were partly offset by lower administrative expenses, reflecting lower incentive compensation accruals. Adjusted EPS decreased 6% or $0.03 to $0.46. This EPS decline includes a $0.03 per share negative impact from the Bolthouse Farms recall and related production outage, consistent with our expectation, as well as a $0.04 per share negative impact from the tax correction. For the full year, as reported and organic net sales both decreased 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT of $1.467 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.94 both increased by 11%. Earnings growth is being driven by our improved gross margin performance and a benefit from our cost-savings initiatives. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter. Net sales was comparable to prior year. Organic sales declined 1% as a 2-point negative impact from higher promotional spending was partly offset by a 1-point gain from volume and mix. Gains in volume were driven by growth in Arnott’s biscuits, Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers and Prego pasta sauces, which benefited from the launch of the new Prego Farmers' Market product line, partly offset by declines in C-Fresh due to the Bolthouse Farms’ protein drinks recall and volume decline in carrot.  Increased promotional spending across our three segments includes higher spending in Arnott's, as we're lapping in an unusually low quarter, which was impacted by product availability, higher spending in Bolthouse Farms to remain competitive and support the launch of 1915 and higher spending on Prego and Taste. With the exception of C-Fresh, increased promotional spending drove gains in volume. Completing the bridge, a 1-point negative impact from currency translation was offset by the 1-point benefit from the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet. Our gross margin declined 90 basis points in the quarter to 36.1%. Looking at the drivers of this decline, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 270 basis points, driven primarily by cost inflation, which, on a rate basis, increased by about 1.5%, the recall and related production outages of Bolthouse Farms protein drinks and higher carrot cost from unfavorable crop yields.  Reflecting the increased promotional spending on the businesses I mentioned in the sales discussion, the higher promotional rate had a negative impact of 110 basis points on gross margin. This was partly offset by list pricing gains of 20 basis points from previous pricing actions in Global Biscuits and Snacks. Mix was slightly favorable, also adding 20 basis points.  Lastly, our supply chain productivity programs, which are incremental to our three-year cost-savings program, contributed 250 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. Looking at this another way, not on the chart, the weak performance of the Campbell Fresh segment accounted for 70 basis points of the total decline of 90 basis points, including the protein drink recall, which accounted for 50 basis points. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased [ph] 14% in the quarter, primarily due to higher advertising expenses in Pepperidge Farm to support Goldfish crackers and the fresh bakery business and increased support of Prego pasta sauces. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 19%, primarily due to lower incentive compensation cost, which account for about two-thirds of the decline, as well as the benefit from our cost-savings initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. Adjusted EPS decreased $0.03 from $0.49 in the prior year to $0.46 per share in the current quarter. On a currency-neutral basis, declines in adjusted EBIT had a negative impact on EPS of $0.01. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter increased by 2.3 points to 36.4%. The increase in the tax rate reduced the EPS by $0.02, as the impact of the deferred tax correction was partly offset by the benefit of geographic mix.  The impact from share repurchases under our strategic share repurchase program reduced our share count slightly, but due to rounding, shows no benefit on EPS in the quarter. Interest was fairly comparable to prior year, up $1 million, with no impact on EPS as the impact of higher average interest rates on the debt portfolio was mostly offset by lower debt level. Currency translation also had no impact, completing the bridge to $0.46 per share. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales were comparable to prior year at $842 million, driven by double-digit gains in Prego pasta sauces, including the benefit of the launch of Prego Farmers' Market and also by double-digit gains in Plum products, offset by declines in V8 beverages and ready-to-serve soup. Operating earnings increased 4%, reflecting a higher gross margin percentage driven by productivity improvement, partly offset by increased marketing expenses, as we've increased support behind Prego and V8 beverages. Within U.S. soup, which declined 2% in aggregate, condensed declined 1% and RTS declined 6%. These declines were partly offset by a 7% gain in Swanson broth. Estimated changes in retailer inventory levels did not meaningfully impact soup sales in the quarter. As we previously stated, while we will discuss the key drivers of soup performance as we do with our other businesses, this is the last quarter we will provide detailed subcategory sales performance. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending July 31, 2016, the category as a whole declined by 2.7%. Our sales in measured channels declined 3.8%, primarily driven by weakness in ready-to-serve, partly offset by strength in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share for the 52-week period, declining 70 basis points. Private label grew share by 10 basis points, finishing at 13%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 29%, up 60 basis points, reflecting share gains by smaller brands. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales increased 2% with double-digit gains in Pepperidge Farm's Goldfish crackers, supported by increased advertising and growth in Arnott’s biscuits in Australia and New Zealand, driven by increased promotional activity. Operating earnings increased 5% to $81 million, as lower administrative costs were partly offset by a lower gross margin percentage. Within gross margin, the impact of cost inflation and increased promotional spending was partly offset by productivity improvement. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales decreased 12%, reflecting declines in Bolthouse Farms premium refrigerated beverages due to the recall of protein drinks. Sales of the CPG beverages and salad dressings businesses declined 10% in the quarter. Sales of carrots also declined as we experienced quality issues in the fourth quarter which led to customer dissatisfaction and the loss of business. These declines were partly offset by gains in fresh soup. Operating earnings declined by $13 million or 62% to $8 million, primarily driven by the adverse impact of the voluntary recall on Bolthouse Farms protein drink and related production outages as well as higher carrot cost and lower sales of carrots and carrot ingredient, partly offset by lower administrative expenses. Just a reminder, the Garden Fresh Gourmet was acquired on June 29, 2015, and we have now wrapped the acquisition date. As a result, there is 1 month of operating results from Garden Fresh Gourmet now included in organic sales. We had very strong cash flow performance in fiscal 2016. Cash from operations increased by $281 million to a record $1,463,000,000, driven by significantly higher cash earnings and lower working capital requirement, reflecting reductions in inventory level. Capital expenditures declined $39 million to $341 million. We paid dividends totaling $390 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. And as announced this morning, we will be increasing our quarterly dividend by 12% to $0.35 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $143 million of shares in fiscal 2016, $100 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt declined by $592 million, as cash from operations was well in excess of capital expenditures, dividend and share repurchases. Now I'll review our 2017 outlook. The company expects sales to grow by 0% to 1%, adjusted EBIT to grow by 1% to 4% and adjusted EPS to grow by 2% to 5% or $3.00 to $3.09 per share. This guidance assumes, based on current exchange rates, that the impact from currency translation will be nominal. While not to the level of our long-term sales growth target of 1% to 3%, sales performance is expected to improve relative to 2016, as we address those businesses which have underperformed. While we expect to achieve further EBIT margin expansion in 2017, growth in adjusted EBIT is slightly below our long-term target, as we will be making investments in our business to support key brands, in new product launches, in long-term innovation and to build capabilities in areas like digital and e-commerce. These investments are designed to improve our growth profile over the long term. Our range for growth in adjusted EPS is ahead of EBIT, as we plan to increase share repurchases and benefit from a slightly lower tax rate, partly offset by slightly higher interest expense, given our expectation of rising short-term interest rates. While we don't give quarterly guidance, I will say that we expect the majority of our top and bottom line growth to come in the second half, as we work through the issues we're currently experiencing in C-Fresh and as we wrap lower levels of marketing support in the first half of fiscal 2016. Turning to some of the key assumptions underlying our guidance, while inflation on core ingredients and packaging has moderated, we expect inflation and cost of products sold of approximately 2%, including higher wage and ongoing benefit cost and a lagging negative impact of the stronger U.S. dollar on the input cost of our international businesses, given the timing of our foreign currency hedges. As we've successfully delivered in the past, we expect ongoing supply chain productivity gains, excluding our ZBB initiative of approximately 3% of cost of products sold. We expect our gross margin percentage to improve slightly with productivity gains exceeding inflation. The effective tax rate is estimated to be approximately 32%, slightly below the 2016 adjusted rate of 32.6%. While we are not prepared to provide a specific amount, we currently plan to significantly increase share repurchases, unless needed for other uses including M&A. Our EPS guidance reflects the favorable impact of these anticipated repurchases over the course of the year on our average shares outstanding. We are forecasting capital expenditures of approximately $350 million comparable to fiscal 2016 levels and in line with our historical spending level. And under our cost-savings program, we expect to deliver incremental savings of $50 million in fiscal 2017 and are on track to achieve our $300 million goal by 2018. That concludes my remarks, and now I'll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time and fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Stephanie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to get a bit of a better understanding of the carrots business longer-term from here. I do understand, Denise, that there were some execution issues. I think that indicates that, perhaps, a lot of the problem is fixable. You also talked about carrot yield, which suggest that's fixable, too. On the other hand, you just took a big write-down, and I would look at that as maybe an indication that the business is never going to be as strong as it once was, or at least in management's mind. So I really just wanted to get a better sense of maybe how to balance those 2 data points, I guess, as we think about, not just 2017, but beyond for the carrot business.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think that, as we indicated, the carrot business is right now going through a short-term issue. And fortunately, it is a short-term crop, and the crop we're harvesting now is much better. So we believe we will be back in business at pretty normal levels by about the second half of the year. We've got a lot of to do there. I mean, we've got customer issues to address, and we are actively doing that. Going forward, I think, as we look at the business, based on the growth rates in sales and earnings that we saw when we bought the business, we believe that the growth rates are going to be about flat to up slightly. And that's a -- that is a little bit more conservative than when we first bought the business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, if I could just add to that. As part of our annual testing of intangible assets, which we perform in the fourth quarter, we do a detailed discounted cash flow analysis. And as we performed that on the carrot and carrot ingredient reporting unit, we certainly reflected the current year performance and our expectations for future cash flows. And while we expect the performance to improve over time, it's not to the levels previously anticipated and consequently led to the impairment charge.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That makes sense. Can I just ask a quick follow-up? Denise, you mentioned, and maybe I heard you wrong that you wanted to get C-Fresh into other areas. And I think you mentioned dairy. I always thought the goal was maybe to get into dairy alternatives, not necessarily dairy itself. I'm just curious if there was a change at all in your thinking there.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Ken, that actually is related to what we talked about in Investor Day with -- our -- in our long-term innovation group working on the new pea protein beverage, so it's plant-based beverages, but they would be situated in the dairy part of the perimeter of the store.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Just a follow-up on Campbell Fresh. I guess, as we look at Bolthouse going into 2017, just 2 points, I guess, I'd like to get some clarification on. First, in terms of the profitability there for this year, I guess, it sounds like it will be somewhat impaired or below what a normal run rate would be as you sort of rebuild your production capacity and you get rebuild the customer base in carrot. I just want to make sure that that's one of the things that will hold it back this year, maybe relative to what we should expect in '18 and '19, is just simply there is a little bit of rebuilding that has to go on. And then as a follow-up to that, just -- does the sort of adjustments you're making in production runs and run times sounds like maybe even considering new production lines, does that at all slow the pace of new product innovations like the pea protein drinks? And just trying to understand if whether there is sort of a step back before you can step forward as you get the supply chain straightened up.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Bryan, the first part of that question, Denise mentioned 2 factors that'll impact at least our first half performance in 2017. One is the supply constraints on protein drinks, given the production, the run times, 24 hours versus 72. And the other thing is given some loss of customers on carrots; it'll take a little bit of time to reacquire that business. And so as we look at C-Fresh for the full year, we expect top line growth, low single digit. Typically, we would look for high single digit, so obviously, that's impacting our 2017 outlook. And as far as innovation, I don't think the issue on this particular line has an impact on our innovation agenda.
Denise Morrison: It does not. I would say, though, in the first half, the team will be very focused on the fundamentals, so the new product innovations will most likely go to market in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a little bit about the cost savings and the reinvestment strategy. So kind of back at the beginning, I think, Denise, the plan was to take about half of the big cost savings that were coming in and reinvest it back in the business. But then you had to spend like wonderful event of the cost savings tumbled in faster, larger, all these good things have happened in the year, but it brought up the question as to when would all these reinvestment occur? So if we're still looking for something like a $150 million of reinvestment, will most of that occur in fiscal '17? Or can you give us some guidance on how the reinvestment plan lays out?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think that's right, Dave. So when we first announced the cost saving program, we're targeting $200 million in savings, and we talked about half of that going back for reinvestment. I think as the savings level went up, as when we kind of help the reinvestment amount, so I don't think we're -- we'd estimate that. I think I'd estimate less than half is not going back in the business. We're not going to give a specific dollar amount in terms of reinvestment in 2017, but it is significant, and it is in a number of areas. We're going to support new product launches, things like Prego's Farmers' market, Well Yes soup, Plum infant formula, the Bolthouse spring innovations, Tim Tam's expansion in the U.S., Goldfish made with organic wheat. So we have a number of product launches going on. We're also going to invest in new capabilities around things like digital and e-commerce. We're going to make investments in our Real Food initiative, so these are things like improving our can liners, continuing the removal of BPA, improving the product and more clean label, those types of ingredients which tend to be more expensive. We're going to invest in longer term innovation, things like our Acre investment fund, and also Denise mentioned, long-term innovation in Packaged Fresh. We're also going to invest and add resources to expand our sales and distribution in China through our Kelsen business. So we have quite a list of areas we're looking to reinvest and in the P&L, we have a significant allocation of fund.
Denise Morrison: And David, our profit is strong. Our challenge is top line growth. So these investments are really vital to long-term health of the sales line of the company.
David Driscoll: So it sounds like it's fair to say that a big portion of the investment is happening now but will also happen in F'18 and beyond. I think that's what you're trying to tell me. Is that right, guys?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Well, certainly, F'17. I'm not commenting on F'18 at this point, but...
David Driscoll: All right. One clarification and apologies for this, but I got to ask this. The pacing of the quarterly earnings so -- there was amazing growth in Q1 and Q2. You didn't really say this in your prepared comments, Anthony, but will you actually be at or above the year-ago 1Q and 2Q numbers? I mean is there any chance that these are below those year ago numbers just because of how tremendous the Q1 and Q2 were last year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Well, we did said the majority of growth will come in the second half. And as you point out, there's 2 reasons for that. We are lapping a relatively low marketing Q1, Q2, and we have these lingering issues on C-Fresh. So that will tend to suppress our first half performance, but we'll see it come back in the second half.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have a much stronger marketing investment in the first half, particularly in the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage with 4 really big campaigns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I've got 2 quick questions. First, I'm not really sure what you meant when you answered Dave Driscoll question in terms of cadence. So I'll ask a little more directly. Do you expect earnings to be down year-on-year in the first half the year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: We're not going to give specific guidance, but I would say, we expect relatively weaker performance in the first half and stronger performance in the second half.
Jason English: Okay. I had to try. My second question relates to promotional spend. Early last year, you guys kind of went into the year, you talked about some opportunities to rationalize expense. There were glimmers of hope to the first half of the year as that promotional line in the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage division actually went positive, given that back in the back half of the year. So can you kind of update us on how you're thinking about your promotional posture, your promotional spend? And what caused the set back as we progress through the year?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I guess we'll look at it a little bit different than that. We are very focused on improving our gross margin performance and expanding margin. Within that, we looked at net price realization, productivity improvements to exceed inflation. On the net price realization, we feel really good about what we've been able to accomplish in 2016. In fact, 40 basis points of our 170 basis point gross margin improvement is driven by net price realization. And within that, and I guess a little distorted on the sales variance, but we've made meaningful reductions in trade spend in soup given the promotional pricing we've taken on RTS. And although it's impacted volumes, it has contributed significantly to margin expansion. Now we're up a little bit in the fourth quarter. It's a non-seasonal quarter for us. Most of our dollar increase in trade in the fourth quarter relates to our Arnott's business in Australia, kind of lapping a period of supply constraints, so we had to pull back on our promotional activity, so we're wrapping that. But as I look at the whole year, we accomplished what we set out to do in our plan and have made meaningful progress, especially in soup, which is very critical to our agenda going forward.
Denise Morrison: Let me build on that, that we also, as part of the setup of our Integrated Global Services have made investments in our revenue management and advanced analytics. And we're continuing to look for ways to manage the depth and frequency of our trade programs to maximize profitable volume. We have to take into consideration competitive activity and customer programs and consumer response, but this is definitely a point of focus for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Connor: This is actually Robert Connor on for Rob Moskow. So we just had a question. So it looks like some of these smaller organic brands are more vulnerable to weather disruptions and kind of like the stability of the product on the shelf is shorter. It seems like WhiteWave with their Earthbound Farms brand and supply chain issues, and obviously, you guys are having issues kind of with the Bolthouse brand supply chain. So did it raise any concerns in your mind about kind of putting most of your growth in the fresh part, which has kind of more volatile supply chain and lower margins?
Denise Morrison: It all starts with the consumer, and the consumer trends are very strong in terms of health and well-being, and particularly in fresh food. Some of these issues are part and parcel to running a fresh food business. But in our case, these were execution issues, and we can do better there. So we're really confident in the strategy to pursue fresh food in addition to the strong core brands that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Anthony, I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the inflation outlook and apologies if I missed this earlier. But did you mention what inflation was here in the fourth quarter? The gross margin headwind in the step up quite a bit versus what we've seen year-to-date. So I'm not sure how material the other portion of that was related to Bolthouse issues. And if you could give us any color on kind of the shape of the inflation curve, as we kind of move forward sequentially?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. I think the best way to explain our gross margin performance was it was down 90 basis points in the fourth quarter is to parse out the impact of the C-Fresh division. So the C-Fresh division in aggregate had a 70 basis point impact out of the 90 basis point, so basically most of our gross margin decline is attributable to the 2 issues inside of C-Fresh, the recall, which was 50 basis points, and the decline on carrots, which has a -- an impact on the margin as well. And looking at the rest of it, inflation was not that great in the fourth quarter as we talked in the bridge. The higher promotional expense was the key swing relative to prior quarters. But most of the decline, as we said, attributable to the C-Fresh performance.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, that helps. Thanks. And just one other quick clarification from a guidance standpoint. Incentive, obviously, you've delivered an 11% underlying EPS growth this year, but there was, I guess, perhaps, an accrual correction on incentive comp here in the fourth quarter, which resulted in a year-on-year decline there. As we've kind of think ahead to 2017, does incentive comp end up being a headwind or a tailwind? Are you kind of essentially at a low normal run rate at this point?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, so we had some ups and downs obviously in 2016. We ended up with a $0.02 headwind in '16 versus '15. And looking forward, our short-term incentives are close to target. The long-term incentive will go up a little bit. All in, we had about a $0.02 negative impact in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Denise, I'd like to ask about M&A. In addition to the chassis, you feel that you have with the carrot basis, it also seems you have a fairly nice chassis with your distribution model at Pepperidge. So how do you assess the ability for M&A to maybe accelerate growth more broadly in U.S. snacking? Maybe even outside of C-Fresh. And how much more could you be doing at Pepperidge to leverage your route to market there?
Denise Morrison: Yes. I wanted to clarify that. We look at -- we do look at M&A more broadly than just Campbell Fresh. And each one of our divisions has mapped out specific targets that they're interested in, that are a good strategic fit for their businesses. And so we are highly interested in other consumer behaviors like health and well-being, like snacking, like simple meals that we can pursue not only from an organic growth standpoint but also from an M&A standpoint.
John Baumgartner: And you feel like your route to market with the DSD at Pepperidge allows you to kind of go and do that and accelerate growth with kind of a bolt-on?
Denise Morrison: I'm sorry. I didn't understand the question.
John Baumgartner: Do you feel though your route to market at Pepperidge through kind of the DSD network would allow you to kind of buy a smaller additional brands, just more on health and wellness space and really kind of accelerate?
Denise Morrison: Yes, absolutely. I mean, Plum Organics is a great example of a smaller brand that we bought. We were able to integrate that into the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage business and capitalize on things like their sales force and supply chain.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: A question on a couple areas that I know you'd like to improve and that was ready-to-serve soup and Chunky in particular and then also V8. Your new marketing campaign for Chunky, it looked promising and your comparisons will be on your side. Realistically speaking, do you think that that's the business that has the best chance for improvement among the areas that you cited that you think will improve in fiscal '17? And then perhaps, you can dimensionalize what you think would be a successful step and the right direction, could get you back to flat for that business in ready-to-serve, for instance?
Denise Morrison: Yes. We definitely have some bright spots in soups this year. We basically stabilized condensed and broth is up for the year. But the issue we've had has been RTS soup. And as you indicate, with brand Chunky, we are -- we have the price realization behind us. We have improved Chunky marketing going into 2017. We had a label execution issue in first and second quarter last year that we are cycling. And then we can't control the weather, but that was definitely an impact in 2016. So we believe that the Chunky brand will have improved performance in 2017. In addition, we are launching Well Yes midyear, which is a great tasting, clean-label ready-to-serve soup that we believe will have disruption in the soup aisle and capture the hearts and minds of consumers. The other thing we have going for us in soup is Slow Kettle and organic soups continue to do very well. And we just came out with new stackable cans in our RTS soup, which has been received really, really well from the retailers for merchandising purposes. So we've got a lot more going for us this year than last year, and we expect soup to grow modestly.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras: So actually just following up on that previous -- the question, I think there was also a question on V8. So I just wanted to add onto that. So that's been an area of investment. You mentioned some further investment in terms of marketing and advertising, but sales continue to be a headwind there. So can you just talk about the results that you're seeing from some of those investments. So we had an inflection point where that's starting to improve?
Denise Morrison: Yes, and thanks for that reminder. We continue to be challenged in our shelf-stable beverages, particularly on our products that contain sugar, so V8 V-Fusion, for example. And this year we actually did have some declines on our V8 Red. Our new Veggie Blends, which we supported with some good marketing support, continue to grow. And our V8 +Energy is growing really nicely. What we have done is, we've developed a brand-new campaign, but also we've increased our support around our V8 Red juice. So instead of just promoting the new parts of the business, we're going back to better balancing our marketing against the core V8 Red as well as the new Veggie Blends and the V8 +Energy. And we believe that, that is a much better formula for success. We don't expect beverages to grow next year, but we do expect improved performance.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And just a clarification, I think going back to the -- to your Analyst Day, you mentioned something about shifting some consumers from V-Fusion to Veggie Blends. Should we read into that, that you're looking for V-Fusion to eventually maybe not be eliminated, but just become much less significant? Or I guess what did you mean by that specifically?
Denise Morrison: We have -- we do have top-selling varieties in the V-Fusion line such as strawberry banana or pomegranate blueberry and some others, and we'll continue to include them in the V8 line. But we -- the consumer will take us to the flavors that they like and will repeat. So that's basically how we're planning it.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to management for further remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Stephanie. Thanks, everyone for joining our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about 2 hours after our call concludes by going online or calling 1 (703) 925-2533. The access code is 1673833. You have until September 15, 2016, at midnight, at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the website. Just click on recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have further questions, please call me, Ken Gosnell, (856) 342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737. That concludes today's program. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect. And everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-05-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP, Finance Strategy & IR Denise Morrison - President & CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - CFO & SVP Blake MacMinn - Senior Manager, IR
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Evan Morris - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Lavery - CLSA Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Gosnell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2016. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our Web site this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participates in a listen-only mode. Today we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. One final item, before we begin our discussion of the quarter I'd like to cordially invite our sell-side analysts and institutional investors to our Annual Investor Day a Campbell’s World Headquarters, RSVP's are required, all others are invited to join by webcast. This year's events will be held the afternoon of Wednesday, July the 20th. We will include updates on our plans and key initiatives for the three operating divisions. We will also have time for interacting with our management team. More details will follow on this. With that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today I'll share my perspective on our performance in the quarter and year-to-date. As many of you are aware, the consumer environment continues to be challenging in many of the markets where we have operations. In the U.S., consumer spending remains cautious. Shoppers are making more frequent trips than a year ago, but they are purchasing less per trip. As a result, consumer takeaway of total food and beverage has softened, compared to both short and longer term comparisons. This has exerted top-line pressure on both retailers and manufacturers. In other parts of the world, economic conditions remain volatile. In the third quarter, our organic sales declined 2% which was below our expectations. Key factors that led to the decline include, softer than expected soup category performance, weakness in V8 beverages and product shortages in our Bolthouse Farms carrot business. I continue to be pleased with our adjusted gross margin expansion driven by supply chain productivity programs, despite the negative impact of the weather on our Bolthouse Farms carrot business. Both our sales and the cost of carrots were adversely impacted by the poor growing conditions in California. Cold rain weather from mid-December through mid-March reduced carrot yields across the industry. The decreased crop yield had a significant impact on our gross margin performance in the quarter. Both Anthony I will discuss this later in the call. Third quarter adjusted EBIT declined but was better than we expected, reflecting improved gross margin performance. The decline in adjusted EBIT was due to higher levels of planned spending, including the increased marketing investment, as well as higher incentive compensation costs and investments in long-term innovation. We expected that our adjusted EBIT performance would tapper in the second half, as we realized the benefits of our cost savings earlier, cycled improved gross margin from a year ago, and implemented our plans to increase marketing investments in the second half. Now, let me share my view on our segment performance for the quarter. Let’s start with our largest division, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. As a reminder, we’re managing this division for moderate growth, consistent with the categories in which we operate and for margin expansion. Organic sales declined by 2% in the quarter, predominantly driven by U.S. Soup and V8 beverages. Our ready-to-serve soup business was challenged by a number of the same factors we discussed last quarter, the mild winter weather which affected the entire category, the volume impact of our pricing actions, and marketing execution on the Chunky brand. We’re realistic about these issues and have plans to address those things within our control for the next soup season. Namely, we intend to do a better job of driving demand, particularly for Chunky ready-to-serve soups. We’ll have a more robust marketing plan that fully leverages our NFL sponsorship. We also recognized that we need to bring more excitement to the category and we have new on-trend product innovations planned for fiscal 2017. We’ll discuss these plans in greater detail at our Investor Day in July. There were several bright spots within Soup and Simple Meals. Sales of Swanson broth, Slow Kettle and Campbell’s Organic Soup all grew, also Campbell’s condensed soup gained share. Beyond soup, Prego continues to perform well, driven by strong merchandizing and growth in white sauces. We also began shipping Prego Farmers Market, our new premium Italian sauce with a clean label. Additionally, we drove double-digit sales gains in Plum. V8 beverages continue to struggle with sales declines in V8 Red, V-Fusion and V8 Splash. There was however some good news, particularly in the performance of V8 Veggie Blends and V8 +Energy. In the short-term we’ve taken steps to address the performance of V8 Red and have increased both TV and digital advertising specific to the V8 Red brand. In the past, we’ve had success with advertising that reminds consumers of the benefits of V8. We’re also building on a successful launch of V8 Veggie Blends with new varieties and expanding our V8 +Energy carbonated beverages into the grocery channel. We recognized that these short-term actions are not the complete solution. That said, V8 is a great brand and we believe we have a solid platform to build upon going forward. We’re in the process of finalizing our strategy and will discuss our longer term plans to get this business back on-track at Investor Day. Overall, we feel good about how the Americas division is performing against its portfolio role year-to-date, especially its continued margin expansion. Clearly, we have some work to do in several key categories to generate demand for our products. We get it and we’re on it. Turning to Global Biscuits and Snacks, this division unifies our Pepperidge Farm Arnott’s and Kelsen businesses and its portfolio role is to manage growth while improving margins in both developed and developing markets. Pepperidge Farm delivered modest sales growth, while we experienced some challenges in our Australia and China businesses. The two main drivers of the sales decline were Kelsen in China and Arnott’s sweet biscuits in Australia. First, China, despite strong merchandizing support and our improved marketing efforts heading into Chinese New Year, sales were below expectations. We experienced short-term distribution challenges and faced strong competitive activity. Let me explain. At the beginning of the fiscal year we made changes to our business model, adding sales people and changing distributors. This new go-to market model is designed to improve execution, while enabling us to increase distribution into multiple cities in China overtime. However, our new distribution system did not have the same reach as in the past. In spite of the challenges we faced, Kelsen consumer takeaway and share increased in our priority markets. Going forward, we’ll need to supplement and expand our distributor network to increase our geographic reach. We’re confident that we’ll get there and continue to believe in the long-term prospects for Kelsen in this important market. In Asia Pacific, excluding currency sales of Arnott’s biscuits were comparable to the prior year with growth in Indonesia offset by declines in Australia and New Zealand. In Australia, we faced competitive pressure in the sweet biscuit category and experienced lower consumer takeaway on special varieties of Arnott’s Tim Tam biscuits, which had a negative impact on sales. On the Plus side, our savory biscuits business performed well and we’re encouraged by the launch of our new and improved Arnott Shapes crackers. While small, our developing markets in Southeast Asia performed well. Excluding the impact of currency we grew sales in both Indonesia and Malaysia double-digits. As expected, the economic situation in Indonesia has started to improve in the quarter. Turning to North America Pepperidge Farm cookies and crackers continued to perform well, driven mainly by Goldfish crackers. Sales declined slightly in our Fresh Bakery business, as we faced increased competition in the quarter. Moving on to Campbell Fresh, C-Fresh has anchored by Bolthouse Farms, and also includes Garden Fresh Gourmet and our Refrigerated Soup business. This division's portfolio role is to accelerate sales growth and expand into new packaged fresh categories. The CPG portion of this business is the full force growth engine of the division. Reported segment sales increased 6% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, sales declined 4%. In the quarter, Bolthouse Farms was a tail of two cities. Solid performance in our CPG Premium Juice and Salad Dressing business was more than offset by significant declines in our Farm business which consists of carrots and carrot ingredients. As I mentioned earlier, the carrot supply across the industry was negatively impacted by the adverse weather in California. This led to product shortages and product allocation to customers, as we were unable to meet market demand. As a result our carrot sales were down double-digits in the quarter. This weather pattern is irregular, as we looked back the Bolthouse Farms carrot business experienced similar weather conditions in the winter of 2010 to 2011. Since then, we've significantly diversified our winter crop into multiple growing regions in California, Arizona and Georgia. Today, we’re much better equipped to respond and have reduced our recovery time. We’re currently back in full supply with customers and don’t anticipate any material sales impact going forward, as we are now in the prime growing season in California. Turning to the CPG side of Bolthouse Farms, we’re pleased with the 8% sales growth we delivered in the quarter. As expected this growth was driven by distribution gains and our spring innovation. We added 14 new items across ultra and super premium beverages, as well as salad dressings, which increased double-digits. We’re also pleased with the performance of 1915 by Bolthouse Farms, our ultra-premium cold-pressed organic juice line. We achieved 50% ACV in less than 12 months, enabled by our investment and expanded capacity. Due to the success of our spring innovation selling, we are well positioned for the fourth quarter as we look ahead to fiscal 2017. A quick word on our Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, from an integration standpoint, we continue to make progress on bringing the business into the Bolthouse Farms operations platform and we've expanded fresh salsa distribution. We remain very optimistic about the potential of this brand. Before wrapping up, I'd like to share my thought on our year-to-date performance. Year-to-date organic sales are down slightly 1% in what continues to be a very challenging consumer environment. We are clear eyed about the factors impacting our top-line and the actions we need to take to address them. We can and we must do better on driving profitable net sales growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and next fiscal year, we expect to grow organic sales. Our year-to-date adjusted EBIT increase of plus 15%, reflects our improved gross margin performance and the benefits of our $300 million cost savings initiatives, including our move to zero-based budgeting. As we focus on finishing the fiscal year, I feel good about the progress we are making, how we have performed year-to-date, and our outlook for the full year. This is reflected in our updated guidance which Anthony will discuss shortly. We've made many important changes to Campbell, completely redesigning our organization, setting up the Company by category versus geography, and assigning each division a clear portfolio role. We continue to remain focused on strengthening our core business and expanding into faster growing spaces, as we unleash the power of our purpose, real food that matters for life's moments. Overall, we are now better positioned to execute our strategies, invest in the areas of our business that hold the greatest profitable growth potential and increase shareholder value. We are proud of the progress we've made, but we know we have more to do. Now I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give you my perspective on the third quarter. Organic sales, in the quarter were below our expectations reflecting softness in U.S. Soups, V8 Beverages, and the weather related cross yield issue, which negatively impacted our carrot sales and earnings. We continue to make progress on adjusted gross margin. It improved by 40 basis points, better than expected benefitting from our supply chain performance, and moderating cost inflation, despite the weather related yield issue on carrots. The carrot issue negatively impacted sales by approximately 14 million and our adjusted gross margin by approximately 50 basis points or $0.02 per share. We continue to make good progress on our cost saving initiatives, which delivered approximately $13 million of savings in the third quarter. With these savings impacting multiple P&L lines bringing the year-to-date total to $110 million. Program to-date we are now at 195 million in cost savings. With one quarter to go we are updating our guidance. We are holding the sales range, narrowing the adjusted EBIT range, and raising the adjusted EPS range to reflect our current outlook for adjusted EBIT and a lower adjusted tax rate. Now I'll take you through the detailed results and guidance. For the third quarter net sales on an as reported basis declined 2% to 1.87 billion. Excluding currency and the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, organic net sales also declined 2% driven by lower volume. Net price realization was comparable to the prior year with higher selling prices offset by increased trade promotions. Adjusted EBIT decreased 5% to $312 million, reflecting higher advertising and consumer promotion expenses, higher administrative expenses and lower volumes, partly offset by a higher gross margin percentage. Adjusted EPS decreased 2% to $0.65, for the nine month period net sales on an as reported basis were down 2% while organic sales decreased 1% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT of 1.214 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.48 both increased by 15%. Year-to-date earnings growth is being driven by our improved gross margin performance and benefits from our cost savings initiatives. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter reported net sales and organic sales both declined 2% as the 1 point negative impact of currency translation was offset by the 1 point benefit from the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet. Within organic sales, volume and mix subtracted 2 points which was primarily driven by declines in V8 beverages and soup within the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment, as well as the lost carrot sales in Campbell Fresh. Higher selling prices contributed 1 point of sales growth while higher promotional spending subtracted 1 point. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 40 basis points to 37%, exceeding our expectation on overall supply chain performance despite the weather related carrot issue. Cost inflation and other factors had a negative margin impact of 1.6 points, driven primarily by cost inflation which as a rate increased by approximately 1% and the increase in carrot cost previously discussed. In aggregate our net price realization reduced adjusted gross margin by 20 basis points as higher promotional spending in the quarter to support U.S. soup, global biscuits and snacks, and Bolthouse Farms beverages was mostly offset by list pricing actions previously taken across several businesses. Mix was slightly favourable adding 10 basis points. Lastly our supply chain productivity programs which are incremental to our three year cost savings program contributed 210 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 5% in the quarter, primarily due to higher advertising and consumer promotion expense. Advertising and consumer promotion expense increased 8% in the quarter driven primarily by increases in Pepperidge Farm and V8 beverages. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 4% primarily due to the higher incentive compensation cost, inflation, increased cost to support long-term innovation, and the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet, partly offset by the benefit from cost savings initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see adjusted EPS decreased $0.01 compared with the prior year from $0.66 to $0.65 per share. On a currency neutral basis declines in adjusted EBIT had a $0.03 negative impact on EPS. The impact in share repurchases under our strategic share repurchase program reduced our share count slightly, but had no impact on EPS for the quarter, and net interest expense was comparable to prior year level. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 28.5% down 3.1 point versus the prior year, primarily due to lower than expected taxes on foreign earnings, partly offset by the geographic mix of our earnings with a higher proportion of income in the U.S., the lower tax rates benefited EPS by $0.03. Currency had a $0.01 negative impact on EPS in the quarter completing the bridge to $0.65 per share. Now turning to our segment results, in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages organic sales decreased 2% to 999 million driven by declines in Soup and V8 beverages probably offset by gains in Prego pasta sauces and plum products. Operating earnings increased 1% reflecting a higher gross margin percentage driven by productivity improvements, partly offset by lower volumes and increased advertising expenses. In total, U.S. Soup sales declined 5% driven by category declines which as Denise mentioned were primarily impacted by warmer weather compared to the year ago quarter. The impact from our pricing action and marketing execution issues on Chunky. Although our pricing actions had a negative impact on volumes, they have contributed to improved profitability. Within U.S. Soup, RTS declined 13% and condensed declined 4% probably offset by 10% gain in Swanson broth. Estimated changes in retailer inventory levels did not meaningfully impact sales in the quarter. As we previously stated, we will not be providing this sub-category sales performance beyond this fiscal year. If you were to look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our shared results as measured by IRI. For the 52 week period ending May 01, 2016 the category as a whole declined 2.4%. Our sales in measured channels declined 3.5% with weakness and ready-to-serve and condensed soups partly offset by trends in Broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decline of 70 basis points. Private label grew share by 20 basis points finishing at 13% all other branded players collectively had a share of 29% up 50 basis points reflecting share gains by smaller brands. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales decreased 1% with declines in Kelsen partly offset by gains in Pepperidge Farms, Goldfish crackers and Soups and Beverages in Australia. Excluding the negative impact of currency translation, sales from Arnott’s biscuits were comparable to the prior year with gains in Indonesia offset by declines in sweet biscuit varieties in Australia. Operating earnings decreased 8% primarily driven by higher incentive compensation cost and a negative impact of currency translation. In the Campbell’s Fresh segment, organic sales decreased 4% with declines in carrot probably offset by gains in Bolthouse farms premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings. Not included in organic results is our recent acquisition, Garden Fresh Gourmet which contributed 10 points of sales growth to the segment. Operating earnings declined 28% driven by the higher carrot cost, excluding the negative impact from the carrot issue and the acquisition, operating earnings for C-Fresh in the quarter would have increased significantly compared to the prior year. Despite the negative impact in the quarter, year-to-date operating margins in C-Fresh ahs increased one percentage point. We had strong cash flow performance for the first nine months. Cash from operations increased by $212 million to 1.183 billion driven by a higher cash earnings and lower working capital requirements, especially in the area of inventory. Capital expenditures decreased 17 million to 225 million. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $350 million for fiscal 2016. We paid dividends totalling 294 million reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $118 million in shares in the first nine months, 75 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balances of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt declined by approximately $250 million as positive net cash flow generated from the business more than offset the impact of the $232 million acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet in the fourth quarter of 2015. Now, I’ll review our 2016 outlook. Our sales guidance remains unchanged at minus 1% to 0% including a one point benefit from the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet and a 2 points negative impact from currency translation. We’re narrowing the range for adjusted EBIT which we now expect to grow 11% to 13%. The year-over-year growth reflects the benefit of improved gross margin performance and the benefits from our cost savings initiative. We expect adjusted gross margin for the year to expand by approximately 175 to 200 basis points. We’re increasing the adjusted EPS growth range to 11% to 13% or $2.93 to $3 per share in line with EBIT growth. Reflecting lower taxes on foreign earnings, we now expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 32%. Against our cost savings program and consistent with our prior forecast, we expect to deliver incremental savings in the range of $120 million to $140 million in 2016. Our 2018 annual savings target remains unchanged at $300 million. That concludes my remarks. I’d now like to turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, and out of fairness to other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Candice?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: I just wanted to ask a question about the cost savings program. And I think the original expectation was to take half of the savings from the program and reinvest back in the business. I think you guys have said a number of times that the savings is just coming faster than you originally anticipated, so maybe you're not at the pacing of putting a full half in. So is it right to think kind of going forward that the bulk of the ’17 savings should get reinvested back into the business, Denise, and this would number one, give you the fuel to reinvigorate the top-line and then number two, would just kind of marry-up to that big picture comment about 50% reinvestment? Can you just comment on that?
Denise Morrison: Yes. See the cost savings program is giving us the financial flexibility to reinvest back in the business to jumpstart top-line growth. We’re being very choicefull about these investments and they are predominantly going after new product launches such as you started to see in the third quarter our C-Fresh innovation, new shapes in Australia Prego’s Farmers Market and we’re introducing a Plum Organic baby formula and we will continue to support those new products into next year and announce some more at our Investor Day. A lot of the money is going to make sure that we have support of our key brands in line with the portfolio roles in each division. One thing that is new is we are channelling some of these dollars into longer term innovation. So that we make sure we have a robust pipeline in a state of readiness. And then finally where we reinvesting it to build capabilities in things that we see coming into the industry such as digital and advanced analytics, so our intention is definitely to reinvest some of this money to grow our top-line growth.
David Driscoll: Just one follow-up, did the pacing of the cost savings change at all, Anthony? Is it still, is your forecast for you the year still the same?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, and so on the last quarter we talked about 120 million to 140 million incremental for that for this year. We are at about 110 million year-to-date, so we got a little bit to go. But we are certainly well ahead of our initial expectations both in the total amount and the timing and I think if I can get to the essence of your earlier question, was the target going up to $300 million and a significant amount of savings still to be achieved in fiscal ’17 and ’18 we will work and continue to target our long-term targets in terms of sales, EBIT and EPS growth in fiscal ’17.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: I think the gross margin guidance for the year was I think up 175 basis points as of last quarter and Anthony you said now 175 to 200 for the year. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what the key sort of change there was. I know volume in the quarter wasn't necessarily where you wanted it, so I'm trying to get a sense of what's driving that upside? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Andrew it is primarily coming out of our supply chain which continues to operate extremely well, if you look across the number of metrics there, I mean all of our plant efficiencies are up, the plants are running more effectively than they did last year and we continue to see significant savings in the area of transportation and warehousing and just to give you a couple of KPIs our inner plant shipments are down versus a year ago. The amount of times we reach into the spot market for freight purchases is basically at zero compared to a significant amount last year. Our truck rates are up this year versus last year, our miles traveled are down versus year ago and all of these things are just yielding really good results coming out of supply chain and continue to exceed our expectations.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Evan Morris: It's actually Evan on for Bryan. Just following on David's question just about reinvesting back I guess I'm still struggling here. So promotional spending was up in the quarter, marketing was up in the quarter but organic sales were down. I guess Denise you started out your prepared comments talking about the challenging operating environment. So I guess I'm still unsure how the planned reinvestment is going to drive the top-line and I guess starting in 4Q. So within the context of the operating environment why should we expect sales to return and how I guess starting as early as the fourth quarter?
Denise Morrison: Yes. It seems like it’s an equation but it isn’t, because the places where we experience the sales decline were not necessarily the places where we invested the A&C and the T so let me explain. I talked about the sales decline being due to three factors, one being predominantly RTS soup, the second being V8 beverages, and the third the unfortunate situation we had in carrots with the shortage of organic carrots. The investment that we made was on different things, so we invested A&C advertising and consumer in our Global Biscuits and Snacks business against Shapes in Australia which worked, Tim Tam’s in Australia which didn’t work and our Cookies and Bakery business and Goldfish and Pepperidge Farm which did work. We invested advertising and consumer in V8 but we focused it on the Veggie Blends but what we realized that we had to put more emphasis going forward on V8 Red and we are course correcting there. We also spent predominantly promotion spending on our Campbell Fresh new product launches and that is going incredibly well. And then finally, we spent money against Prego in Simple Meals which also had a very good quarter. So we do believe in the investment of A&C in this business and with trade spending up it was up against the Arnott’s honest business that I just talked about Goldfish and C-Fresh new products on a year-to-date basis trade spending is down 5% and about 0.3, is down 0.3 points versus year ago on a rate basis.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So to just to add to that, I mean there were a couple of issues that we would believe are temporal in the quarter and a bit unusual, one is certainly the impact of the carrot yield issue which impacted our sales by almost a point negatively and also the category declines in soup as Denise mentioned earlier, impacted by the warmer weather. If you exclude those two items sales would have been flat compared to a year ago. So we think that a couple of things happening this quarter are not going to repeat themselves.
Evan Morris: Okay. No that's helpful. So it sounds like some of the things were more category-specific. And as you are thinking about the challenging operating environment, particularly in the U.S., are you seeing just broader levels of promotional activity? Do you expect that going forward or again is just really where your spending is really more category-specific behind some of these brands? They need a little help?
Denise Morrison: We’re -- I mean we are in a situation in the industry particularly in center store categories where growth is hard won and it’s very competitive and we expect that to continue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Rob Moskow: One question is on the fourth-quarter implied guidance. It's a very wide range, Anthony. I wanted to know why so wide, what are the factors that could go either way. Second are you giving fiscal ’17 and ’18 guidance today? I thought I heard you say that you expect to be on your long-term algorithm, maybe I misunderstood? Thanks.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, so just to clarify that I’d say we aspired to achieve our long-term target in fiscal ’17. We will give more specific guidance when we get to our fourth quarter call. In terms of the implied range it does obviously have a $0.07 delta in the fourth quarter I think for perspective and we’ve had a bit of challenge forecasting our year as you know we have taken the guidance up a couple of times already. We’ve just gone through massive change here at the Company probably the largest transformational change in the Company’s history in terms of reorganizing into three divisions, addressing spans and layers and voluntary headcount reduction, involuntary headcount reduction. The adoption of zero-based budgeting and changing many of the policies we have at the Company, changing our operating model and forming an integrated global services function. And given the amount of change it’s just been really difficult or more difficult than usual to forecast, so we’re just giving ourselves a little bit of latitude here in the fourth quarter in terms of where we’re going to come out. Some of the variability will likely be in gross margins that 25 basis points range can take you from the top of the EPS range to the bottom, cost savings could be a little bit variable. We feel pretty confident we will see some organic growth at the top-line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: I just wanted to ask a question in relation to the market share declines in soup. And I know we've talked about soup generally and you’ve talked about soup generally and some of the challenges particularly in ready-to-serve but condensed was down well and that’s the part that I was surprised by and I guess in relation to that I am just trying to understand when you think about the incremental marketing and for example this quarter and promotional spending. And as you look ahead is it designed to try and narrow that market share gap in soup, is that something you are trying to work against here in the short run and we could see from improvement in early next few season?
Denise Morrison: As I look at it for the quarter condensed was down, but on a year-to-date basis condensed is actually up in share, broth was up 10% for the quarter and pretty flat but by gaining consumption and gaining share. Our issue really is RTF. And when I look at myself in the mirror on this one it was bad execution on Chunky, I mean we had lacked a compelling advertising, we didn’t leverage our partnership well with the NFL. We had a label issue in the first quarter, which cross us sales. And the good news is that these are all execution issues within our control and we are actively addressing them. So I believe that if we keep supporting this core business and get our act together on Chunky, we will be in pretty good shape going forward.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Just to add to that, one of the things we did in RTF is we made a pretty significant move on our promoted price points which we hadn’t done in over a decade and we felt it was really important for the category and for our profitability to make that move. We knew it would have a negative impact on buying we are seeing that come through and we knew it would have a negative impact on our share performance and again we are seeing that come through as well.
Denise Morrison: I think also to you will start to see more of a steady stream of innovation in the core soup category.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just on that point, Anthony, in terms of the raising some of the price points, is that something you can sustain or is competition not allowing for that in ready-to-serve?
Anthony DiSilvestro: We intend to sustain that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Anthony, you said that excluding I guess the carrot and weather-generated soup issues sales would have been flat this quarter. I get it that makes sense. But it still implies like a two year stack number of minus 1%. So I guess when I'm looking at your four quarter guidance are you looking for, and just to confirm and if you said this already I apologize, but just to confirm are you looking for it seems to me like at least positive, 2%ish roughly on an organic basis against what will be kind of a positive come. So I'm just curious A, is my math right on that? And B, just go back on some of the questions that people have asked already, doesn't that sort of imply a little bit of a sequential improvement in run rate organic growth excluding some of the items you talked about?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. And let me give you a little more detail on the fact. So before I get to the organic just building up to the sales in the fourth quarter, so year-to-date currency has been minus two points, in the fourth quarter it's going to be more modest likely a minus one. The other thing is, the impact of Garden Fresh Gourmet in our fourth quarter which is seasonally low, it will probably have closer to a 2 point positive impact than the 1 point positive impact, so net-net that’s a positive one and if we can do plus one in organic that gets it to a plus two. So that’s kind of what we are thinking about. So it doesn’t have to be a two organic, just have to be a one to get it to the bottom-end of that range.
Denise Morrison: And we have the benefit of some new products that we just started shipping in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: A real quick clarification question, Denise, I think you said trade spend is down around 5% year-to-date but when we look at the promotional lines in terms of sales drivers it's neutral year to date. So what else is driving the offset to trade spend reductions?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think in dollar terms, trade spend is fairly comparable to prior year and I think on a rate basis let me look at it real quick here, relatively flat on a total Company -- on a rate basis.
Jason English: Okay, then let's delve a little bit deeper in there. I know you guys set up a revenue management team early this year. It's probably still early innings but there was an objective coming in to be able to find some opportunities, some efficiencies there and reverse what's been sort of a long-term trend of promotions being a drag on sales. Where do we stand? You sort of had progress out of the gate, we've kind of unwound some of that progress. Have you found sort of your efforts on that front to be futile or as we think forward is there still opportunity and can we expect to see it start to bear fruit as we go into next year?
Denise Morrison: We look at trade as part of net price realization, and to that end with our creation of the Integrated Global Services we have beefed up our revenue management group and are working on advancing our analytics to be able to do a couple of things. First of all, make sure that we are optimizing on pricing. Second, make sure we are maximizing the return on our trade investment as we continue to work through programs on our brands with customers. If we do see opportunities to be more effective and efficient, we will do so, I am as much for working with the numerator and the denominator.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Let me just add to that. We are seeing benefits from our revenue management initiative. It led to the pricing actions we took on soup last year, it led to the changes in promoted price points, has led to the pricing on Prego, led to some of the pricing in some of our other businesses around the world. And we’ll continue to focus on it going forward. I think just one more comment in terms of the quarter a lot of what you’re seeing in the quarter is the result of timing a lot of the cost savings came in the first half and we had re-phased some of the marking out in the first half and into the second half. So I think it is probably appropriate to judge on our year-to-date results which we feel really good about.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Denise, I'd like to ask about promo spend in baking and snacking. It's been a segment where you had reduced promo during the first half of the year and it looks as though you reversed course this quarter. How much of this is really just a comparison issue against the pacing of last year versus maybe relative to deeper change of course going forward?
Denise Morrison: Well I think that promotion spend is really important in the baking and snacking area we’ve been in the United States, we’ve been really focused on a couple of brands, one being Goldfish which has performed very well and the other being Milano. I do think that there that via cadence that has worked throughout the year but promotion is an important part of the mix for that particular business for impulse sales.
John Baumgartner: Okay, and then just in terms of the volume prospects there, you were lapping some pretty hard comps earlier this year. But how do you think about the base Pepperidge business going into fiscal ’17 and kind of on the competitor front as well?
Denise Morrison: I am not sure I understand the question. Could you clarify?
John Baumgartner: Yes, in terms of the volume prospects for the segment going forward, I think you had lapped some pretty hard comps in the first half of this year with depressed volumes. But as you get into easier comps back half of this year, some of the innovation rolling out in Goldfish, how are you feeling about the volume prospects in the business as you move into fiscal ’17?
Denise Morrison: And you are talking specifically about baking and snacking?
John Baumgartner: Yes.
Denise Morrison: Yes Pepperidge Farm I think that you will get a glimpse of your plans in July, but it’s shaping up to be a pretty strong plan and we’ll continue to work on like I said on Goldfish and also on the Cookie business as well. I don’t know what else I can say about that at this point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: I just was hoping I'd get a little more color on the top line and some of your outlook there. You mentioned just in general the cautious consumer spending and soft trends. But can you dissect that a little bit, because certainly there's categories and companies that have very strong top-line growth and there is minimum wage increases and low end wages that are on the upswing. And so is that more big food or centre store specific or do you think that’s a macro issue? And then related to that on pricing, obviously Wal-Mart had very strong numbers driven by price investments and presumably they are funding a good bit of that but are you seeing a push back on pricing from the trade and are you able to get pricing through or how do you see the outlook there?
Denise Morrison: Yes, we’re seeing in terms of our performance in the marketplace. The shelf stable businesses we’re tracking them, the shelf stable businesses are pretty mixed with more robust sales growth in the Simple Meals area and then there are a number of categories who are below the average and so refrigerated is doing a lot better so that the Fresh business and frozen more categories are down than up. And so we have done an analysis on trips and like I said there is more frequent trips being made versus year ago but shoppers are buying less overall units and that seems to be across all of the categories. And so we are noticing that behaviour. We don’t really talk about specific customers but I think in general we’ve been able to execute our pricing in the marketplace.
Michael Lavery: Yes I didn't expect color on Wal-Mart in particular, but just pushback from the trade in general you're seeing that pricing outlook environment looks constant?
Denise Morrison: Well it's just a such a long time since we've increased prices on our products that we were able to establish some in the marketplace and we’re still promoting the products and working with the customer on their plans.
Michael Lavery: And when you say across categories are you referring to grocery specifically or do you get a read through things like channel shifting say even to Amazon or other non-traditional channels?
Denise Morrison: Yes we track about 38 categories in Simple Meals and across the center store, refrigerated and also in frozen so that we can get an idea for the cadence of the industry and how we are performing within that cadence.
Michael Lavery: But that's where, in grocery?
Denise Morrison: Yes, well it would be MULO.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: So can I just ask I guess two questions, it seems to me there are some smaller challenger brands that are doing quite well in soups at the moment, if I think about Imagine obviously from a much smaller base or even in the refrigerated section Panera's chilled soup. How is that informing your innovation pipeline? And also how is that affecting your relationship with the retailer where you've mentioned analytics a couple of times improving, is there a sense that the retailers might be starting to tone down the category captain role in favour of just using analytical algorithms to set the shelf space now that these smaller brands do seem to be where the growth is?
Denise Morrison: Now it's absolutely true and I think it's absolutely true in a lot of categories that smaller challenger brands are growing faster off of a smaller base. And in the soup category there are a couple that are growing faster again but they are much smaller, we also have some smaller parts of the soup business that are growing faster so for example Slow Kettle was up 9% in the quarter and it is up 50% year-to-date in consumption and also Campbell Organic is up 41% in the quarter and then a relatively new brand to the category this would be two examples and there is a couple of others as well and our refrigerated soup continues to outperform as expected up 2%. So we are seeing it and we believe that we need to participate in that.
Alexia Howard: And then on the category captain role?
Denise Morrison: I'm sorry I didn’t understand what you mean by the role?
Alexia Howard: The idea that the traditional category captain role that you've obviously played in soups might be being replaced by just more analysis of the scanner data, particularly by the retailers I mean. And maybe the retailers are less dependent on you. How is that playing out?
Denise Morrison: Yes I mean we have just about, well 59% market share in the soup category. We believe that we have to play in all segments and we are doing so and we are working with retailers on the best way to manage the whole category so that has not changed.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Grainger: Denise and Anthony, I just wanted to ask about the M&A landscape. I know this comes up a lot, but you've always talked about being open to acquisitions but approaching it generally with strategic and financial discipline. So I guess with that as the starting point, can you just give us an update on the scale of opportunities that you're thinking about, whether the focus is more on bolt-ons and higher growth adjacencies or whether you'd be open to larger, more transformational things that allow you to more aggressively use the balance sheet now that you've delevered a bit?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, Matt. I mean that's we've said before we have a very disciplined approach to M&A anything we do obviously needs to be strategically compelling and has to be financially attractive. And I think we are open both the idea of smaller bolt on acquisitions to build upon our platform for example in Campbell Fresh or to expand geographically in biscuits and snacks, the overall list is relatively short. We continue to work it and develop relationships with companies around the world and in the U.S. On the other hand we do have the financial flexibility to do something a bit larger so I think it depends more on the attractiveness of the opportunity first and foremost on the strategic and the financial perspective and again open to varying sizes.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. And are there any constraints that we should keep in mind just in terms of leverage or willingness to use equity?
Anthony DiSilvestro: We don’t have a specific limit in mind. I think the Bolthouse Farms acquisition is a good example where we took the debt to EBITDA up between a little over 3.5 times and paid that down pretty quick so again we have quite a bit of financial flexibility.
Matthew Grainger: Okay.
Anthony DiSilvestro: And we would use it for the right opportunity.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Athlos Research. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: I just had a question on the interplay between pricing and volume in Americas Simple Meals. When you looked over the past two years it looks like pricing is up about 2.5 points while volume is down about 7.5. That's just for this third quarter, just stack the past two years. And I'm wondering, I know costs are down a fair amount in that time and so I understand you've done a great job holding share in those categories, we're mainly talking soup here, but what role do you think higher pricing across the category is having in hurting the volumes in soup? I know you maybe had some weather but on a two-year basis that's not really been the case, some weather this year. And going forward now that costs are rising a little bit more, is that going to change your philosophy in thinking about how you'd balance price and volume in Americas Simple Meals? Thanks very much.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I'll start. I’d say on the cost side you said they are rising a little bit more, we are seeing moderating cost inflation at least in the back half of this year and probably into the next year and that takes a little bit of pressure off the pricing algorithm and our objective is to expand gross margins through a combination of net pricing and productivity in access of cost inflation so as cost inflation moderates that gives us a little more flexibility. There is no question that if you look back over the last couple of years we have moved up some of our net pricing both list and promoted in an effort to improve the profitability of the soup business and in fact we have done that quiet successfully. Now that does have a short-term impact on volume, longer term we’d like to think that in the broad basket of things that will drive consumer demand things like product quality and innovation and robust marketing are all part of that algorithm to drive volume growth over the long-term.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay, just to clarify that, you're saying costs are up over the past two years in Americas Simple Meals?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Looking backwards or looking forward?
Jonathan Feeney: No looking backward, versus fiscal ’14 you are looking right now you are saying cost on take input cost are up over that period of time for you?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes.
Operator: Thank you and this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gosnell for closing remarks.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Candice. We thank everyone for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast, a full replay would be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1703-925-2533 the access code is 1670608. You have until June the 3rd at midnight at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the Web site, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News & Events. If you have further questions, please call me, Ken Gosnell at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. This concludes today's program. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President-Finance Strategy and Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Ken Gosnell. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President-Finance Strategy and Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2016. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. With that, let me turn the call over now to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today I'll share my perspective on our performance in the quarter and our progress on the strategic changes we've implemented at Campbell over the past year. Overall, I'm pleased with our results this quarter, but not satisfied with our sales performance. We delivered outstanding adjusted EBIT and EPS growth. I'm particularly happy with our continued gross margin expansion, improved execution from our supply chain team, and the progress we've made on our cost savings initiative. Organic sales for the quarter were comparable to a year ago, a bit below our expectations as our categories and geographies continue to face challenging conditions. As I discussed last week at CAGNY, the macroeconomic conditions are challenging in many of the markets where we have operations. In the United States, consumer spending remains cautious. In other parts of world, financial capitals are grappling with the weakening economies and increased volatility. We recognize that sales growth in many of our center-store categories has been a key challenge for Campbell. Driving profitable net sales growth remains an area of focus for our entire team. Our supply chain execution continued to improve this quarter. We've now delivered four consecutive quarters of improved supply chain performance, dating back to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. As we head into the second half of the year, we expect to sustain this performance. However, we'll begin cycling our improved operations and the rate of improvement will likely come at a more modest pace. I'm also extremely pleased with the over-delivery of our three-year cost savings initiative. Through a combination of our organization redesign, the creation of our Integrated Global Services group, head count reductions, more stringent policies, and the implementation of zero-based budgeting, Campbell is becoming a leaner, more effective, and more efficient company. In addition to lowering our cost base, we're seeing signs of cultural change, as employees treat every dollar as if it were their own. We're reaping the benefits of our cost savings efforts ahead of our expectations, and we continue to identify additional savings opportunities. As a result, we increased our 2018 savings target to $300 million, up from the $200 million objective we set when we introduced the program one year ago. We'll continue to invest a portion of these savings into our businesses, based on their portfolio roles and longer-term growth opportunities that we've identified to create shareholder value over time. For instance, we plan to make several investments in the (4:45) second half of the year in the areas of new product development and support for several of our key brands. Additionally, we're building new capabilities in areas such as e-commerce. As announced last week, we raised our annual earnings guidance and now expect adjusted EBIT to (5:08) 13% and adjusted EPS to grow by 9% to 12%. We continue to expect the outlook for net sales to be in the range of negative 1% to 0%.The improved outlook for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS are primarily due to improved gross margin performance and the better than expected benefits of our cost savings initiative. Now I'd like to share my perspective on our segment results. Let's start with our largest division, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. As a reminder, we're managing this division for moderate growth, consistent with the categories in which we operate and for margin expansion. As we previously outlined, we're focused on increasing net price realization, including optimizing promotion spending and improving our supply chain performance. I'm encouraged by the progress we've made against all three of them. Organic sales declined by 1% in the quarter, predominantly driven by a decline in U.S. soup sales. As context, the entire wet soup category declined 3% for the 13 weeks ended January 31. Our soup sales down 4% were below our expectations, although we had some bright spots. Our condensed soup business was up for the quarter and our broth business grew nicely. However, declines in ready-to-serve soup more than offset those gains. Let me explain the factors at play. As we discussed back in the first quarter, we began taking steps to increase our net price realization through a combination of pricing actions and implementing more balanced promotion plans to support our business. As anticipated, these price realization activities had a negative impact on volume, but it was a necessary step to address the historical lack of price realization in RTS and strategically important for our entire soup portfolio. Another factor was the timing of our marketing plans. As we discussed in the first quarter, our marketing and merchandising support was planned for later in the year across the end of the second quarter and into the third quarter. We also experienced some execution issues related to an on-label promotion on our Chunky brand. Finally, weather is not something we control and it's certainly not the main reason for the decline in our soup business, but we believe the unusually warm winter had a negative impact on the entire category in the first half. In January, we grew soup sales in the high single-digits as we began to address our execution issues in Chunky, ramped up marketing activities, implemented more effective promotions, and benefited from more seasonal weather. Our plans will continue into the third quarter. Despite these headwinds, we're taking steps to improve the performance of our U.S. soup business. Our pricing actions are taking hold. We've implemented more impactful promotion programs and our new advertising campaign is resonating with consumers. This bodes well for the future. Beyond soup, our Simple Meals business performed well in the quarter with solid sales growth in Prego, Pace and especially Plum. We told you last July that our innovation plans in the Americas would focus on fewer, bigger ideas. In our quest to ramp up innovation, we recognize that some things will work and others will not. The key is to recognize it early and move on, and that's precisely what we're doing. Overall, our innovation results are mixed. On the plus side, Campbell's dinner sauces platform and Slow Kettle soups continue to grow and are over-indexing with Millennials. Campbell's organic soup line is meeting expectations and helping us expand our health and well-being options in the center-store. In our Beverage business, we're pleased with V8 Veggie Blends and V8 +Energy. Finally, the innovation driving the expansion of our Plum portfolio is robust as this brand continues to build loyalty with Millennial parents. Now, let's look at what's not working as well. Pace and Prego Ready Meals and Campbell's Fresh Brewed Soups in K-Cups are performing below expectations, and we're taking steps to evaluate the root cause and course correct. Additionally, we've discontinued the V8 Protein line. Our key learning was that these shakes and bars were not differentiated enough to succeed in a crowded and competitive space. We recently hired Greg Shewchuk as our new Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer for the Americas division. With his expansive experience, we expect he will lead accelerated marketing innovation and sharpen our focus on fewer, bigger initiatives. We're excited to welcome Greg to the team in early March. Clearly, the highlight in the Americas division was the significant gross margin expansion and the 22% increase in operating earnings. A major improvement this quarter was our supply chain performance. In addition to our ongoing productivity programs, we improved our execution in transportation and warehousing. We also benefited from the benign inflationary environment. Overall, our Americas Simple Meals and Beverages division continues to make progress in delivering against its portfolio role. Moving on, our Global Biscuits and Snacks division performed well in the quarter, delivering organic sales growth and driving significant profit. This division unifies our Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen business, and its portfolio role is to manage growth while improving margins in both developed and developing markets. Our core developed markets of Australia and the United States continue to deliver positive results. I'm pleased with the performance in our U.S. biscuits and bakery business, with sales growth across numerous Pepperidge Farms categories, including fresh bakery, frozen, and cookies. Looking ahead, we have solid innovation plans in place in our core developed markets, with new products in the U.S., such as the launch of Artisan rolls and the introduction of Goldfish crackers with organic wheat. In Australia, we're re-staging our shapes product line to increase the flavor of these popular snacks. Turning to developing markets, excluding the impact of currency, sales growth in Malaysia was offset by the declines in Indonesia, where economic conditions remain challenging. While we're expecting the Indonesian economy to improve in the second half of the year, we don't expect our business to return to growth this year. In China, our primary focus has been the Kelsen business. We've made many changes to improve this business since acquiring it in August 2013. At the end of fiscal 2015, we changed distributors, added new marketing and digital talent, and began ramping up our sales force. We had a solid sell-in for the Chinese New Year, our biggest and most important season, and our new distributors delivered strong execution, including merchandising supported by our new integrated marketing campaign. As I discussed last week at CAGNY, we believe it's important for Campbell to become more geographically diverse, despite short-term volatility in developing markets. Turning now to Campbell Fresh, C-Fresh includes Bolthouse Farms, Garden Fresh Gourmet and our refrigerated soup business. This division's portfolio role is to accelerate sales growth and expand into new packaged fresh categories. Reported segment sales increased 10% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, sales were comparable to a year ago. In Bolthouse Farms, we delivered mid-single digit sales growth in beverages and double digit gains in refrigerated salad dressings. Carrot sales were down slightly, although we grew share. We continued to drive growth in the faster growing organic segment of the carrot market and we're taking steps to increase our presence there. As a reminder, one of the key roles of our market leading carrot business is to provide the refrigerated logistics system and scale in the perimeter that we can leverage for distribution and merchandising of our CPG business. Our carrot ingredients business remains challenged with a significant decline in the quarter related to reduced export demand from Japan. As expected, the rate of decline moderated in the quarter and we expect that trend to continue in the back half of the year. We're happy with the margin expansion in C-Fresh, and the increased operating profit. We've invested in capacity, enabling us to increase our in-house production. We rationalized unproductive beverage SKUs, we've increased our supply chain productivity, and we've managed SG&A. However, C-Fresh's portfolio role is full force growth and we expect stronger top line performance from the CPG portion of this business. Looking ahead, we expect improved sales growth in C-Fresh in the second half of the year to be driven by stronger performance in the CPG business and moderating declines in carrot ingredients. We have one of the strongest spring innovation efforts in several years. We'll add 14 new items across beverages and salad dressings, including six new varieties of 1915 by Bolthouse Farms, our ultra-premium cold-pressed organic juice line. With our increased capacity coming online this month, we expect to expand our ACV distribution of 1915 to 50% this year, largely in line with the category. The integration of Garden Fresh Gourmet and our retail perimeter soup business into C-Fresh is progressing well. Sales of retail soup were up modestly in the quarter and Garden Fresh Gourmet is tracking to deliver the sales we expected through increased distribution and increased market penetration. We've accomplished a great deal over the last 12 months as we've aligned our enterprise structure with our strategy, created three new divisions with strong leadership, defined clear portfolio roles and implemented a major cost savings initiative. We're now better positioned to execute our strategies and to invest in the areas of our business that hold the greatest growth potential, including several investments in the second half of this year. Against this backdrop, I'm encouraged by our performance this quarter. Our enterprise redesign and cost savings efforts are delivering better than expected results and our new divisions are beginning to perform in line with their portfolio roles. But we remain unsatisfied with our top line growth and I know we can do better. We expect to improve our growth profile in the second half and we continue to stay focused on driving long-term sustainable profitable net sales growth. I look forward to answering your questions, but now let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give you my perspective on the second quarter. At the top line, organic sales, which were comparable to last year, were below our expectations, reflecting the sales performance of U.S. soup. We made outstanding progress in gross margins, up 4 percentage points on an adjusted basis, benefiting from our price realization actions and supply chain performance. Our cost savings initiatives are delivering significant benefits, $50 million in the second quarter, and as we shared at CAGNY last week, we've raised our three-year savings target to $300 million, with these savings impacting multiple P&L lines. Based on our gross margin performance and incremental cost savings, we also raised our full year earnings guidance last week, and I'll provide more detail in a moment. Now I'll take you through the detailed results in our 2016 guidance. For the second quarter, net sales on an as reported basis declined 1% to $2.2 billion, primarily due to the negative impact of currency translation. Excluding currency and the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, organic net sales were comparable to the prior year as gains in Global Biscuits and Snacks were offset by declines in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Reflecting a four point increase in operating margin, adjusted EBIT increased 26% to $423 million, benefiting from a higher gross margin percentage and savings from our cost reduction initiatives. These positive drivers were partly offset by higher incentive compensation cost, currency translation, which had a 3 point negative impact and lower volumes. Adjusted EPS increased 23% to $0.87. For the first half, net sales on an as reported basis were down 2%, while organic sales were comparable to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT increased 24% and adjusted EPS of $1.82 was up 21%. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter, reported sales declined 1% with organic sales comparable to the prior year. Within organic sales, volume and mix subtracted 2 points, which was primarily driven by U.S. soup within the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment. Higher selling prices contributed 1 point, while lower promotional spending also added a point, both driven by our net price realization efforts in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and in Global Biscuits and Snacks. Currency translation had an adverse impact of 2 points on the top line, as our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar, weakened against the U.S. dollar. To complete the bridge, the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet contributed 1 point to net sales in the quarter. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 4 points to 37.3%, exceeding our expectations on lower than an anticipated cost inflation and better than anticipated supply chain performance. Compared to the year-ago period, within inflation and other, we experienced improved supply chain performance, primarily from transportation cost savings initiatives as well as lower losses on open commodity contracts. In aggregate, inflation on input cost was close to zero. Mix was slightly favorable, adding 20 basis points. Our net price realization actions contributed 1.4 points of margin expansion, with 50 basis points from reduced promotional spending, principally trade reductions in U.S. soup and Pepperidge Farm and 90 basis points from higher selling prices. Lastly, our supply chain productivity programs, which are incremental to our three-year cost savings programs, contributed 180 basis points to margin improvement in the quarter. Recent capacity additions in Bolthouse Farms and U.S. broth, as well as our soup common platform initiative, are contributing to these productivity gains. Excluding items impacting comparability, adjusted marketing and selling expenses declined 5% in the quarter, primarily due to reductions in non-working marketing from our cost savings initiatives, partly offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion expense, driven by increases in Kelsen, Pepperidge Farm and U.S. soup. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 6%, primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs compared to a year ago, partly offset by benefits from our cost savings initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below-the-line items. As you can see, in aggregate, adjusted EPS increased $0.16 compared with the prior year from $0.71 to $0.87 per share. On a currency-neutral basis, growth in adjusted EBIT, mostly from the gross margin expansion and benefits from our cost savings initiatives, contributed $0.22 to EPS growth. The impact in share repurchases under our strategic share repurchase program reduced our share count slightly, but had no impact on EPS for the quarter. And while net interest expense increased $2 million, as we extended the maturity on the debt portfolio in fiscal 2015, this also had no impact on EPS for the quarter. Going the other way, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 31.6%, up 2.8 points versus the prior year, primarily due to lapping the favorable resolution of an inter-company pricing agreement, which negatively impacted EPS by $0.04. Currency had a $0.03 negative impact on EPS in the quarter, completing the bridge to $0.87 per share. Now, turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales decreased 1% to $1.2 billion. U.S. soup sales decreased 4%, driven by declines in ready-to-serve soups, partly offset by gains in broth and condensed soup. Sales of other U.S. Simple Meals increased, driven by gains in Plum, Prego pasta sauces and Pace Mexican sauces. Sales of U.S. Beverages declined, primarily due to weakness in V8 V-Fusion beverages. Excluding the negative impact of currency translation, sales in Canada decreased, driven by declines in soup. Operating earnings increased 22%, reflecting a higher gross margin percentage, which benefited from net price realization, productivity gains and improved supply chain performance. Reflecting declines in ready-to-serve soups, total U.S. soup sales declined 4%, driven by category declines from warmer weather, the volume impact from our pricing actions, the timing of our marketing programs, and an issue with an on-label promotion on Chunky, which has since been corrected. Within U.S. soup, RTS declined 20%, which was partly offset by a 7% gain in Swanson broth and a 2% gain in condensed. We began and ended the quarter with retailer inventory in aggregate comparable to year-ago levels. As we said last quarter, we do not believe subcategory sales performance is a meaningful disclosure. We will continue to provide it through the fiscal year before discontinuing in 2017. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending January 31, 2016, the category as a whole declined 1.9%. Our sales in measured channels declined 2.8%, with weakness in ready-to-serve and condensed soups, partly offset by strength in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decline of 50 basis points. Private label grew share by 20 basis points, finishing at 13%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28%, up 30 basis points, reflecting share gains by smaller brands. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales increased 2%, with growth in Pepperidge Farm and the Asia Pacific region. Sales gains in Pepperidge Farm were driven by fresh bakery, frozen products and cookies. Sales of Goldfish crackers were up slightly for the quarter, with modest share gains for the first half of the fiscal year. In the Asia Pacific region, excluding the impact of currency translation, growth in Australia, driven by Arnott's Tim Tam biscuits, was partly offset by declines in Indonesia, as that market continues to face economic challenges. Operating earnings increased 23%, primarily driven by a higher gross margin percentage, which benefited from net price realization and productivity gains, partly offset by the negative impact of currency translation. In the Campbell Fresh segment, organic sales were comparable to the prior year, with gains in Bolthouse Farms premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings, which on a combined basis grew mid-single digits, offset by declines in carrot ingredient export sales and declines in retail carrots, despite gaining share. Not included in organic results is our recent acquisition, Garden Fresh Gourmet, which contributed 10 points of sales growth to the segment. Operating earnings grew 62% to $21 million, driven by a higher gross margin percentage, which benefited from improved supply chain performance, productivity improvements, and the favorable mix impact from growth in the higher margin refrigerated beverages. This performance resulted in a 2 point improvement in operating margin for the segment compared to a year ago. We had strong cash flow performance in the first half. Cash from operations increased by $143 million to $727 million, driven by higher cash earnings and lower working capital requirements. Capital expenditures increased $10 million to $153 million. We continue to forecast CapEx of approximately $350 million for fiscal 2016. We paid dividends totaling $197 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $86 million of shares in the first half, $50 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt declined by approximately $150 million, as positive net cash flow generated by the business more than offset the impact of the $232 million acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet. Now, I'll review our 2016 guidance, which is consistent with our news release on February 16. We expect sales to change by minus 1% to 0%, including a 1 point benefit from the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet, and a 2 point negative impact from currency translation, as compared to the previous estimated currency impact of 3 points. This sales guidance implies a reduction in organic sales compared to our previous guidance, reflecting the performance of U.S. soup. Benefiting from gross margin performance and incremental cost savings, we expect adjusted EBIT to grow by 10% to 13% and adjusted EPS to grow by 9% to 12%. Our full year guidance implies a modest earnings decline in the back half of the year. This reflects investments we are making in new product launches, higher marketing spending, and headwinds from higher incentive compensation and the negative impact of currency on the input costs of our international businesses. We expect adjusted gross margin to expand by approximate 175 basis points, driven primarily by our first half performance. In the back half, we anticipate headwinds from increased promotional spending to support new products and key brands, the negative impact of currency on the input costs of our international businesses and from modest cost inflation. Offsetting these headwinds, gross margin will benefit from our cost savings initiatives and productivity gains, but we will be wrapping much of the pricing and improved supply chain performance we experienced in the first half. Against our cost savings program, we expect to deliver savings in the range of $120 million to $140 million in 2016, compared to our previous range of $80 million to $100 million. As announced last week, we have increased our 2018 annual savings target from $250 million to $300 million. Also, we expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 33%. That concludes my remarks. And now I'll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President-Finance Strategy and Investor Relations: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness, if you would, to other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Operator: Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Denise, you talked about your desire to continue growing in emerging markets via M&A, and I think the phrase you used to describe the EM situation was, and correct me if I'm wrong, short-term volatility. I guess my question is how do we know? How are we confident that the issues are not permanent slowdowns over there? Because I'm trying to get a sense of Campbell's willingness maybe to spend on an asset in a geography less attractive than it once was versus your other M&A goal, which is faster growing domestic assets, right? I mean, some of these that have been sold lately, Vega I think is one of them, I would have thought Campbell might have been very interested in.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We expect that the emerging markets that we currently have footholds in, and that is China and in Southeast Asia, will continue to be viable markets for our business, particularly our Global Biscuits and Snacks business, which is growing, despite the fact that their overall growth rates are down, particularly in China. We do think that even though their growth rates have slowed, they're still growing faster than the domestic market. And we also know that 70% of the growth in the food industry is going to come from emerging markets over the next decade. So we believe we need to continue in a smart way to expand our geographic footprint. That said, we'll continue to look for smart M&A, both in emerging markets and also domestically in sync with our strategy.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to ask a question if I could in relation to – you've got a heavy degree of cost savings coming through and really influencing your gross margin. I guess, maybe two questions related to that. One is do you have, and if I missed this, excuse me, but gross margin guidance for the year? Now it looks like that's running well ahead of your expectations. And then in relation to that, you talked about increasing your marketing investments in the second half of the year. I had planned for you to do that anyway. Are you stepping those up? Are we seeing the investment levels increase from what you had assumed initially for the year?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. So I'll take that one. I'll comment first on the gross margin comment. Yes, we are giving guidance on gross margin, and we expect 175 basis points of gross margin improvement for the year. So that implies about a flattish back half, but let me try to give you some more context on this one. I think if you go back to last fiscal year 2015, it really is a story of two halves. In the first half of last year, gross margin was down about 2 points, and in the second half of last year gross margin was up 1.4 points, as we took some pricing and improved our supply chain performance in the back half. So if you look at it on a two-year basis, both the first and second half of this year are each up just over a point versus two years ago. And the reason we're flat in the back half is a couple of things, there are a couple of headwinds. One is higher promotional spending to support some new product launches and some key brands and, as I mentioned in my comments, the negative impact of currency on costs. So both our Australian business and Canadian business have a significant portion of their inputs that are denominated in U.S. dollars. And we were hedged for a while, but we're closer to market now on those currency impacts. So that's having an increasing impact. And we still had a little bit of cost inflation, although it's more moderate than certainly we had initially expected. And we believe we'll be able to offset all of that impact with continuing productivity gains and the benefits of our cost savings program.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Chris, I'll take the second part of that question. As our cost savings have materialized earlier than expected, we are also accelerating our investments where it's prudent to do so. So it's very choiceful and it's across all three of our divisions. So in C-Fresh, we're going to be supporting our strongest innovation effort in several years with 14 new products, including six new varieties of 1915. In Global Baking and Snacking, we're investing in Goldfish with the launch of organic wheat Goldfish. We're investing in Tim Tam and the relaunch of Shapes in Australia. And then in the Americas, we still have marketing activity that, remember, we staged later in the year to support our soup and our beverage businesses, as well as product launches across Simple Meals and a robust pipeline for Plum Organics. So we have a lot of activity planned in the second half and this does reflect an acceleration.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Hey, I wanted to...
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I wanted to ask about the declines in ready-to-serve. The first half of the year they were pretty steep, and it's been like that for a couple of years now. And I wanted to know, Denise, how are you going to balance the portfolio strategy kind of mandate to run soup for and to hold share? And also recognize that you might need to put more investment into ready-to-serve to kind of stem those declines. Do you need to fix the product or do you need to change something on the promotional strategy, which ended up causing some elasticities that were bigger than you thought? What do you think?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, first of all, when you step back, the entire wet soup category was down 3% and we were down 4%. And we were up in condensed by 2% and up in broth by 7%. In RTS, particularly in Chunky, is where we experienced our issue. And recall we did take net price realization. So that's a combination of pricing actions and also promotion actions. And that's not an easy one because you've got a marketplace where some of the marketplace is at high-low on promotions and some of it is EDLP. So finding that right rhythm is an important idea. The other thing is the competitive landscape. We have to take that into consideration as well. In the case of Chunky, we actually had a promotion on pack label that caused consumer confusion. And we are largely out of that right now, so that one is behind us. And then finally, we launched a portfolio campaign, which really helped our condensed soup, but it did not do the job on brand Chunky. And so it wasn't until later in the quarter that we came in with dedicated advertising, and that will continue into quarter three. And, again, I'm not really one to give the weather report, but it really was, relative to last year, a much warmer winter. So we really expect soup to grow modestly, consistent with other center-store categories. We are continuing to invest in the soup business and we are continuing to invest in the quality of the product. So it's not any one silver bullet. It's a combination of things.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Can I ask a follow-up to that? Did you have a different promotional strategy for condensed than you did for ready-to-serve or maybe more aggressive promotions on condensed?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Each segment of the soup business, we have a different promotion strategy and we work in joint business planning with retailers on the right execution to get the best return for the investment.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: What we had on Chunky was moving up on the promotive price points more so than the other categories inside of soup.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's what I was looking for. Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for the question. Congratulations again on a solid first half.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You spent a fair amount of time, Denise, in your prepared remarks talking about some of the challenges in terms of finding growth in this portfolio, some of the innovation, and you talked a little bit about M&A. Can you delve a little bit deeper in terms of your appetite for M&A in your efforts to transform this portfolio? Is there an increased sense of urgency, given the organic challenges? And what are you seeing out there in the landscape in terms of quality assets at reasonable prices?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, I'll start and then see where we go here. I think the first point to make is that we are confident that the portfolio today can deliver long-term sales in that 1% to 3% range on a currency neutral basis. And I think if you think about the portfolio roles that we've assigned to each of our divisions, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, moderate growth, in line with the categories. We have a very good portfolio in Global Biscuits and Snacks; that should certainly be able to grow towards the high end of that range. And then C-Fresh, the performance of late has not been that great and there's some reasons for that and we're going to lap some of those reasons, so we do expect much better top line growth out of Campbell Fresh than we've seen to-date. So I think if we just think about the portfolio that we have, we do expect that to grow. On the other hand, and we pointed this out at CAGNY, we've made some good progress diversifying the portfolio and getting into higher growth spaces. We've done four acquisitions, as you know, over the last few years, and we will continue to look for opportunities to push further into higher growth spaces. That being said, we continue to be disciplined in how we approach M&A. Deals have to be strategically compelling, they have to be financially attractive, and they have to be able to create shareholder value for us. So we'll continue to do that and see how we go.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Any comments on the M&A environment?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I think it's still pretty rich. The multiples are still pretty high. That being said, like I said, we have a pretty diligent effort in the area and group of people looking at it. We have a pipeline. It's not a long, long list of opportunities. It's fairly tight. We continue to build relationships with companies that are perhaps family-owned or private and we'll just continue to work it.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thank you. Good morning.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Denise, I wanted to follow up. I think a couple of people have asked this question a little bit, but I want to try it slightly differently. Americas Simple Meals, what's kind of the volume outlook? I mean, clearly, you talked about the warm weather in the quarter. And then there's a much bigger picture issue here of just how you re-segmented the company and I want to call it kind of manage for cash, meaning that pricing is going to trump volume trends. But I was hoping you could kind of just talk about how, over the course of time, the volumes should trend within this segment? And just what's the strength of this concept that the company would accept better profits and maybe incur some negative volumes? Kind of what's the tolerance to accept an outcome like that? The margin performance in the quarter incredible in that segment and, obviously, you're being rewarded for it in the market today. But I would just like to hear your thoughts longer term.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, I think longer term we expect to strike the right balance of net price realization and volume. And we'd like to grow soup and Simple Meals modestly over time. That's in line with the expectations for those categories. So that portfolio role was thought through very carefully. And what we've learned over the years is, when we expect the categories to grow beyond what their portfolio momentum can do, we wind up spending inefficiently to get there. And so it's really an important idea to make sure that we are investing appropriately to be competitive in those categories and drive modest growth while we keep an eye on our margin expansion.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): The one follow-up on this point, Denise, is simply that – I think you said yourself that pricing in the soup category, especially in RTS, has just not been there for, I think you said, a decade or some really long period of time. Why would it be natural to assume that the volume growth should be like the rest of the store, if in fact this category should be taking pricing to kind of catch up relative to what it hasn't done in this previous decade?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, I mean, each segment of the category has its competitive set, and we run the soup business as a portfolio. And so when you think about the pricing spectrum in the portfolio, it's all the way from value condensed through higher end Slow Kettle and even into higher than that end refrigerated soup and then mainstream pricing in between. And so actually we think that the price realization on RTS was an important idea in the portfolio management of the category and we saw positive results on the condensed soup line this quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Denise, I would like to come back to the ready-to-serve topic. You called out some of the elasticity impacts there in the quarter, but your price gap relative to your largest branded competitor, I think the widest it's been in a couple of years now. How impactful do you think that gap on the shelf has been to your volumes and might this be a situation where an increase in promo may end up being necessary to stabilize things? Thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I do think that when we planned our net price realization for the year, we did not expect competition necessarily to follow. However, we did notice more of a gap, particularly on promotions than we had planned for. So we are course correcting accordingly.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I mean, is this a situation that we should think that it continues to weigh on (48:21) volume in the back half of the year as well?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Actually, we have a pretty robust plan starting in the latter part of quarter two in January and all through quarter three and we were very pleased with the results in January.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Denise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Can I ask about the sales investment that I think looking at the press release it looks as though there might have been some cutbacks on the selling side of things, if marketing spending was up a bit? What are you doing there? I know that a few years ago you outsourced merchandising to Acosta. Do you have people in the source merchandising? What is your strategy? Pruning that, where are you heading? And maybe also just generally on the promotional spending. I know it's already come up, but are you in general trying to pull back on the trade promotion spending where it's inefficient and where is that likely to head over time? Thank you.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. We did have higher advertising spending in the quarter and we continue to invest in advertising and brand building, and you'll see that continue into the second half. In terms of trade investment, again, we've focused on net price realization, which is the combination of pricing actions and promotion spending. We've created a Revenue Management group, which is working with Advanced Analytics to improve our effectiveness and make sure we take into consideration those programs that are working and not repeat those that aren't. So that's a change for us. And finally, we always are looking to invest our promotion investment with customers for a better return, so a better return for them and a better return for us. So, we are focused more on how we increase the quality of our spending. And basically, it's the combination of the ACT that we expect to be between 24% and 25% of sales. That hasn't changed.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And the first part of your question on selling expense, selling expense is down, and we went through a pretty significant reorganization. As we redesigned the divisions, we also reduced some of the staffing levels in some of our sales organizations, which is coming through as well.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much, I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Matt.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. I wanted to follow up on the gross margin expansion, from sort of a bigger picture standpoint. Given how significantly the magnitude of the upside has exceeded your original expectations this year, is it possible to talk a little bit more broadly about where you think gross margins can go over the next two to three years, given the continued flow through of cost savings and the mix impact between the segments? And is this accelerated growth in 2016 in any way a pull forward of some of the gross margin expansion, or I guess a reset that you hope to achieve over a multiyear period?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I can take that one. I mean, certainly we are very pleased with the cost savings we have been able to achieve and our gross margin performance. And I think one way to look at that is we are planning to invest some of those savings, and we're going to start to see that in the second half in new product launches and key brands and longer term innovation ideas, capability building in areas like digital and e-commerce. That being said, we raised our savings target, so we think there's more savings to capture. That should benefit gross margin as well as our overhead costs, and I think that together with the role of Americas Simple Meals and Beverage targeting margin expansions, that we think there's enough funding there to do a couple of things. One is to make these investments in the business and to continue to target achieving our long-term growth objectives of 1% to 3% sales, 4% to 6% EBIT and 5% to 7% EPS. So I think we feel good about where we are, and continue to grow from – plan to grow from there.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And can I ask one follow-up, I guess just with respect to the long-term targets? You're now targeting 10% to 13% EBIT growth this year. Given all the investments that you're planning to make, I'm just curious why perhaps you didn't choose to reinvest more aggressively during the second half to facilitate even higher visibility toward those targets over the next year or two. Is that just an issue of near term constraints and how quickly you can implement the types of things you would like to do?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We have a pretty disciplined process for making these types of investments, and the cost savings came in faster than we expected and we couldn't turn on a dime that quickly to reinvest. So we're starting to see some of it in the back half, and we'll continue to see that into fiscal 2017. But it really is those – it's just difficult to move that quickly on the investment side.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks, Anthony.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just to clarify on the pacing of these cost savings, can you repeat where we are year-to-date against the $110 million to $120 million target and what sort of run rate you think you're on right now as far as achieving those in the second half of the year? And also a detail around that if you wouldn't mind. Could you give me a sense of how those split between cost of goods sold and what – marketing and selling and G&A and other expenses? Thanks.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'll take that one. So against the now $300 million target, we did $85 million last year, we did $30 million in the first quarter, and we did $50 million in the second quarter. So year-to-date, first half we're at $80 million against our incremental savings target this year of now $120 million to $140 million. So we're kind of two-thirds of the way into that. That $80 million comes from a combination of head count and non-head count, and that splits about evenly. In terms of P&L, it's about a third cost, two-thirds non-cost, and within the non-head count, it's – couple of examples of some of the big drivers would be travel and entertainment, non-working marketing, and on the cost side, some of our transportation cost savings initiative. We kind of redid our entire freight lane structure, and at the end of last year, we're seeing better rates. We're seeing almost no usage of the spot market. We're seeing better truck weights. We're seeing less miles. We're seeing less inter-plant shipments. So we're really seeing a lot of nice benefit on the transportation and warehousing side coming through too.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Would you say that was the biggest area that came in ahead of your plan?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, it's across the board. Each area is well ahead of what we initially or previously thought.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. A follow-up on the issue of reinvestment. You heard the surprise and kudos on the cost reduction at CAGNY, and there was also some curiosity in the crowd about what if reinvestment would work longer term? Today you're talking about marketing tactics with Chunky and the ramp up in marketing and promotion spending into the second half of the year. But, as you think long term, what are the things that you think will – what areas of reinvestment do you think you'll make in the core to change the trajectory of the core soup and other? Thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's a great question and it's always been our intention to spend back a portion of the cost savings that we're realizing for the long term health of the business. Let me give you some examples. In the Americas, even though we're managing Americas for modest growth and margin expansion, the Americas still has some pockets of full force growth businesses. And we will continue to invest, first of all, in the quality of our products and making sure that we are looking at ingredients and the quality against our purpose of real food that matters for life's moments. Second of all, we continue to invest in our sauces business, which is really healthy, and our broth business. And then finally, having made the acquisition of Plum Organics, we're incredibly pleased with the performance of that business, and see a lot of runway in the innovation pipeline to make smart investments and continue to cultivate relationships with Millennial parents. In the Global Biscuits and Snacks front, we are very committed to expanding the Kelsen business in China and beyond. We have plans for increasing our footprint of the Tim Tam brands, and as I mentioned, we are continuously working on product quality, for example, the investment we're making back in our shapes business. We are in the United States continuing to work on our Goldfish brand, and we believe there's more growth in that brand, particularly as we move into products in the health and well-being space. And then finally, C-Fresh is our full force growth, and we've been very pleased with the portfolio of brands and categories in the produce area and in the deli part of the perimeter, inclusive of our refrigerated soup, that between the beverages, the salad dressings, the hummus, the salsas and the soup, we have a lot to work with, and we have capabilities in each one of those categories in shelf stable that we can actually bring into the fresh space, and we have a very energized team across all three of these divisions to do so. So I think based on five years ago, we have a lot more to work with, and so making sure that we make smart investments and have a discipline about it is important, but we have a lot of places where we can put our dollars.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with CLSA. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: I was wondering if you could just help me understand some of the cost savings breakdown a little bit further. You have your administrative expenses actually up 6% in the quarter and marketing down 5%, R&D it looks like down about 9%. I would have thought that with ZBB, maybe you would see something closer to the reverse. And so what's the right way to think about that? And then how do you also reconcile the savings on the cost of goods sold side? How much of that is coming from input costs versus cost savings?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, first on the admin expense. The primary driver of the increase is incentive compensation cost. Last year below target, this year above target. Ex-that, the admin would be down as a result of our cost savings initiative, so that's what you see on the P&L. Inside of costs, the inflation on input cost was about flat compared to year ago. So it was neither a help nor a hindrance on gross margin, but it's certainly been more modest than it's been. And in costs, what you're seeing is a few different things coming out of the supply chain and kind of breaking down into three chunks. One is it's just better supply chain performance. And what we mean by that is that the plants are operating at higher efficiency levels, our customer service levels are back above our targets, and as a result, we see lower inter-plant shipments. We see fewer less-than-truckload shipments, so we have better weights. We actually have less miles. So that's all kind of within how we're operating. And then we have a portion of our cost savings initiative that's coming through, and this is primarily in the area of transportation and the fact that we reworked our entire transportation network last year. So we re-contracted it, we have increased the committed carrier capacity. At the same time, we've achieved lower rates, and as a result of our service levels being where they are, we really had almost zero use of the spot market so that that's a premium cost we had last year, we don't have this year. And the third bucket is what we call productivity, where we have specific action supply chain is taking to generate cost savings. And couple of examples within that would be the capacity additions in Bolthouse Farms and in our U.S. broth business have allowed us to repatriate production from co-packers, so we're seeing that benefit come through. The other one is our soup common platform initiative, which we're also seeing benefit on the P&L. And lastly, warehousing capacity, we've made some investments in our own internal warehousing so we've reduced several lines on third-party warehouses and some of those cost reductions are coming through as well.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up on the marketing and R&D. How much of the change is pacing versus how much is driven by head count or more permanent reductions?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I don't have that number off the top of my head here. I mean, certainly we are seeing fairly significant savings in nonworking marketing coming through that line. And as Denise said, advertising and consumer spending is actually up in the quarter, but you see marketing expense on the P&L and we don't see it's (1:03:41) within selling and marketing is down, and that's primarily driven by all the work we've done on the cost savings side, both head count and some of our other nonworking marketing expenses.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And on the subject of R&D, because we continue to emphasize improving our innovation, we have brought in strong leadership. In our redesign, our product development is embedded in the business divisions with strong support from the center, so we believe we have a very aligned organization to be more agile and more responsive in the marketplace.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Our final question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Erin.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi, thank you for taking my question. I was hoping you could just provide a little bit more detail surrounding the relationship with retailers and how those conversations are going as you're working to improve the efficiency of your trade and marketing spending. Obviously, retailers are dependent on leading brands to drive store traffic and so – and obviously, you highlighted the competitive dynamics being extremely intense over the course of the call, so I was just kind of wondering how those discussions are kind of progressing and trending?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. We engage with our retailers on joint business planning where we will work with them on understanding their goals and working on plans that deliver on their goals and our goals, and then set expectations and the appropriate spending to achieve those expectations. And then there's a very rigorous process along the way to engage them with what's working and what isn't working, so there's course correcting, et cetera. So we're really positive about the relationships that we have in order to plan and execute the business. We're very engaged with retailers on revitalizing the center-store. It has been sluggish and it is a major source of profit for retailers, and we believe that we've got the portfolio that not only can jazz the center-store, but it also toggles into the perimeter as well, because many of our brands in the center-store are used in conjunction with products that consumers will buy in the perimeter as well. So we continue to work with them on those kinds of goals. And they are mutual goals. So the way we look at our trade is as an investment where we hope to continue to build a return on that investment by good planning with retailers.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. That's very helpful.
Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President-Finance Strategy and Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1668326. You have until March the 10th at midnight, at which we point we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News & Events – just click on the webcast. If you have further questions, please call me, Ken, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. This concludes today's program. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-11-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President-Finance Strategy and Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Ken Gosnell, Vice President, Finance Strategy, Investor Relations at Campbell Soup. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Gosnell: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2016. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentations. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who'll participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. As we said in this morning's news release, in fiscal 2016, the company incurred mark-to-market losses associated with interim remeasurement of certain U.S. pension plans. The impact on EPS was $0.26 per share. The company also incurred restructuring charges, implementation cost and other related costs associated with the new organizational structure and cost savings initiatives. The impact on EPS was $0.07 per share. Our comparisons of fiscal 2016 with fiscal 2015 will exclude these items for comparability. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today I'll share my perspective on the overall operating environment, the changes we've implemented at Campbell, and our first quarter business performance. The seismic shifts that we've outlined in previous meetings continue to impact the food industry, which remains under pressure from new, global economic realities, major demographic shifts, changing consumer preferences for food with an emphasis on health and well-being, and the continued growth of digital marketing and e-commerce channels. Looking at the operating environment, conditions remain challenging. In the United States, the economic situation is mixed. Unemployment continues to improve, but consumers remain very cautious. We're continuing to see Americans save more and spend less amid the uncertain economic climate. Outside the U.S., we're seeing macro-economic challenges in other markets where we have significant operations, including Canada, China and Indonesia. Generating growth in this environment has been and remains difficult. As a result, the industry continues to respond with consolidation, spin-offs, aggressive cost cutting programs, and other measures to improve operational efficiency. Meanwhile, food retailers continue to respond by reconfiguring existing stores with a focus on the perimeter by launching new, smaller formats and by investing heavily in e-commerce capabilities. Several years ago, we recognized the early signs of many of the trends that the industry is currently facing and we started taking steps designed to best enable Campbell to navigate the changing landscape. While we've made progress through fiscal 2015, our actions haven't been sufficient. That's why last year we put a bolder plan in place to reshape Campbell. We began fiscal 2016 after successfully implementing significant changes to align our enterprise structure with our strategy. We formed three new divisions with clearer portfolio roles. We began implementing a three-year, $250 million cost savings initiative that is delivering earlier than expected benefits. We created a new integrated global services organization to provide services to our divisions more efficiently and effectively. We initiated the first phase of zero-based budgeting to instill greater cost discipline and create an ownership mindset among employees. We added another growth engine in Garden Fresh Gourmet to bolster our Campbell Fresh division and extend our presence and scale beyond produce into the deli section of the store perimeter. As a result of these actions, we entered fiscal 2016 better positioned to execute against our strategic imperative. With that as context, let me turn to our first quarter results. I'm pleased with our overall performance to start the year. Organic sales in the quarter were comparable to a year ago and consistent with our expectations, given that we're cycling an increase of 5%. I'm particularly pleased with our third consecutive quarter of adjusted gross margin expansion and the improvements we've made in our supply chain. Importantly, we delivered strong, adjusted EBIT and EPS performance. As you saw this morning, we revised our annual guidance. Given our improved margin outlook for the year, we raised guidance for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, while we lowered sales guidance to reflect increased currency headwinds. Our new reportable segments align with our three new divisions. Anthony will discuss our revised guidance and provide a detailed review of our segment results in a moment, but I wanted to offer my perspective on several notable items within each of our three new divisions Let's start with our largest division, America's Simple Meals and Beverages. As a reminder, we're managing this division for moderate growth consistent with the categories in which we operate and for margin expansion. As we've discussed with you before, we're focused on increasing price realization, optimizing promotional spending, and improving our supply chain performance. While we have more work to do in its early days, I'm encouraged by the progress the Americas team made on all three fronts. As a result of our pricing and lower promotion activity, soup volumes declined as expected, consumption was soft in the quarter, but this is not surprising due to the fact that our promotional activity and new advertising campaigns started later in the quarter versus prior year. In early October, we began airing our new Made for Real, Real Life advertising. Built around the strategic insights we've shared with you about the changing mosaic of the American family, this campaign represents a major departure for Campbell and depicts how our real food fits into real people's lives in an authentic and relatable way. Digital media is playing a larger role in this campaign than in previous efforts. Looking ahead, we expect improved sales performance in the second quarter as our marketing spending increases and the campaign gains momentum. As we talked about in July, we're focused on fewer, bigger innovations in the Americas division. While our new Swanson bottled broth is off to a slower start than anticipated, both Campbell's Fresh-Brewed Soup in K-Cups and Campbell's Organic Soups are meeting expectations. The highlight in this division was the significant gross margin expansion. A major improvement this quarter was our supply chain performance, as evidenced by better customer service levels. We're cycling significant supply chain challenges, especially in transportation and warehousing. We're also benefiting from the mild inflationary environment this quarter. That said, the supply chain team has driven results ahead of expectations. Overall, the new Americas Simple Meals and Beverage division is off to a promising start in delivering against its portfolio role. Our Global Biscuits and Snacks division unifies our Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen businesses, and its portfolio role is to expand in developed and developing markets while improving margins. This division, too, is off to a promising start in fulfilling its portfolio role with organic sales growth, improved gross margins and strong earnings. I'm especially encouraged by our sales performance in our core markets, the U.S. and Australia. In U.S. biscuits and bakery, our Pepperidge Farm brands performed very well, driven by strong growth in crackers and fresh bakery, partly offset by declines in cookies. Our Goldfish business had a particularly strong quarter with double-digit sales growth. Turning to developing markets, we drove organic sales growth in Malaysia, but we're continuing to keep a close eye on Indonesia where the challenging economic conditions we outlined in September continue to impact our business. As we stated at that time, we believe it's important for Campbell to become more geographically diverse, despite short-term economic pressure in developing markets. Our third division is Campbell Fresh, which includes Bolthouse Farms, Garden Fresh Gourmet and our refrigerated soup business. Here, we're focused on accelerating sales growth and expanding into new packaged fresh CPG categories. Reported segment sales increased 8% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, sales declined 3%. Let's take a closer look at what drove the decline. In Bolthouse Farms, we delivered mid single-digit sales growth in the CPG business, behind premium beverages and refrigerated salad dressings, as we cycled double-digit growth in the prior year. However, these gains were more than offset by declines in our Farms business, which includes our fresh retail carrots business, where we're the market leader, and our ingredients business. Sales were down in carrots, although we grew share. As a reminder, carrots are an important business in that they provide both scale in produce and an effective refrigerated logistics system for our CPG business. The main culprit of the sales decline was the ingredients business. As we discussed at our Investor Day in July, the carrot concentrate business began softening last year due to weak demand in Japan. That softness accelerated in the first quarter. We expect the rate of decline in ingredients to moderate, especially in the back half of the year. While this is not the growth profile we expect from this division, we remain enthusiastic about C-Fresh and especially the CPG business. We have compelling brands, delicious products, a steady stream of on-trend innovation, investments to expand juice and salad dressing capacity, and a strong team leading the business. We expect sales in our packaged fresh CPG business to accelerate as the year progresses, driven by the continued expansion of 1915, our cold-pressed ultra-premium juice line, and the strong spring innovation suite for super premium beverages and salad dressings. Now a word on Garden Fresh Gourmet. The integration into C-Fresh is on track and there have been no major surprises. As we outlined in July at our Investor Day meeting, we're focused on driving distribution and increasing market penetration beyond its Midwest stronghold. Before wrapping up, I want to spend a moment on our cost savings initiative. We remain focused on transforming our cost structure and creating an ownership mindset, where employees treat every dollar as if it were their own. Our streamlined organization, our ZBB efforts and our integrated global services organization are all having a positive impact on both our cost and our culture. I'm very pleased with our progress in all these areas, particularly in IGS. This group is key to driving cost savings and building new capabilities. But IGS is about more than efficiency and effectiveness. Beyond the cost savings and capability building underway, IGS is helping to spur significant cultural change by fundamentally altering the way work is performed at Campbell. Looking at our three new divisions and IGS, it's still early days and we have more work ahead of us to fully unlock the potential of our redesigned enterprise structure. But we're off to a solid start. Today, we're better positioned to execute against the four strategic imperatives we outlined in July. First, we're leveraging our purpose, real food that matters for life's moments, as a filter for strategic decisions. For example, we've made recipe changes to several of our core North America products and we continue to engage consumers in open dialogue about the ingredients we use and the rationale behind our decisions as we strive to set the standard for transparency in the food industry. Second, we're shifting more of our marketing budget to digital channels and remain committed to growing our e-commerce capabilities. Third, we're advancing health and well-being imperative across our company. Our new 1915 ultra-premium juices are meeting our expectations and we've had other recent successes including Campbell Organic Soups and the distribution of carrot snacks into the New York City School Lunch Program. And finally, we remain focused on expanding in developing markets, particularly in Southeast Asia, with an emphasis on Malaysia and Indonesia. In China, we've added resources to expand Kelsen in anticipation of a positive Chinese New Year. In summary, these are unprecedented times of change marked by challenging economic conditions. In the food world, consolidation and intensified competition are disrupting and altering the landscape. At Campbell, we remain clear-eyed about our challenges, focused on the consumer, responsive to our customers, and dedicated to delivering against our purpose. I'm confident the actions we're taking will set Campbell apart from other food companies and strengthen our growth trajectory over time. I look forward to answering your questions, but now let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before reviewing our results and updated guidance, I wanted to give you my perspective on the quarter and outlook for the balance of the year. As Denise mentioned, organic sales were in line with our expectations after lapping a solid year-ago quarter. We made good progress on gross margin, which increased 260 basis points on an adjusted basis, benefiting from net price realization and supply chain performance while cost inflation moderated. I'm very pleased with the progress we're making against our cost reduction initiatives, delivering $30 million of savings in the first quarter, ahead of our expectations, and as I'll share later, allowing us to raise our 2016 savings target. Our improved outlook for cost inflation and additional cost savings will enable us to both fund investments in longer term innovation and raise our full year guidance for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. And since we last updated you, we are experiencing an additional 1 point of headwind from currency translation across the P&L as the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen. Lastly, as we indicated on our fourth quarter call, we have changed our reporting segments to align with our three new divisions and changed our method of accounting for pension and post-retirement benefits, both of which I will cover in my comments. I'll begin with the benefit accounting change and then discuss our results and updated guidance. To provide greater transparency into our financial results, we are changing our method of accounting for pension and post-retirement benefits. Previously, actuarial gains and losses were deferred and amortized into earnings over several years. In our case, we have been amortizing significant actuarial losses which arose over time, primarily from declining interest rates. Under the new mark-to-market method, which has been applied to all prior periods, actuarial gains and losses will be recognized immediately into earnings rather than amortized. We will identify the mark-to-market adjustment as an item impacting comparability and excluded from our adjusted results. Mark-to-market adjustments are recognized on remeasurement dates typically year end. What's shown on this chart is the impact on our fiscal 2015 full year and first quarter adjusted results from removing the actuarial loss amortization. Recasting our full year 2015 results increases adjusted gross margin by 70 basis points, adjusted EBIT by $97 million and adjusted EPS by $0.19. For the first quarter of 2015, the impact is an increase of 60 basis points on gross margin, $21 million of EBIT, or $0.04 per share. It is important to note that the benefit accounting change has no impact on cash flow. In the presentation of our first quarter 2016 results and guidance, all comparisons to 2015 are against this recasted 2015 adjusted base. Unrelated to the change in benefit accounting method I just described, we are required to remeasure certain U.S. pension plans quarterly during 2016, as a result of a program in which we offered and paid lump sums to plan participants no longer with the company. This remeasurement led to a mark-to-market loss of $0.26 per share in the first quarter. For the first quarter, net sales on an as-reported basis declined 2%, to $2.2 billion, primarily due to the negative impact of currency translation. Excluding currency and the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition, organic net sales were comparable to the prior year, as net price realization from both higher list prices and lower promotional spending was offset by lower volumes. Reflecting a 440 basis point increase in margin, adjusted EBIT increased 23% to $479 million, benefiting from a higher gross margin percentage, savings from our cost reduction initiative, and lower advertising reflecting a shift in spending to later in the year. These positive drivers were partly offset by currency translation, which had a 4 point negative impact on EBIT, the equivalent of $0.03 per share. Adjusted EPS increased 22% to $0.95. Just to be clear, EPS growth on an adjusted basis is not impacted by the accounting change, but reflects improved operating performance of the business. Breaking down our sales performance for the quarter, reported net sales declined 2%, with organic sales comparable to the prior year. Within organic sales, volume and mix subtracted 2 points, which was primarily driven by U.S. soup within Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, and the carrot ingredients business within Campbell Fresh. Higher selling prices in Americas Simple Meals and Beverages contributed 1 point, reflecting our pricing actions on Condensed Soup, Prego Pasta Sauce, and Foodservice in the U.S. and across the Canadian portfolio. Lower promotional spending in Global Biscuits and Snacks also added 1 point to sales growth. Currency translation had an adverse impact of 3 points on the top line. Our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, both declined against the U.S. dollar. To complete the bridge, our most recent acquisition, Garden Fresh Gourmet, contributed 1 point to net sales in the quarter. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 260 basis points, to 37.9%, exceeding our expectations of lower than anticipated cost inflation and improved supply chain performance. Within inflation and other, which negatively impacted margin by 20 basis points, cost inflation of approximately 1% was mostly offset by improved supply chain performance, primarily in the areas of transportation and warehousing. Mix was slightly negative, reflecting a small, negative impact from the acquisition. In aggregate, our price realization actions contributed 1.3 points of margin expansion, with 40 basis points from reduced promotional spending, principally trade reductions in Pepperidge Farm and U.S. soup, and 90 basis points from higher selling prices. Lastly, we're off to a strong start on our supply chain productivity programs, which contributed 160 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. Excluding items impacting comparability, marketing and selling expenses declined 15% in the quarter, primarily due to lower advertising spending, savings from our cost reduction initiatives, and the impact of currency translation. The decline in advertising reflects a shift in the timing of our spending, principally in U.S. soup, to later in the year. Adjusted administrative expenses decreased 8%, primarily due to savings from our cost reduction program and the impact of currency translation. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see, in aggregate, adjusted EPS increased $0.17 compared with the prior year, increasing from $0.78 to $0.95 per share. On a currency-neutral basis, growth in adjusted EBIT, mostly from the gross margin expansion, contributed $0.23 to EPS growth. The impact on share repurchases under our strategic repurchase program reduced our share count and added $0.01. Going the other way, net interest expense increased $3 million, about $0.01 per share, as we extended the maturity on the debt portfolio. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 34.1%, up 2.2 points versus the prior year, primarily due to our geographic mix and higher U.S. state taxes in 2016, which negatively impacted EPS by $0.03. Currency had a $0.03 negative impact on EPS in the quarter, completing the bridge to $0.95 per share. Beginning in 2016, we are aligning our reporting segments with our new division structure. We are now reporting our results in three segments. Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, Global Biscuits and Snacks and Campbell Fresh. In connection with our change in benefit accounting, we have modified our method of allocating pension and post-retirement benefit costs to the segments. In 2016, only the service cost representing the value of the retirement benefit earned in the period is allocated to segments. The other elements of expense, including interests costs on the liability, expected return on assets, and actuarial gains and losses are reflected in unallocated corporate expense. As previously mentioned, we will identify the mark-to-market adjustments as an item impacting comparability and exclude them from our adjusted results. We have adjusted our historical results to reflect these changes with fiscal 2015 sales, operating earnings and margin by segment shown on this chart. Immediately following the filing of our first quarter 10-Q, we will also provide recasted historical annual and quarterly results, including quarterly results for our segments reflecting the benefit accounting changes. Now turning to our segment results. In Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales decreased 1%, to $1.3 billion. U.S. soup sales decreased 3%, reflecting declines in ready-to-serve soups and broth, partly offset by gains in condensed soup. Impacted by our list price actions and changes to our promotional programs, soup volumes, as expected, were negatively impacted. Sales of U.S. beverages declined slightly, primarily due to declines in V8 V-Fusion beverages, partly offset by gains in V8 Splash. Sales of other U.S. simple meals increased, driven by Prego Pasta Sauces, Campbell's Dinner Sauces, and our new Prego and Pace Ready Meals. Excluding the negative impact of currency translation, sales in Canada increased driven by gains in soup. Operating earnings increased 19%, reflecting a higher gross margin percentage, which benefited from net price realization and improved supply chain performance, particularly in the areas of transportation and warehousing, and also from lower marketing and selling expenses. Our advertising expenditures were down in the quarter as we've shifted the timing of our activity to later in the fiscal year. Within U.S. soup, the 3% sales decline was driven by a 10% decline in ready-to-serve soup and a 9% decline in Swanson broth, offset by a 2% gain on condensed. Sales of our Fresh-Brewed Soups for Keurig, which are not part of the wet soup category, contributed 50 basis points of growth to total U.S. soup in the quarter. We began and ended the quarter with retailer inventories in aggregate comparable to year-ago levels. With the formation of the Americas Simple Meals and Beverages segment and our efforts to diversify the portfolio beyond soup, we do not believe subcategory sales performance in soup is as meaningful a disclosure. We will continue to provide this information for the balance of the year before discontinuing in fiscal 2017. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending November 1, 2015, the category as a whole declined 1.3%. Our sales in measured channels declined 1.7% with weakness in ready-to-serve and condensed soups partly offset by strength in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decline of 20 basis points. Private label grew share by 20 basis points finishing at 13%. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28%, unchanged versus the prior year. In Global Biscuits and Snacks, organic sales increased 2%, with growth in Pepperidge Farm in the Asia Pacific region. Sales gains in Pepperidge Farm were driven by Goldfish crackers, fresh bakery and frozen products, partly offset by a decline in cookies. In the Asia Pacific region, excluding the impact of currency translation, growth in Australia biscuits from savory and sweet varieties were offset by declines in Indonesia biscuits, as that market is facing some economic challenges. Operating earnings increased 16%, primarily driven by higher gross margin percentage, volume gains and lower selling expenses, partly offset by the negative impact of currency translation. In the Campbell Fresh segment, consistent with our expectations, organic sales decreased 3% due to anticipated declines in carrot ingredient export sales and category declines in retail carrots, partly offset by mid single-digit sales growth in Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressings. Not included in organic results is our recent acquisition, Garden Fresh Gourmet, which contributed 11 points of sales growth to the segment. Including the acquisition, the integration of which is going well, reported segment sales increased by 8%. Operating earnings doubled to $18 million, driven by a higher gross margin percentage and the impact of acquiring Garden Fresh Gourmet. The improvement in gross margin reflects lower carrot costs and a favorable mix impact of the growth in the higher margin beverages and salad dressing business relative to the balance of the segment. We had strong cash flow performance in the first quarter. Cash from operations increased by $30 million to $218 million, driven by higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures increased $9 million to $71 million. We paid dividends totaling $100 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate, we repurchased $32 million of shares in the first quarter, $25 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt was equal to the prior year at $3.8 billion as positive net cash flow generated by the business offset the impact of the $232 million acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet. Now I'll reveal our revised 2016 guidance. We are now forecasting lower than anticipated cost inflation and cost savings in excess of our previous target. Compared to our previous cost inflation outlook of 2% to 3%, we now expect inflation and cost of products sold to be approximately 2% and for our gross margin to increase by approximately 1 percentage point. Compared to our previous incremental cost savings goal of $60 million, we now expect to deliver savings in the range of $80 million to $100 million in fiscal 2016. Our cumulative cost savings target of $250 million through fiscal 2018 remains unchanged. Going in the other direction, we are experiencing some headwinds on the tax line and now expect an adjusted tax rate of approximately 32%. And as I mentioned earlier, we also expect the negative impact of currency translation to increase to 3 points as the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen. This revised earnings guidance reflects additional investments in innovation as well as our current expectations for the performance of our business for the remainder of 2016. Relative to our previous growth rates, we are increasing adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth by 2 points to 3 points on a currency-neutral basis with an offset to sales EBIT and EPS of 1 point due to the increased negative impact of currency translation. From the recasted 2015 base, and including a 3 point negative impact from currency, we now expect sales to change from minus 1% to 0%, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS to both increases 4% to 7%. The guidance also includes the impact of the Garden Fresh acquisition, which adds 1 point to both sales and adjusted EBIT. Given that there have been significant changes to our guidance, including the impact of the change in benefit accounting, we thought it would be helpful in this instance to bridge our EPS guidance in September to the revised guidance we issued today. Starting with the original guidance of $2.53 to $2.58, we've added $0.19 for the benefit accounting change and deducted the incremental currency translation headwind, which is worth $0.03 per share. With the upside from lower than anticipated inflation and incremental cost savings, we have taken the opportunity to fund additional investments in longer term innovation. The improved operating performance, net of the additional investments, is adding $0.06 to $0.09 to the guidance. Relative to our first quarter EPS growth, keep in mind that about half the Q1 EPS growth comes from marketing timing, which we anticipate will be spent back in the year-to-go period. That concludes my remarks and now I'll turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Kenneth Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we own limited time, out of fairness to others - to other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Stephanie.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Eric.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Happy holidays to all of you.
Denise Morrison: Thank you. You, too.
Eric Katzman: I guess with the respect for the one question, I guess, Denise and Anthony, what struck me this quarter most was how high the margins are in this simple meals area with the cost savings program versus kind of how low the margins are in the Campbell Fresh division, with obviously most of the growth expected to come in the latter. I mean, is that kind of low - the single digit kind of margin what we should assume is reasonable long term for the Fresh division? And is it - on a long-term basis, is it going to be how you balance the two to get to the consolidated goals? I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think the one thing to point out within Campbell Fresh is you need to parse apart the components of that business. So, half the business is the CPG side, which is the beverages and salad dressing, the other half is the Farms business, which includes the carrot business and the ingredient export business. The margin structure within Campbell Fresh is very diverse. So the CPG businesses carry a much higher margin than the carrots and natural ingredients business. And in fact, that's where all the growth is. So even within the quarter, we see gross margin expansion within Campbell Fresh because of the higher growth on the higher margin beverages and salad dressings. So just think about the algorithm, you need to think about not just the Campbell Fresh margin but the faster growing CPG margin within that. The other thing that happens to Campbell Fresh because of the Bolthouse acquisition, it carries a pretty high load of depreciation and amortization. The EBITDA margin is about twp. times the operating margin you see on the chart. So that's another thing to keep in mind. But we think the algorithm works.
Eric Katzman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Denise, you've talked a lot in recent quarters about the benchmark, historically, of 24%, 25% of sales in advertising, consumer, and trade. And it seems - I know some of this is phasing just through the year, but it does seem like you're pulling back and rationalizing where you see unproductive spending across the board on all of these areas of the P&L. So, I guess, are we any closer at this point to where you might see an opportunity to shift that benchmark down slightly, or is that still the right way to think about the degree of marketing reinvestment you need in the business to drive the top line goals?
Denise Morrison: Yeah. I mean we still believe that ACT at about 24% of sales is a competitive rate. This quarter we actually spent ACT at 23% of sales. There's a number of things going on there. First of all, in the U.S. soup business, we shifted our advertising back to later in the year and started the new campaign in October versus prior years. So you're seeing the results of that. In addition, we're shifting our spend overall to about 40% of our spend in digital, and that is creating a different dynamic between working and non-working media. And with our cost savings efforts, we're trying to be as responsible and efficient as possible in the area of non-working media. And when you shift to digital, you're spending a lot of time and expense on content, but TV is just a different dynamic. And then within trade, we have been increasing trade on a couple businesses, in Biscuits and Campbell Fresh, and we actually took pricing in our soup business. So, we'll be working our merchandising and promotion programs with more acceleration in the second quarter and the third quarter.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Thanks, Denise. I guess I'll stop there.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning, everybody.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: I'd say I'd like to wish happy holidays to you all as well. Wanted to just ask kind of one question on soup, and apologies, Ken, just a couple of minor points here. Just overall, the ready-to-serve performance, certainly quite weak. I know you hate talking about weather, but does it matter at all about kind of the temperatures that we saw in the quarter? Would that give us any explanation here? And then the second part of this question on soup is, is the performance here kind of indicative of maybe - maybe not this negative on some pieces of it, but just that you're going to really manage this soup business for cash, and this is really almost the philosophies of zero-based budgeting kind of coming through where we're going to get some really nice answers on the profit line but maybe the sales line is just fundamentally going to see some weakness as you rationalize unprofitable promotions, et cetera? So those two pieces, if you will.
Denise Morrison: Okay. I'll take that one. First of all, the soup business declined 2% after wrapping 6% increases in the year-ago comps. And what we believe drove that - and that was as expected, by the way - was the pricing increases that we took, which predominantly affected the RTS business; the fact that promotions have been shifted to later in the year; and the fact that advertising started later in October. The consumption was down in line with our expectations. I would say to you that RTS is a bit worse, condensed a bit better and broth was pretty flat. But the category was down 4%. Although I'm not a weather person, I do think that that was a factor, but I believe that all these other dynamics going on were equal factors to that one. And then, of course, our Fresh-Brewed Soup is not captured in our consumption, that's in dry soup. Inventories were comparable. We saw a little bit of a difference in broth because we carried some extra inventory into the year as we transitioned to a new screw cap on the aseptic broth. We still expect soup to grow modestly, and that is basically how we're looking at it.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hey, Rob.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Obviously, the gross margin performance was a lot higher than what anyone had expected. The guidances for 100 basis points for the year, though, I think you're up 300 basis points versus year ago already. So, why not higher, Anthony? Is it a function of the promo spending that's going to start increasing in second quarter, or is it a function of, by fourth quarter, I think you start lapping some of the supply chain improvements? Why not higher?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah, I guess there's a couple of comments, and I'm sure you guys will do the math. But following a 260 basis point improvement in the first quarter, driven by primarily net price realization and our productivity gains, getting to a full point on the year would imply, for the last three quarters, about 40 basis points of expansion. And there's a couple of points I would make. I said in my comments that cost inflation was 1% in the quarter. We expect that to be closer to 2% by the time we finish the year. And that includes this negative currency impact on the input cost of some of our international businesses, primarily the Canadian business and the Australian business. So that headwind is out there. You made a comment about some of the marketing timing, the favorability in the first quarter, that'll come back in the last three quarters. The second quarter comp is not too difficult, but it will start to lap some of the gross margin gains we had last year in the back half. So, all those things taken together would dampen that growth in the year-to-go period.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Kenneth Gosnell: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for squeezing me in. I wanted to come back to some of the trade budget optimization questions and some of the comments you made. As we look at the data, TBO seems to be a very big opportunity for you in soup and some of your other simple meals categories, yet it's been a source of leakage for you for a number of years. And I heard a reference to maybe a little bit less trade this quarter on soup, but I also thought I heard reference to actually increasing those fresh funds to mitigate some of the price increases you had going forward. So, A, is that right, that you are going to ramp more trade to deal back some of the price increases? B, do you concur with the broader observation that there seems to be a big opportunity to pull some of these inefficient dollars out? And then, C, what's the obstacle? What's the hang-up for getting this going in the right direction for you?
Denise Morrison: I believe that we have an opportunity as a company to get a better return on our trade dollars invested. And I'd like to think of it that way. We, as part of our restructure within our Integrated Global Services, are building our revenue management capabilities, not only in the Americas business, but across all three. And we have different dynamics - competitive dynamics that we're dealing with. I think the second goal is we are getting better net price realization. That has come from not only list price increases, but also working with promoted pricing. These are still early days and we want to make sure that the consumer responds to them well, they've been accepted by customers. And we're trying to find win-win solutions for ourselves and our customers with our trade programs. So, that's basically where we are right now, and we will definitely keep a close eye on it.
Jason English: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey, Denise. Thanks very much for the question. I wanted to ask a little bit bigger picture question in light of -your comments today, obviously, some strong gross margin here, and I think a lot of the questions were sort of grasping at how much revenue management versus growth is your focus as a company? And, specifically, your comment today that you want to set Campbell apart, I think you said, from other food companies, and strengthen your growth trajectory, I think you said. What metrics do you want to set Campbell apart on? I mean what should we be judging you on over the next - on what metric did you mean that Campbell would be set apart? Is it gross margin improvement? Is it operating income, segment income? What would you say to that?
Denise Morrison: I mean, we've been on a mission to generate better profitable sales growth and also, at the same time, unlock the potential of our purpose and set a new standard for transparency in the industry, which we believe will help us in achieving that trajectory of profitable net sales growth. That hasn't really changed, but it has been refined in the fact that we now have assigned the portfolio roles to the divisions, and we believe that in composite, it better diversifies our portfolio to gain that. I think we've guided with our long-term targets as to what we believe we can achieve in the next several years, and we're still working our way into those. We believe that organic growth will be an important part of this. But also, we continue to look and be very disciplined about making strategic acquisitions.
Jonathan Feeney: So, I guess - so it's pretty much just a long-term guidance you're talking about, that sort of commentary just maybe setting Campbell apart from the other food companies doesn't relate directly to the sort of financial metrics, maybe the transparency you're providing or other things?
Denise Morrison: I'm not sure [indiscernible].
Jonathan Feeney: Well, I guess what I'm saying, Denise, is, the long-term guidance you have is pretty similar to what a lot of other companies have. And I hear you have some - I see you have some strong results today, and I think you've been very - some interesting things going on in the portfolio, and I guess I'm trying to see if there's something new afoot here, or just maybe a new level of steps behind what you've talked about for some time.
Denise Morrison: No, I think our strategy's been pretty consistent. I mean we're establishing a real beachhead in fresh food, bringing Campbell's suite of capabilities to that faster growing part of the food business. We are being really transparent about our products with our new website, whatsinmyfood.com. We are talking to consumers about what's in our food, and the ingredients we use, and how it's made. And these are just steps that really distinguish us and are very true to activating our purpose with the consumer. And from all our research, whether it be with millennials or even baby boomers now, consumers are going to purchase the products from companies that align with their values. And we believe we have a very strong statement out there.
Jonathan Feeney: I see what you're saying. Thanks very much. It's very helpful. Happy holidays.
Denise Morrison: Thank you. You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe, with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Chris.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe: Hi, and happy holidays as well to you. Just had a quick question for you here. I want to understand in the soup business, so inventory levels were in line with the prior year, if I heard you correctly there, Anthony. Does that mean that they are up a little bit from where they were at the end of Q4? I'm just trying to get a sense of where they stand today and how to expect that to move going forward. And then when I look within the performances of condensed, ready-to-serve and broth, condensed is the one that seems to stand out a bit versus what like the measured channel data indicated. So, is that the one where - was there a little inventory increase in condensed in the quarter, is also part of the question.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, to the first part of the question. We always build retail inventories in the first quarter. So we always come into the quarter relatively low. We're getting into the season and we always build. The question then becomes, did you build more than you did the year-ago period? The answer to that, in aggregate, is no. The retailer inventories on a case basis, we came into the quarter and ended the quarter about the same. And then if you look underneath that by subcategory, I would say that condensed and RTS got a little bit of benefit, and broth saw a little bit of a negative in terms of impact of shifts within the portfolio. But I think where we ended the quarter is kind of a normal place for us relative to the seasonal build we typically see in the business.
Denise Morrison: Just another build on what Anthony said, our sales on broth in the quarter were down 9% and we were cycling comps of plus 17% a year ago. And our consumption in the quarter was flat. So that also was a factor to evaluate the performance.
Christopher Growe: So in the context of your promotional spending plans, usually your promotional spending is working down, as I think it did this quarter, a bit, you tend to see inventories come out of the system. Is that what you'd expect for the year then, or can you go that far to speak to that?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah. By the time we cycled the full year and we get to the end of the fourth quarter, it's typically our low point in the cycle. So all of this stuff that happens as we build into the season, come out of the season, generally works its way out by the time we get to the end of the fourth quarter.
Christopher Growe: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So can I ask about some other parts of the business, specifically V8, cookies and then SpaghettiOs, which I know is fairly small. But in each of those, it's a similar pattern to what we're seeing in soup. You seem to be trading off market share in exchange for better EBIT and better price realization. Should we expect those trends to continue or are you scrambling to try to turn it around? I'm just trying to get an idea of the strategy there. And then just some comments on SpaghettiOs, it looks as though even before the recall, the sales were really coming down quite heavily. Is that something you're kind of pulling away from? Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Let me tackle beverages first. The category continues to remain challenged, although we have seen some signs of improvement. Our consumption and share were down slightly in quarter one. We have a couple puts and a couple takes. V8 Splash and V8 + Energy continue to perform well and we're very encouraged by our V8 Veggie Blends launch. And we've had a bit of decline on our V8 red juice, and I think that's due to consumers trying some different types of vegetable juice now in the Veggie Blend line. And our V8 V-Fusion business continues to be a challenge. And we've had a couple quarters of good growth in immediate consumption and we had some trade timing issues in the quarter, so that was down about 1%, but our equivalent volume in that channel was up 8%. So we continue to be encouraged about the new network we've set up there. We know that's an opportunity for us. And finally, we launched our Veggies For All campaign and we really like what that's doing for the brand in terms of the equity. So we're still very committed to the V8 program. We think it's a timely, on-trend brand for the health conscious consumer that offers a lower calorie option and less sugar option in this world of juice. Cookies, we saw - no pun intended - we saw a softness on our cookies, predominantly in the classic line. However, we did have a really, really good quarter on Goldfish crackers, up 10%. So, we still have some more work to do on cookies. And SpaghettiOs...
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah, I can do that.
Denise Morrison: Yeah, go ahead.
Anthony DiSilvestro: The premise of the question I would disagree with a little bit. I mean the price realization on soup is relatively unique to soup. We haven't done a lot of price realization on V8, cookies or SpaghettiOs. SpaghettiOs sales are relatively flat in the quarter. V8's down, it's primarily a V8 V-Fusion issue, and as Denise mentioned, Chunk cookies are a particular issue within the Pepperidge Farm portfolio that we're addressing, but we haven't made a strategic decision in those businesses to go for price realization and better EBIT in exchange for market share.
Alexia Howard: Okay, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
David Palmer: Thanks and Happy Thanksgiving.
Denise Morrison: You too.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Happy Thanksgiving.
David Palmer: Just to follow up there on your crackers business and, particularly, you mentioned Goldfish being strong. That's been a tough category for a lot of companies, the healthy snacking area. What's, perhaps, going right there for you? And how confident are you that you can keep that going? And then, on cookies, that's become tougher for a variety of players there, and seems like sweet snacks in general has been tough. What is the plan for that segment? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: Yeah. We definitely have been very focused on keeping our Goldfish programming strong. I think that that business is hitting on all cylinders with good advertising, a good promotional program, and the right proposition for millennial parents and their children. So, we continue to be pretty excited about our Goldfish business. And I think that mothers still feel like that is a very positive snacking for their children. I think we have more work to do on cookies, and we're working on that as we speak. We do have new leadership right now in the Pepperidge Farm business, and that team is really coming together and focusing on the next wave of innovation of ideas. And I'm not sure there's anything more to add to that.
David Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta, with Barclays. Your line is open.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Thank you for taking the question. Was hoping you would talk a little bit about your view on the current rate environment. Specifically, you had $1.5 billion in short-term borrowings. Do you expect to continue rolling in this market or refinance it?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah. So, as I mentioned, we did term out some of the debt portfolio in the recent past, taking advantage of relatively low fixed rates. We have a sizable backstop credit facility against a commercial paper program, and we're fairly comparable with the level of CP we have in the marketplace today. I mean, clearly, with what's happening in the credit markets, we continue to look at that and evaluate alternatives, whether to term out some of that CP, or whether to use the derivative market to convert some of the that floating exposure to fixed, but that's kind of an ongoing thing that we continue to assess here.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Thank you very much.
Anthony DiSilvestro: You're welcome.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Kenneth Gosnell: All right, thank you, Stephanie. From all of us at Campbell, Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes, by going online or calling 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1665411. You have until December 8 at midnight, at which point all of our earnings calls will be strictly on the website, under News & Events. If you have any further questions, please call me, Ken Gosnell, at 856-342-6081. if you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. This concludes today's program. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-09-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gosnell - VP Finance Strategy and IR Denise M. Morrison - President and CEO Anthony P. DiSilvestro - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup  Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Ken Gosnell. Please go ahead.
Ken Gosnell : Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager of Investor Relations.  As usual we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to our slide two or our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning's news release in the fourth quarter the company incurred charges associated with its initiatives to implement a new enterprise design that better aligns with our strategies to reduce cost and to streamline organizational structure. The company recorded pretax restructuring charges of $93 million related to the program and pretax charges of $13 million and administrative expenses related to the implementation of these initiatives.  The aggregate after tax impact of the restructuring charges and implementation cost was $0.21 per share. Last year, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded $21 million of pretax restructuring charges and restructuring related cost. We also recorded an additional $4 million of pretax settlement charges associated with the U.S. Pension plan. The aggregate after tax impact of these items was $0.06 per share.  Also as a reminder fiscal 2015 included 53 weeks, with the extra week falling in the fourth quarter. The extra week was worth an estimated $129 million in net sales, $37 million in EBIT and $0.08 in EPS. The adjusted results exclude the impact of the additional week in the prior year. Our comparisons of the full year 2015 with 2014 will exclude previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which is included in our appendix.  Lastly, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2016 earnings dates. We plan to release first quarter earnings on November 24 which will include the new segments and pension and post-retirement benefit accounting changes with the re-casted prior year Q1 data. Shortly after we release our 10-Q, we will release the remaining re-casted financials. The next three earnings dates are February 25, May 20 and September 1, 2016.  With that, let me turn the call over to Denise. 
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you Ken and good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. This morning I will offer my perspective on our performance, provide a progress report on several major strategic actions we initiated in 2015, including our redesigned enterprise structure and cost savings effort and share my outlook and areas of focus for fiscal 2016.  At our Investor Day in July, I described how the food industry is in a period of revolutionary change, which presents both challenges and opportunities for Campbell. The changes in the industry are being driven by several seismic shifts; new global economic realities in the U.S. and abroad; major demographic changes and the redefinition of the American family; profound changes in consumer preferences for food, with greater focus on health and wellbeing, and the impact of digital technologies on marketing, shopping and the growing demand for greater transparency about food.  The convergence and acceleration of these shifts are reshaping the consumer and retailer landscape. Combined with the prevailing industry dynamics of consolidation and cost cutting these shifts are placing increased pressure on traditional center store categories and mainstream food companies.  With this as context, I'll focus my remarks this morning on our performance for fiscal 2015, review the important strategic actions we initiated during the year and highlight our key drivers for fiscal 2016. First I'll briefly comment on our fourth quarter results. I'm pleased that we finished fiscal 2015 inline with our revised expectations. Sales in the fourth quarter reflected the tough consumer operating environment with organic sales increasing 1%. Three of our five segments grew organic sales in the quarter.  More importantly, we made significant progress in our internal actions to address our supply chain issues related to shipping capacity and customer service. We've also made substantial strides to improve our cost structure through our cost savings initiatives and enterprise redesign. We've reported the largest gross margin improvement in more than six years. Adjusted EBIT and earnings per share increased 5% in the fourth quarter.  I was particularly pleased with the fourth quarter organic sales and earnings performance in U.S. Simple Meals as well as organic sales growth in Bolthouse and Foodservice. In the quarter we also completed the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet, a fresh salsa and hummus business that will provide a platform for our further expansion in the Deli section.  Turning to our full year results; with the solid finish we delivered sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS consistent with our most recent guidance. Organic sales increased 1% with growth in four of our five reporting segments. Adjusted EBIT was down 2% for the year and adjusted gross margin declined 70 basis points for the year, within the range that we had expected. As I look at the year I'm pleased that our management team responded to our first half cost and margin challenges in a difficult operating environment. I am particularly encouraged with the improvement in gross margin we delivered in the back half and the fact that we posted organic sales growth in four of our five reporting segments. However we recognize that we have more work to do. Before Anthony provides you with a detailed review of our results I will offer my perspective on several notable items, focusing on the full year. Looking at the year within U.S. Simple Meals the performance of our sauce business was a standout; notably Prego and Campbell’s dinner sauces. Prego had another strong year behind the success of our white sauces and overall product superiority. Sales of Campbell dinner sauces increased double-digits for the year. Our strategically important Plum business drove double-digit sales growth with new products and continued distribution gains especially in the grocery channel. In U.S. soup consumer takeaway was relatively stable and we posted positive share performance. For the year our Global Baking and Snacking segment performed well. Organic sales increased 3% and operating earnings were up 5%. I feel particularly good about the improvement in Australian biscuits as the team made significant progress in this important core business. In Southeast Asia our Indonesia business delivered another year of double-digit growth but sales declined in the fourth quarter as a result of worsening economic conditions in this market, which we expect to persist. We had another year of decline in shelf-stable U.S. beverages. While the category remains challenged the underlining trends of our business are beginning to show signs of improvement. Consumer takeaway and share increased in the fourth quarter. Modest sales declines in V8 Red Juice were more than offset by the introduction of V8 Veggie Blends. Trial and repeat of Veggie Blends continued to meet expectations and depths of repeats remain strong. We expect our new advertising campaign to drive additional trial.  V8 Splash our powerhouse brand for kids and V8 Plus Energy continue to perform well. In our immediate consumption channel we are beginning to see some momentum. We feel good about the overall direction of this business but we still face challenges, particularly with the continued decline of our V-Fusion franchise. In fiscal 2016 the entire category will remain under significant pressure. While we expect our U.S. Beverage businesses to improve we are not planning on a return to growth. Let’s now turn to the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment. As a reminder Bolthouse Farms consists of the farms and CPG businesses. Farms includes our retail fresh carrots business and our ingredients business, mainly carrot concentrate. CPG consists of our super premium beverages, ultra-premium beverages and refrigerated salad dressings. We continue to be enthusiastic about Bolthouse Farms, especially the branded CPG business. For the year CPG sales increased high single-digits. Gains were driven by product innovation, increased distribution for beverages and incremental shelf-space at existing customers for our salad dressings. The initial rollout of our cold pressed organic ultra-premium beverage line 1915 by Bolthouse Farms is off to a good start. After completing the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet in June we have begun integrating the business. Thus far there have been no surprises and we are pleased with the retailer response to our long-term plans. Fiscal 2015 was an eventful year and we took important steps to lay the foundation for the future. We redesigned our enterprise structure and our three new divisions are now operating in line with their declared portfolio roles. We established our integrated global services organization and moved elements of finance, procurement, marketing, sales, HR and IT into the shared service group. It's early days but we're off to a solid start.  The focus in fiscal 2016 will be working smarter, creating efficiencies and reducing costs, while starting to build new enterprise capabilities within this group. We initiated plans for zero-based budgeting process. We're piloting ZBB in two cost categories in fiscal 2016 with plans to expand in the future. We believe this discipline will be of great value to Campbell going forward.  We're off to a very good start to realizing our $250 million cost savings target. We delivered earlier than expected savings of approximately $85 million across several categories, including headcount reductions, non-working marketing, reduced travel expenses and spending on consultants. We added another growth engine with the acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet to bolster our Campbell Fresh portfolio and extend our presence in the perimeter beyond produce into the deli section. We initiated an important project to increase consumer trust by providing greater access to information about the ingredients we use and how we make our food. This is accelerating, meaningful changes to our recipes. For instance, overtime we're planning to eliminate artificial colors and flavors from nearly all of our North American products.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2016, we plan to deliver moderate growth in what we believe will continue to be a consumer environment marked by caution. As we outlined at our Investor Day in July, starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 we'll change our reporting segments reflecting our three new divisions, each with a distinct portfolio role. In our America Simple Meals and Beverages division we will focus on driving moderate growth while expanding our margins. We'll deliver this by focusing on fewer bigger initiatives that will attract new consumers while driving additional consumption by our loyal core consumers.  For example, our Campbell's fresh fruit soups in K Cups will provide a new convenient way for consumers to enjoy soup. This represents an incremental eating occasion that taps into the growing frequency of smaller meals and snacks. Additionally, we'll take an industry leadership role by increasing our transparency efforts. We'll provide greater access to information about more of our North American product on the whatsinmyfood.com website. We also plan to improve more of our recipes consistent with our purpose.  In global biscuits and snacks we're focused on expanding in developed and developing markets while improving our margins. In the developed markets of the United States and Australia, we're concentrating on restoring improved levels of growth. In the U.S., we'll apply a disciplined focus to consumer driven innovation, increased marketing behind our Goldfish and Milano brands and fuel growth in our fresh bakery portfolio.  In Australia, we'll continue to improve our core Shapes products and drive Tim Tam's momentum, while shifting our marketing mix towards digital. We'll also remain focused on faster growing spaces, building on markets where we have a foothold such as Indonesia and China. We’ll monitor and adjust to the economic conditions in both of these countries throughout the year. We recognize that there may be short-term economic pressure in these markets. In the long-term we believe that it is essential to become more geographically diverse with a higher percentage of our business in faster growing developing markets with an expanding middle-class.  In the Campbell Fresh division we'll make focused investments to accelerate sales growth and expand into new categories. As we outlined at Investor Day our priorities are to build on the successful launch of our ultra-premium offering 1915. The product is in 2,000 stores today and we expect to expand to 8,000 stores during the first quarter. We will continue to accelerate our refrigerated salad dressing business through innovation and increased distribution. And finally we will integrate the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition and our existing refrigerated soup business into the Bolthouse Farms' fresh platform and significantly expand our market penetration. We expect our sea fresh business to become a full force growth engine for Campbell. Across all of our businesses we’ll continue to actively explore external development opportunities that make both strategic and economic sense. We will also remain focused on transforming our cost structure and culture. We are off to a promising start with our cost reduction efforts but we must remain diligent and continue to create an ownership mindset where employees treat every dollar as if it were their own. In closing, I am cautious but optimistic about fiscal 2016. I believe that the strategic imperatives we are pursuing, purpose and transparency in our core business, digital marketing and ecommerce, health and wellbeing and expansion in developing markets, coupled with our divisions' clear portfolio roles position us well for the year ahead. We’re very clear eyed about our challenges, particularly driving sustainable sales growth, but we’re now better organized and better prepared to meet those challenges head on. We believe that our strategy to focus on driving growth, aggressively reducing cost and reinvesting a portion of the savings in the areas of our business with the greatest growth potential is the best way to create shareholder value. I look forward to answering your questions in a few minutes. Now let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Thanks Denise and good morning. Before reviewing our results and guidance I wanted to give you my perspective on our performance and future outlook. We finished the year with a solid quarter. I am very pleased with our gross margin performance in the fourth quarter, which improved by 180 basis points, benefiting from our price realization and productivity efforts. The improved gross margin and earlier than expected cost reductions drove 5% gains in both adjusted EBIT and the EPS for the quarter, despite a two point negative impact from currency translation. We made very good progress against our three year $215 million cost savings target, delivering about $85 million of savings in fiscal 2015. For the full year we delivered results within our recent guidance ranges with EPS of $2.46 at the top end of the range. Looking ahead to 2016 our guidance, when you exclude the impact of currency translation and the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition is within our new long-term targets. Now I will review our results in more detail. For the fourth quarter net sales on an as-reported basis declined 9% to $1.7 billion, primarily due to the impact of one less week and the negative impact of currency translation. Excluding those factors and our recent acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet organic net sales increased 1% in the quarter as we benefited from higher selling prices. Adjusted EBIT increased 5% to $234 million driven by a higher gross margin percentage, partly offset by higher incentive compensation expenses and a two point negative impact from currency translation. Adjusted EPS also increased by 5% to $0.43. For the full year reported net sales declined 2% with organic sales gaining 1% led by the strong performance of our Global Baking and Snacking segment. Adjusted EBIT declined 2% to $1.2 billion, reflecting a lower gross margin percentage, a two point negative impact from currency translation and higher incentive compensation expense partly offset by volume gains and the benefit of our cost savings initiatives. The decline in gross margin down 70 basis points was driven by higher than anticipated cost inflation and the supply chain issues we experienced in the first half, partly offset by productivity and pricing gains. EPS of $2.46 was comparable to the prior year. Decomposing our sales performance for the quarter as-reported sales declined 9%, with organic sales increasing by 1%. Volume and mix affected one point which was primarily in our Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Beverages segments. Higher selling prices across four of our reportable segments added one point to sales. Reduced promotional spending contributed one point to sales growth primarily driven by the Global Baking and Snacking segment.  Currency translation had an adverse impact of three points. Our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar both continued to weaken against the U.S. dollar. Our recent acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet added one point to sales and the impact of one less week subtracted seven points.  Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 180 points to 36.1%. For the quarter, and moderating relative to earlier quarters, inflation increased by approximately 2%. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact on gross margin of 1.1 points. Mix had a negative impact of 40 basis points. In aggregate, our price realization actions have contributed 1.2 points of margin expansion with 40 basis points from reduced promotional spending, principally trade reductions in Pepperidge Farm and 80 basis points from higher selling prices, primarily on condensed soups, Prego and in Canada.  Lastly, we continue to drive meaningful productivity gains in our supply chain, which contributed 210 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter, and overall on operating efficiencies we're above prior year levels.  Marketing and selling expenses declined by 7% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of currency and reductions in selling expense and non-working marketing, both benefiting from our cost management efforts partly offset by an increase in advertising and consumer promotion expense. Adjusted administrative expenses increased 10% driven by higher incentive compensation costs compared to the prior year in which the expense was significantly below targeted levels.  For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS change between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see, adjusted EPS increased $0.02 compared with the prior year increasing from $0.41 to $0.43 per share. On a currency neutral basis, growth in adjusted EBIT contributed $0.04 to EPS. Net interest expense declined $3 million, about a penny per share primarily due to the impact of one less week.  With $200 million of share repurchases throughout the year under our strategic share repurchase program, this has reduced our share count and added a penny to EPS in the quarter. Going the other way, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 34.8% up 80 basis points versus the prior year reflecting a shift in the mix between U.S. and foreign earning and negatively impacting EPS by $0.01. Currency had a $0.01 negative impact on EPS in the quarter completing the bridge to $0.43.  Now turning to our segment results, in global baking and snacking our largest sales segment in the quarter. organic sales increased 1% as growth in Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s were partly offset by a decline in Kjeldsens. Sales gains in Pepperidge Farm were driven by Fresh Bakery, Goldfish Crackers and frozen products partly offset by a decline in cookies. Organic growth in Arnott’s reflected gains in Australia, partly offset by a decline in Indonesia.  Operating earnings declined 26%, driven by the impact of one less week, higher marketing and administrative expenses, principally incentive compensation, currency translation and impairment charges to minor trademarks, partly offset by gross margin expansion. Excluding the impact of one less week, currency translation and the impairment charges, operating profit increased in the quarter.  In U.S. Simple Meals, organic sales increased 4% while dollar consumption of soups in measured channels increased 1%. Movements in retail inventory levels contributed to sales gains in the quarter. As you may recall, movements in retail inventory levels had a negative impact on third quarter sales and we're experiencing the opposite effect in the fourth quarter. We ended the year with retail inventory levels comparable to the prior year. Organic sales in other Simple Meals increased driven by the continued strong growth of Prego pasta sauce. Segment sales also benefited from higher selling prices in condensed soups and Prego pasta sauce. Operating earnings increased 4% reflecting organic sales growth, productivity improvements and benefits from our cost savings initiatives, partly offset by cost inflation and the impact of one less week.  In the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment organic sales increased 4%, with growth in Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressing and North America Foodservice partly offset by declines in Bolthouse Farms carrots. Operating earnings fell 3% on higher administrative expenses and the impact of one less week. U.S. beverage organic sales fell 4% primarily due to volume losses in V8 V-Fusion. While consumer takeaway dollar sales in measured channels was positive, sales were negatively impacted by reductions in retail inventory levels and sale declines in the club channels. Operating earnings declined 23% due to the sales declines, including the impact of one less week. International Simple Meals and Beverages organic sales declined 5% from weakness in Canada and Australia. Operating earnings declined $10 million or 48% primarily due to volume declines, including the impact of one less week and currency translation. This chart shows the as-reported sales performance of U.S. Soup, unadjusted for the impact of one less week which subtracted seven points in the quarter and one point for the full year. For the quarter U.S. Soup sales declined 2% with condensed down 4%, ready-to-serve down 3%, and broth up 11%. Excluding the impact of one less week sales of condensed soups increased with gains in both eating and cooking varieties driven by net price realization. Sales of ready-to-serve soup also increased excluding the impact of one less week, primarily driven by the launches of our Fresh-Brewed Soup [indiscernible] and our line of organic soups. The double-digit sales gain on Swanson broth was primarily led by aseptic varieties. For the fiscal year, as shown towards the bottom of the chart soup sales declined 3% the prior year, as a 3% decline in condensed and a 5% decline in ready-to-serve were partly offset by 3% growth in broth.  Here’s the U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending August 2, 2015, the category as a whole declined 0.9%. Our sales in measured channels declined 0.7% with weakness in ready-to-serve soups partly offset by gains in broth.  Our share increased 10 basis points in the last 52 weeks and has now been relatively stable for three years. Other branded players in aggregate had a share of 28.1%, declining 30 basis points, while private label with a 12.6% share gained 20 basis points.  We had strong cash flow performance in fiscal 2015. Cash from operations increased by $283 million to almost $1.2 billion driven by lower working capital requirements; lapping the taxes paid in 2014 on the divestiture of the European Simple Meals business, and lower pension contributions.  Capital expenditures increased to $380 million as we increase capacity in Goldfish, Bolthouse Farms beverages, broth in North America and biscuits in Indonesia. We paid dividends totaling $394 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate we repurchased 244 million of shares in fiscal 2015, 200 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt increased by approximately $60 million to $3.8 billion as gains in cash flows were more than offset by the $232 million acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet.  Now, I'll review our fiscal 2016 guidance. The company expects to grow sales by 0% to 1%, adjusted EBIT to grow by 3% to 5%, and adjusted EPS to grow by 3% to 5% or $2.53 to $2.58 per share. This guidance includes the estimated native impact of currency translation of two points across sales, EBIT and EPS. This guidance also includes the impact of the Garden Fresh Gourmet acquisition which is estimated to contribute one point of sales and EBIT growth. The acquisition is neutral at EPS including the impact of reducing our anticipated share repurchases to repay the acquisition debt. Excluding the impacts from currency headwinds and the acquisition, these growth rates are within our long-term growth targets of 1% to 2% organic sales, 4% to 6% for adjusted EBIT and 5% to 7% for adjusted EPS. While we don't give quarterly guidance, I will say that we expect some sales headwinds in the first quarter given we're cycling a strong first quarter from last year and from timing related to our promotional strategies. As announced this morning, we intend to adopt mark-to-market pension and post-retirement benefit accounting in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and recast our historical results. This change eliminates the deferral and subsequent amortization of historic actuarial gains and losses which will be recognized as incurred.  The periodic mark-to-market adjustments will be reflected as an item impacting comparability and therefore excluded from adjusted results. We believe this accounting change will improve the transparency of our results and the year-to-year comparability. The 2016 guidance does not reflect the impact of the anticipated accounting change. However, 2016 growth rates are not expected to change from the re-casted 2015 base.  As we operationalize our new division structure beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we will move from our current five reporting segments to three, America's Simple meals and Beverages, Global Biscuit and Snacks and Campbell Fresh. Historical results, reflecting both the new segments and change in accounting will be provided shortly after we file our first quarter 10-Q.  Turning to some of the key assumptions underlying our guidance; we expect inflation in cost of product sold of approximately 2% to 3%, including the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on the input cost of our international businesses. Cost inflation will be offset by gains from our ongoing productivity program, which excluding our ZBB initiatives is targeted at 3% of cost of product sold. We expect our gross margin percentage to improve modestly as we continue to achieve net price realizations and improve our supply chain performance. We are accruing incentive compensation below the target levels in 2015 and anticipate a headwind of approximately $0.04 per share in 2016. The effective tax rate is estimated to be in the range of 31% to 32% compared to the 2015 adjusted rate of 31%. This guidance assumes about $0.02 per share incremental contribution from share repurchases which are expected to be at levels below fiscal 2015.  We are forecasting capital expenditures to decline by $30 million to approximately $350 million, which is more inline with our historical spending levels.  In fiscal 2015, we launched the comprehensive reorganization and a three year cost reduction initiative leveraging a zero-based budgeting approach and targeting annual savings of $250 million. As shown in the chart, we have achieved about $85 million of savings in 2015 as we've reduced headcount and realized savings across several cost categories. For 2016, we are targeting to increase the savings run rate to $145 million which will put us more than halfway toward $250 million goal.  Most of the 2016 gains will come in the selling and marketing and administrative expense lines. The majority of the more complex supply chain gains will come later in the program. To implement the program we estimate total program cost in the range of $250 million to $325 million. In fiscal 2015 we recognized costs totaling $124 million, which includes $22 million of implementation costs and $102 million of restructuring charges principally severance as we implemented both a voluntary incentive separation program and headcount reductions as we've streamlined our organization. Against this program we estimate program costs of approximately $100 million in fiscal 2016.  That concludes my remarks. I now turn it back to Ken for the Q&A.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time out of fairness to other callers if you could please ask only one question at a time. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse Securities. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow: Hi, thank you. The gross margin expansion obviously was much higher than what we all expected, and I don’t know, have you given any specific guidance for what kind of expansion you expect in fiscal ‘16? And also was there any help in the quarter resulting from kind of like the mismatch of incremental costs that you took on in first and second quarter, Anthony? I remember there were some noise there related to some inefficiencies for extra cost that needed to be spread out over multiple quarters. Did that influence the fourth quarter expansion at all?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: So Rob, I will comment on the fourth quarter and then I will come back to 2016. The fourth quarter comp is fairly clean. The only thing that gave us some advantage this year relative to last year is the timing of the mark-to-market adjustment on our commodity hedges. So we had a little bit of favorability this year relative to last year. So a small portion of that 180 basis points is that, and the rest is improvement in the operating performance of the business.  In terms of 2016, as I said in my remarks, we expect to see a modest improvement in our gross margin percentage and I think the way to think about it there is a number of positives and a number of negatives. On the positive side our annual cost productivity program where we target 3% of cost, obviously that’s the most significant benefit. We expect to see continued benefit on net price realization, mostly from the pricing actions that we’ve taken in the back half of this year. We do expect to see some margin improvement from improved supply chain performance year-on-year, given the challenges that we have in the first half of last year.  On the negative side, three things to mention. One is cost inflation which we expect to be about 2% to 3% and that includes the negative impact of currency on the input cost of a number of our international businesses, but also includes some negative mix and lastly the cost of some quality improvements we are making in some of our -- both our products and packaging.
Robert B. Moskow: Okay, I’ll let it go, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John J. Baumgartner: Thanks good morning. Denise wanted to ask about Global Baking and Snacking and the volume pressure there. Maybe if you could address in a bit more detail some of that pressure in Asia, particularly I guess Kjeldsens in China. And then in the U.S. cookie business and the softness here, it seems that Pepperidge pricing really began to outpace the category over the past few months. Are you seeing some elasticity impact there and how are you seeing that for fiscal ‘16?
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, let me start first with our core business in the United States and in Australia we are pleased with the share in consumption of Goldfish crackers and in particular Milano, although we did experience in the quarter some softness in cookies. That was pretty much as expected, because we -- in the biscuit business in the United States, particularly in the quarter, we did not promote as heavily as last year because the promotions were not as productive as we would have expected. So that was pretty deliberate. But we expect moderate growth in the United States on our biscuit business.  In the Australian business we are really happy with the year that we had there. That has been a pretty remarkable turnaround. We were challenged in Australia for a couple of years and they have now posted really outstanding results and it’s been really on the fundamentals, better advertising, more innovation, more brand building, more digital. So we believe that the building blocks they put in place there are very sustainable.  We had a great year in Indonesia with double-digit growth but we did have a slow fourth quarter and all you have to do is pick up a newspaper to see what’s going on in Asia these days. But we’re watching that very careful and we believe -- look we have lot of runway in Indonesia to expand our distribution points but we are going to be very responsible about that business in '16.  And then the Kjeldsens business, this is a very small quarter for Kjeldsens. The sales are skewed in China largely towards Chinese New Year. But that said, we did have some inventory overhang from Chinese New Year this year and we're working through that right now. And that hit us predominantly in the fourth quarter. 
John J. Baumgartner: Perfect, thank you Denise. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open. 
Chris Growe : Hi thank you. Good morning. 
Denise M. Morrison: Hi Chris. 
Chris Growe: Hi, just a quick question if I could then. I just wanted a sense of the degree of promotional spending and what you expected to do across the year. I know every business is different and I'm sure broadly you have expectations for each business. But is there an overall outcome [ph] that's going to come from promotional spending may be related to that advertising, not sure I heard that, what you expect advertising spending for the year? Thank you. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, we are continuing to manage our trade promotions to maximize our profitable volume. We're maintaining a focus on competitive activity in both our customer programs and in our consumer response. And we are, as noted, looking for opportunities to improve our trade spending not only for ourselves to get a better return but also for our customers to get a better return. And so there is no real strategy to cut back but they're definitely is improved analytics and revenue management. So we have a much more productive trade spend.  In total, our advertising consumer and trade was about 24% of sales which we try and aim for about 24% to 25% as a rule. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Good morning 
Jason English: First a quick housekeeping question. Can you guys quantifying what the 2015 EPS base is going to look like post the re-casting related to pension accounting?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Sure I can do that. I think the way to think about it in 2015, the amortization within our pension expense is going to be about $100 million pretax. And that's a good proxy for the impact of the accounting change when we through a bunch of pluses and minuses. I think a couple of additional points on this, these plans have been close to new hires for a couple of years now. They're very well-funded. We ended the year at 97% to 98% in terms of funded status. And we don't expect to make any contributions to our U.S. plans in 2016. 
Jason English: Thank you. That's helpful. And you mentioned ZBB focused on two cost categories. Can you specify what categories those are?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, we did our pilot program on our non-working marketing and also on the consulting. 
Jason English: And on marketing, it's -- you're focusing on more productivity there? It's down around 17% from your fiscal '10 high. How much further can you go, and as you try to some of balance and walk the line of containing promotions and I think it's encouraging to see that promotions actually being a positive contributor to sales, can you do both at the same time. Can you continue to hold the line of marketing and find efficiencies there, while at the same time pulling back or find the efficiencies on trade spend? Or is it a either/or type situation as you think about the forward? 
Denise M. Morrison: I think that we look at the marketing mix as the three elements of advertising consumer and trade. And of course that mix is going to vary by business in terms of what degree we spend. But we do have some shifts going on. As Anthony alluded to we are making a conscious effort to reduce our non-working marketing where it's not a productive spend.  The second is within advertising, we are shifting more dollars out of conventional TV and more into digital. And that spend has been shifting overtime but will be up to 40% going forward. And then we try again for ACT to stay in the range of about 24% to 25% of sales and that's remained pretty constant over the last couple of years. 
Jason English: Thank you very much. I appreciate the color and I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC. Your line is open. 
Denise M. Morrison: Hi David. 
Operator: David, if your line is on mute can you please unmute it? We'll move onto our next question. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Denise M. Morrison: Hey, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Real quick one, regarding U.S. Simple Meals, and forgive me if you mentioned this, but you talked about positive movements in the retailer inventory levels. Can you elaborate a bit on how much that helped and what happened that your customers, I guess loaded up a bit on purchases versus the prior year?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think it's more about how we came into the quarter. If you recall the third quarter I think our sales were down 10% while our consumption was only down one. So we came into the quarter with inventory levels down. We ended the quarter and the year with retail inventories about where they were a year ago. So in the fourth quarter while our consumption was plus 1%, our organic sales were plus about 5%. So we had about four points of lift from that shift in inventory.
Ken Goldman: Thanks and a quick one if I can, in terms of U.S. cookies your two main competitors have made some DSD investments there. Can you talk about whether you think those investment have affected your business at all negatively, and whether you might want to add to your capability there to match what some of your peers have done? 
Denise M. Morrison: I can't comment really on competition investments. But I can say that we continue to be very supportive of our independent distributor network. They are a large part of our business model and we'll continue to build the business alongside of them.
Ken Goldman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew C. Grainger : Hi, good morning everyone.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Hi, Matt.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning.
Matthew C. Grainger : Denise, I just wanted to touch on the -- come back to the outlook for U.S. beverages in 2016, it sounds like you are still cautious, definitely from a sales perspective. But is it possible that we could begin to see some improvement in margin or profit growth? And as you think about the growth profile of that business, given how persistent volume declines have been, do you think there may be an opportunity to perhaps take a more profit maximizing approach, perhaps focus a little bit more on pricing realization?
Denise M. Morrison: We are doing both and obviously the category itself has been under a lot of pressure based on the consumer and so what we've been really focused on is how do we broaden our line and better deliver on the things that consumers are looking for in vegetable juices and we believe that vegetable juices have an advantage based on the consumer trends. We learned a lot from Bolthouse and actually our V8 veggie blends reflect a broadening of vegetable based beverages based on consumer preferences for those particular flavor profiles and we think that that is really taking the business in the right direction.  That said we still have some leaky bucket in our V8 V-Fusion that we're dealing with. Our V8 SPLASH and V8 Plus Energy are doing really well and our immediate consumption has now posted the second quarter of growth. So we've got some good signs on the growth curve, but more things working than not. But we're still are cautious about declaring victory yet.  The other thing we're working on is a mastering complexity project in our supply chain which we believe will have a really positive impact on our profit going forward. But that is a longer term play.
Matthew C. Grainger : Okay, thanks and then just to come back to some of the more on trend new products like V8 Veggie blends. Is that something, maybe not initially but something that you feel can be rolled out in a more of a margin neutral way given sort of the added quality components of it?
Denise M. Morrison: The brand -- Veggie Blends is showing some really good trial and repeat, and we believe we do have to invest marketing to drive the trial because the repeats are so strong. Building a new product today is heavy lifting and so making sure that we breakthrough and we are supporting the brands we put out there is an important idea.
Matthew C. Grainger : Sure. Okay, thanks Denise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Denise M. Morrison: Hello, Bryan.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane: Just a quick question about just the cost inflation assumption for 2016, can you just give us some color around where the inflation pressure is, especially most more recently you’ve seen some commodity movements that would presumably be more favorable and also just to what degree your inflation assumption for 2016 reflects some incremental cost related to the like ingredient changes?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Sure, I can you give you a little more color on that. So overall, like I said earlier the cost inflation of about 2% to 3%. If you parse that apart and look at the core ingredients and packaging and energy component it’s about 1%. And within that the key drivers will be about five categories, vegetables, flavors, sweeteners, chocolates and we have a significant increase in -- as a result of the avian flu, in both eggs and pasta. In eggs we’re looking at inflation rates of close to 50% in fiscal ’16. So those are the key drivers of the 1%. Then on top of that there’s a couple of other items. So first would be and I alluded to it, the FX impact of input cost on our Canadian business and the Australian business is fairly significant.  And then the other couple of pieces, one would be wage raise within the supply chain and also benefits both healthcare and pension. And in terms of the commodities, because you mentioned some of the prices coming down, we're locked in to about 75% of our commodities for fiscal ’16.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay, great. That’s very helpful and have a great Labor Day Weekend everyone.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you, you too. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Fini with Asos Research [ph]. Your line is open. 
Denise M. Morrison: Hi, Jon.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you? Good morning. One question I had. I wanted to get more detail about the -- you mentioned retailer inventories particularly within Simple Meals. Any kind of detail you can give us about how sustainable those are, particularly in broth where sales are particularly strong, what kind of went on and maybe more detail by channel? I know you discussed it a little bit but are there any particular retailers who are moving inventories around in a way that affected profit this quarter? Thanks.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, other than the comment I made earlier that we came in to the quarter with inventory below last year. I mean it’s kind of a rocky road. We started the year and ended the year about the same place, right which isn't a lot of retail inventories. The issue that we saw all throughout the year was the quarterly volatility starting with the first quarter with the timing of the holidays change because we had one less week in the fiscal year and then some timing in the third quarter where we pulled back quite a bit on some of our promotional activity in soup and that led to some reduction in retailer inventories. That corrected in the fourth quarter and I’ll say again we ended the year at relatively low levels comparable to a year ago and I don't -- can't think of any particular anomaly within that Jonathan. 
Denise M. Morrison: The drivers are really that inventory movement is largely a function of promotional activity and as we’re noting the activity is not consistent quarter-to-quarter and inventory changes are largely individual customer decisions. So those are three other points that round out that discussion. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great, well. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
Denise M. Morrison: Hi, David. 
David Driscoll : Thank you. Good morning. Denise, I wanted to ask a little bit about this new segment America Simple Meals and Beverages, and just really to ask about the margin opportunity that’s there for the segment, and I want to say something that I feel like that there’s been almost a basic philosophical shift here, such that the focus moves from what I perceive in the past as just kind of a maniacal focus on volumes to a very different business focus for that segment, now just going for profit. So number one, am I right -- am I overstating kind of the philosophical shift and can you give us some dimensions on the margin opportunity, and I'm not too concerned about the timeline, this is not a fiscal ’16 question, I really want to understand big picture where it’s going?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I think, expecting that business to grow moderately at the top line and expand margins is a more balanced approach to the portfolio in terms of expecting these categories to do what they can do. And that doesn’t mean that we won’t have pockets of growth. For example the Plum business resides in that category in to -- in that division. And we expect robust growth from Plum. We also are not taking our foot off the gas on innovation but we're being a lot more selective about the innovation we put into the market, because we're in a different place. And couple of years ago we didn't have a pipeline.  And so what happened as a result are some little ideas got out into the marketplace. Today we have built the pipeline and we could be more choiceful about the larger ideas, where we know we're going to get an impact from. And so I think this is a much more responsible way to run this business. And we believe that we can deliver better value for our shareholders with this approach. 
David Driscoll : But is there any way to kind of put a kind a guideline to this margin expansion. I mean I'm trying to get a sense of just is this 10-20 basis points a year or is this something that has a bigger potential than that?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I would say let me put it at this way, I think there is an opportunity overtime to grow the profit in that division above the company target. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, and it has been eroded for the past couple of years. So by -- getting into our cost structure and getting into the discipline of zero-based budgeting we're going to be able to do this in a very surgical way, so that it sticks in a sustainable way. 
David Driscoll : I really appreciate the comments. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open. 
Denise M. Morrison: Hi Diane. 
Diane Geissler: Good morning.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Diane Geissler: I wanted to ask about the soup category. So we're heading into the start of the soup season here. It seems just anecdotally the category is a little promotional. I'm sure it's probably promotional every fall, because it is the high season. Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on shelf and from the retailers in terms of the levels of support they're looking for? And is there any divergence from what you've seen around this time kind of every year?
Denise M. Morrison: It's early days in the season. Right now where we're focused on is making sure that our shelf space is intact and the products are merchandized correctly on shelf. We have new products that are being cut in like the K cups and organic soup, making sure that that's sufficiently placed. Our Campbell sales team is working with customers on a robust promotion schedule and not -- but pretty consistent with what we had in prior years. So at this point in time I don't see anything unusual. I don't know Anthony if you have anything to add?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, nothing. 
Diane Geissler: And the K cups, how will you account for those? Are those -- what do you consider those condensed or…?
Denise M. Morrison: We actually believe they will be largely incremental to the category because it is an incremental usage occasion, going after soup as a snack. We believe that there is a great overlap between our Campbell soup users and Keurig users. And our research has confirmed that. We are shelving it in the coffee aisle, in about 70% of the retail environment. And that's basically because we believe that people who are interested in buying K cups will see this as a real positive in terms of expanding the usage of their dispensers into new categories and new usage occasions.  We have two pack sizes, one designed to drive trial which we situating in the soup aisle and then the -- that’s a two count pack, and then a six count pack in the coffee aisle. So we're pretty excited about it. It's going to be different, but we believe that the space has really been a game changer for coffee and we expect some good things from it. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The segment classification is the good question. And I'd have to think about that and what we'll do when we get to the first quarter I'll make sure I highlight which segment we put that in.
Diane Geissler: Okay. And how many flavors are in the K cups?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I think right now it's just two. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, two.
Diane Geissler: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: You're welcome. 
Operator: And that does conclude the Q&A session. I'll turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Ken Gosnell: Thank everyone for joining our fourth quarter call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after this call. You can go online or if you are calling 188-266-2081 the access code is 1660929. You have until September 17 at which point we move our earnings call straight into the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Just click on recent webcast and presentations. If you have any further questions please call me, Ken at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions please call Carla Burigatto, our Director of External Communications, 856-342-3737. This concludes today's call. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-05-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup third quarter 2015 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Candice, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we'll be making forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two in our presentation, or to our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. In the third quarter, the company incurred charges associated with our recently announced initiatives to implement a new enterprise design that better aligns with our strategy, reduces cost and streamlines organizational structure. The company commenced a voluntary separation program and recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $9 million related to the program for severance and benefit related costs. The company also recorded pre-tax charges of $9 million in administrative expenses related to the implementation of these initiatives. The aggregate after tax impact of the restructuring charges and implementation cost was $11 million or $0.04 per share. Our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with 2014 will exclude those items impacting comparability. Because we used non-GAAP measures, we've provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Before we begin our discussion of the quarter, I'd like to cordially invite our sell-side analysts and institutional investors to our annual investor day at Campbell's World Headquarters. RSVP's are required. Campbell vendors and all others are invited to join by webcast. This year's event will be held the afternoon of Wednesday, July 22. We plan to make it a very informative day for you, featuring presentations by Denise Morrison, Anthony DiSilvestro and our three divisional presidents. We'll include updates on our plans for the company, the three divisions and our cost savings programs, and will also allow plenty of time for interacting with management. So with that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our third quarter call. A great deal has transpired since we last spoke in February, both at Campbell and in the marketplace. So I believe it's worthwhile to spend time on both topics today. I will share my perspective on the third quarter, and then comment on the broader state of the consumer and events in the food industry since our last earnings call. I'll also provide an update on the progress we made since last quarter in our strategic enterprise redesign, which we discussed in February. Overall, I am pleased with our results this quarter, especially the improvement in our gross margin. While sales declined in the quarter, this was primarily due to unfavorable currency and the impact of retailer inventory movements on our U.S. soup business. Organic net sales declined by 1%. Importantly, gross margin improved as we took several actions to address the declines in the first half, and adjusted EBIT and EPS were better than expected. In U.S. Simple Meals, U.S. soup sales were below our expectations, declining 10%. Consumption and market share remained relatively stable. The gap between consumption and sales performance was primarily due to significant unfavorable inventory movements by retailers. Our analysis suggests that this was largely a result of our reduction in trade spending and merchandising, as compared to the prior-year quarter. Last year, promotions did not generate the anticipated lifts. Therefore, reducing our spending was the right thing to do. In doing so, we expected consumption and shipments to be down, with retailer inventories relatively stable. In fact, consumption was actually better than we expected, but retailer inventory declines exceeded our expectations and are now below prior-year levels. Consequently, sales were below expectations. Within our soup portfolio, we are encouraged by the performance of our premium offerings. Slow Kettle continues to perform well, and our new Campbell organic soups achieved solid distribution gains. Soups for easy cooking are below expectation. Looking ahead, we will begin shipping Campbell's fresh brewed soup in K-Cups in the fourth quarter. In our other simple meals business, Prego continued to perform well, led by increases in white sauces and distinctive varieties. Consumption of Campbell dinner sauces remained strong, and we will be adding new grilling sauces to the platform. Plum sales increased double digits in the quarter, with both share and distribution gains. Plum is now the clear market share leader in organic baby food in the United States. Our shelf-stable U.S. beverage business performed within our expectations. While this business remains challenged, the early read on V8 Veggie Blends is encouraging. ACV distribution is on plan, and trial is meeting our expectations. Most importantly, depth of repeat is strong. V8 Protein Bars and Shakes are performing below expectations. In Global Baking and Snacking, excluding currency, sales rose with solid volume gains in Australia and Indonesia. We feel very good about the progress we've made in Asia-Pacific under the new leadership team in that market. In the U.S., our Pepperidge Farm business delivered sales gains in fresh bakery, cookies, and crackers. Notably, Goldfish sales increased 5% in the quarter. And marketing increased across our Biscuit and Snacks business. I'm particularly pleased that this segment's operating earnings increased 18%. Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressings grew slightly. In our premium fresh beverage business, we were cycling inefficient promotions from a year ago, which we did not repeat in the quarter. Sales were also negatively impacted by a planned SKU rationalization and the introduction of fewer new items to reduce complexity. Our decision to optimize promotional spending contributed to much stronger operating earnings for the segment. Looking ahead, our spring innovation is now in the market, including our new cold pressed ultra-premium beverage line, 1915 by Bolthouse Farms, and the initial read has been positive, setting the stage for better sales growth in beverages in the fourth quarter. Clearly, our gross margin improvement was the main reason for encouragement in the quarter. We achieved net price realization by reducing promotional spending and taking pricing action. So far, consumer response to our pricing actions has been within our expectations. We benefited from moderating inflation and other factors and delivered an adjusted gross margin increase of 70 basis points, mitigating declines in the first half of the fiscal. Our adjusted EBIT of $305 million and EPS of $0.62 were ahead of what we expected. We are improving our EBIT and EPS guidance to the favorable end of our range. Anthony will discuss our guidance in more detail in a few minutes. Turning now to the industry dynamics, this is a tumultuous time in the food industry. We all recognize that the consumer landscape has changed dramatically, driven by a number of seismic shifts. The great recession's impact on consumer purchasing behavior, Global demographic changes, profound shifts in consumer preferences relative to food and the disruptive impact of digital technologies. All of these are contributing to mounting consumer demand for greater transparency about where and how their food is made. These shifts are converging to create a new normal for the food business. They've produced a persistently challenging environment, with significant volume pressure on mainstream food products, particularly center-store categories. As a consequence of this new normal, industry participants have initiated a series of strategic actions, including spinoffs, consolidation, acquisitions of small purpose-driven brands, and aggressive cost-cutting measures. The broad adoption of zero based budgeting has set a new bar for cost management in the industry, and the recent consolidation only intensifies the situation, placing even greater focus on cost management. Campbell is focused on creating shareholder value, by strengthening our core business and expanding into faster-growing spaces. Areas of emphasis include health and well-being, particularly fresh and organic foods, and Biscuits and Snacks in both developed and developing markets with a focus on Asia and Latin America. We are increasing our investment in digital marketing, and connecting with consumers in line with our purpose, real food that matters for life's moments. We are doing all of this while instilling an ownership mindset that will help us aggressively manage our costs. We've been paying close attention to the industry dynamics, and strongly believe a strategy that focuses on driving growth, aggressively reducing costs, and reinvesting a portion of the savings in the area of our business with the greatest potential is the best way to create shareholder value over the long term. With that as context, let me update you on our strategic enterprise redesign. Anthony DiSilvestro will update you on our major cost reduction efforts in a few moments. We've begun to make changes in the structure of our enterprise to unlock the value of our assets, eliminate barriers to growth, and fulfill our dual mandate to strengthen our core business and to expand into faster-growing spaces. These changes are absolutely essential, and will enable us to fully leverage all we've learned about the key trends in the consumer, customer and business environment. We are working hard to complete the reorganization of our business operations into three principle divisions. First Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, which we will manage for moderate growth and higher profit. Second, Global Biscuits and Snacks, which will help us, leverage the scale of our combined Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen businesses across developed and developing markets. And finally our Packaged Fresh division where we will make focused investments to accelerate our growth in the Packaged Fresh category. We've appointed the leadership teams for both Americas Simple Meals and Beverages and the Global Biscuits and Snacks division in the third quarter. Additionally Ed Carolan has been named to the Campbell leadership team for our new Integrated Global Services Group which will include elements of finance, information technology, marketing services, procurement, and human resources. This group will be a key step in our efforts to reduce costs and elevate operational excellence through shared services and capability-building across the enterprise. We believe our strategic enterprise redesign, inclusive of our cost-reduction efforts, will be game-changing for our company and for our culture. As we pursue our dual mandate, guided by our purpose and growth agenda, this represents the logical next step in our goal of shifting our center of gravity, accelerating our growth trajectory, and maximizing value for our shareholders. In closing, it has been a very eventful quarter for Campbell. Amidst all the organization changes under way at the company, the team remains focused on driving our performance. It's important to remember that while our industry navigates this volatile landscape, we continue to look at our business and the operating environment with clear eyes, and a clear plan to make the necessary changes at Campbell's to improve our performance. I look forward to sharing more of our strategic plans with you at our investor day on July 22. Thank you, and now I'll turn the call over to Anthony for a detailed discussion of our results.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give my perspective on our results, guidance and our cost reduction efforts. Overall, we are pleased with our results for the third quarter. Organic sales were modestly below our expectations, declining slightly, which was primarily the result of movements in retailer inventory levels in the U.S. impacting our U.S. soup business. Our gross margin percentage increased in the quarter, helping to recover some of the declines we experienced in the first half. Gross margin is benefiting from reductions in trade promotion spending across a number of our businesses, list price increases we've taken in the marketplace, and a moderating level of cost inflation and improved performance relative to the first half in the area of freight and distribution. With one quarter remaining in the fiscal year, we're narrowing our guidance ranges. While sales are expected to be at the low end of the range, benefits from our cost reduction efforts and a reduction in expected incentive compensation costs are pushing us to the favorable end of the ranges for adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. As we've discussed, over the next three years, we plan to reduce costs by at least $200 million, or 2% to 3% of annual sales. Leveraging a zero-based approach, we'll streamline our organization's structure to eliminate excess layers, and target expense reductions across a number of cost categories. In connection with our organization efforts in the quarter, for certain U.S. based employees nearing retirement; we offered a voluntary employee separation program under which most of the eligible employees who elected to participate will exit by the end of the fiscal year. Additionally, as we begin to implement a zero-based budgeting approach, we are beginning to realize savings in a number of categories. Now, I'll review our results in more detail. For the third quarter, net sales, on an as-reported basis, declined by 4% to $1.9 billion, primarily due to the negative impact of currency translation. Excluding currency, organic net sales decreased 1%, as declines in U.S. Simple Meals, driven by the adverse impact of retailer inventory movements on U.S. soup sales, were partly offset by organic sales gains in our Global Baking and Snacking and international segments. Adjusted EBIT in the quarter fell 2% due to unfavorable currency translation and increased marketing spending on a constant currency basis, partly offset by improved gross margin performance. Reflecting a lower share count from our strategic share repurchase program, adjusted earnings per share of $0.62 was comparable to the prior year quarter. For the nine month year-to-date period ending April, reported sales were comparable to the prior year, with organic sales gaining 1%, led by our performance in Global Baking and Snacking. Adjusted EBIT declined 4%, as the negative impact of a lower gross margin percentage and currency translation were partly offset by volume gains and lower marketing and administrative expenses. EPS of $2.02 is down 1%. Decomposing our sales performance, organic sales declined by 1%, while currency translation reduced sales by 3 points. Our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, both weakened against the U.S. dollar. Within organic sales, volume mix contributed 3 points to the sales decline. The decline was primarily related to our U.S. Simple Meals segment. Higher selling prices, primarily in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking, added 1 point of growth. Reduced promotional spending across our four largest segments contributed 1 point to sales growth. The most significant reductions were in U.S. soup, Pepperidge Farm, and Bolthouse Farms, and reflects our efforts to improve price realization across the portfolio. As you'll see on the next chart, these price realization efforts, both on list price and trade promotions, are contributing to improved gross margin performance in the quarter. Our adjusted gross margin percentage increased by 70 basis points, compared to the prior year. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative margin impact of 2.4 points. For the quarter, cost inflation, as a rate, increased by approximately 2%. In addition, costs of products sold reflects the adverse impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on the input costs of our international businesses. And while we have made progress in our performance throughout the quarter, particularly in the area of freight and distribution, supply chain costs are above the prior year. Due primarily to the sales decline in U.S. soup, we experienced 30 basis points of negative mix. In aggregate our price realization actions have contributed 1.6 points of margin expansion, with 70 basis points from higher selling prices, primarily in U.S. Simple Meals and Baking and Snacking, and 90 basis points from lower promotional spending across four of our five reporting segments. Lastly, we continue to drive meaningful productivity gains in our supply chain, which contributed 180 basis points of margin improvement. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 2% in the quarter, due to the impact of currency and lower marketing overhead expenses, partly offset by an increase in advertising and consumer promotion expenses, which increased by 8%. Increased levels of advertising in Global Baking and Snacking were partly offset by reductions in U.S. Simple Meals and U.S. Beverages. Adjusted administrative expenses were down 1%, as spending reductions and the impact of currency were mostly offset by higher incentive compensation costs compared to the year-ago quarter. Across both of these expense lines, we are achieving benefits from our cost management efforts, including our $200 million cost reduction initiatives. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS changes between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see, adjusted EPS was comparable to the prior year. Excluding the impact of currency, growth in adjusted EBIT contributed a penny of EPS growth. Net interest expense declined $2 million versus a year ago, as we reduced our debt level. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 30.3%, down 40 basis points versus the prior year adjusted rate. With rounding, neither interest expense nor taxes had an EPS impact for the quarter. Under our strategic share repurchase program, we have repurchased 150 million year to date, and this has added one penny to EPS in the quarter. Currency had a $0.02 negative impact on EPS in the quarter. We continue to estimate that currency will have a two-point or $0.05 per share negative impact for the full year. Now turning to our segment results. In U.S. Simple Meals, sales declined 6%, driven by 10% decline in U.S. soup sales. While dollar consumption of soup in measured channels declined by just 1%, movements in retailer inventory levels, compared to the prior year, drove most of the sales decline in the quarter. The decline in soup sales reflects lower volumes, partly offset by a reduction in promotional spending and higher selling prices. Sales in other simple meals increased 2%, driven by Prego pasta sauce and Plum Organics. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals declined 16%, reflecting a lower sales and a lower gross margin percentage, partly offset by lower marketing. The lower gross margin percentage includes cost inflation, which was above the company average, and the impact of unfavorable product mix. Global Baking and Snacking had a strong quarter, as 5% organic sales growth was driven by the performance in Arnott's biscuits, with volume gains in Australia and Indonesia. Sales gains in Pepperidge Farm were driven by growth in Goldfish crackers and fresh bakery, partly offset by declines in sales of Pepperidge Farm frozen products. Kelsen also grew sales in the quarter. Operating earnings increased 18%, driven by gains in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's, reflecting improved gross margin performance and sales growth. In the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment organic sales decreased 1%, with sales declines in Bolthouse carrot and natural ingredients, partly offset by growth in Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressing and North America Foodservice. Operating earnings increased 35% on lower promotional spending in Bolthouse Farms Beverages and productivity improvements. U.S. beverage sales fell 2%. Benefiting from lower marketing spending, operating earnings increased by 17%. International Simple Meals and Beverages organic sales improved 6% on gains in both the Asia-Pacific region and in Canada. Operating earnings were comparable to the prior year, as the benefit of higher organic sales was offset by the negative impact of currency translation. For U.S. soup, sales declined by 10% in the quarter with condensed down 4%, RTS down 18%, and broth declining 13%. Movements in retailer inventory levels which we believe were driven by the reduction in year-over-year promotional spending was the primary driver of the sales decline. As I mentioned, consumer take-away in measured channels for the comparable 13-week period ending May 3 declined 1% in dollars. Year to date, as shown at the bottom of the chart, Soup sales declined 3% versus the prior year, as a 3% decline in condensed and a 5% decline in ready-to-serve was partly offset by 2% growth in broth. Consumer take away in measured channels for the comparable 39-week period ending May 3 also declined 1% in dollars. We ended the quarter with retailer inventory positions below prior-year levels. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending May 3, 2015, the category as a whole declined 1.1%. Our sales in measured channels declined 1.4% with weakness in ready-to-serve soups, notably Homestyle, partly offset by gains in broth. Our share declined just 20 basis points in the last 52 weeks, and has been relatively stable for three years. Other branded players in aggregate had a share of 28%, also declining 20 basis points, while private label with a 13% share gained 40 basis points, reflecting recent gains in broth. We had strong cash flow performance in the first nine months. Cash from operations increased by $208 million to $971 million, due to lower working capital requirements, wrapping the taxes paid in 2014 on the divestiture of the European Simple Meals business, and lower pension contributions. We continue to forecast that cash from operations for the full year will reach $1.1 billion. Capital expenditures increased to $242 million. We continue to expect capital expenditures of about $400 million for the year as we increase capacity to support growth in our faster-growing businesses. We paid dividends totaling $297 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate we repurchased $192 million of shares in the first nine months, $150 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Net debt declined by approximately $130 million to $3.6 billion. Now I'll review our 2015 guidance. As a reminder, this guidance is based off a 52-week adjusted 2014 as shown on the chart. Our guidance ranges also include an estimated negative impact of currency translation of two points across sales, EBIT, and EPS. As we announced earlier this morning, given we just have one quarter remaining, we are narrowing our fiscal 2015 guidance. For sales, we expect to be closer to the low end of our minus 1% to plus 1% range. For both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, we now expect to be at the favorable end of the previously announced ranges of minus 7% to minus 5% for adjusted EBIT, and minus 5% to minus 3% for adjusted EPS. The outlook in both adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS reflects our cost management efforts, including benefits from our previously announced $200 million cost reduction initiative as well as a reduction in expected incentive compensation costs. At the end of the second quarter, we said that incentive compensation represented a $0.06 per share headwind for 2013. Based on our current outlook we are now forecasting that this impact will be approximately $0.04 per share, most of which will impact our fourth quarter performance. For the full year, we continue to forecast that our gross margin percentage will decline by approximately 1 point. The tax rate will be in the range of 30% to 31%, and interest expense will be slightly below the prior year. That concludes my remarks and now I'll turn it back to Jennifer for Q and A.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks Anthony and Denise. We'll start our Q&A session. Since we have a limited time, out of fairness to other callers please ask only one question at a time.
Operator: And our first question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. I had a question about...
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. I had a question about the promotional spending cuts. Do you think that that could extend into fiscal 2016 as well? How much additional discipline do you expect to use in the soup franchise and others? And then just a quick one on Global Snacking. Denise, you have talked about Global Snacking for a while. But Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm, they are different brand names, the packaging is different, there's not a lot of crossover – that I see anyway in terms of products that are similar. Is there additional kinds of synergies that you could see between the regions that they haven't been capturing yet? Thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Let me take the first one on the trade spending. I want to go back in particularly to U.S. soup. And I'm going to go back to the year 2013, where we actually increased our – we were actually operating our trade at a certain rate, and we had a 14% lift in sales. In 2014, we increased that by about 3%, and our sales were flat. So our analytics suggested that that was not a good spend, and there were many unproductive promotions out there that weren't doing the retailer any good, or us any good. So we course-corrected that in 2015 in the quarter, and went back to the same rate we were spending in 2013. We are still within the ACT of 25%, which is our goal, and that strategy really hasn't changed. But that said, we continue to be much more disciplined in our analytics on every dollar we're spending out there and the return we're getting for that and that will continue into the future. On Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm, they definitely are different. We have been expanding the Arnott's brand beyond Australia, into Southeast Asia, and particularly Indonesia, and also in Asia, in Hong Kong. Pepperidge Farm's been expanding more into Canada, and where we are seeing the synergies is in R&D. There's a lot of sharing going on in that area, but by putting the Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen brands together in one division, we expect that part of that will be a global brands team that will start to look at, now that we have platforms in these countries, how can we expand with the brands that we have to take advantage of that scale? So more to come on that, but that's the plan.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Rob, I'll just add to Denise's comment on the first part. We're not going to comment too specifically on 2016 but we are very focused on improving our gross margin over time and we recognize part of that program has to come from net price realization, and to me, there are three areas we'll be looking at. One is, we'll continue to look for opportunities to improve our list price realization. We'll continue to drive our analytics to improve the efficiency of our trade spend, whether that's removing unprofitable deals or improving the profitability of others. And we'll also look for strategic opportunities to move up our promoted price points over time. So, those three things collectively will contribute to price realization, which will hopefully contribute to gross margin expansion.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thank you.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hello, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, I realize you – with respect to gross margin I guess you kept the gross margin guidance for the full year the same as previously, even though the fiscal 3Q gross margin came in what seems like better than you and many investors had expected. So, I'm just trying to get a sense of – is there something that you see in the fourth quarter, albeit it's a seasonally small quarter, that would suggest gross margin steps back a bit or something doesn't come through quite as significantly? Or is it just – it's a small quarter and see how it plays out?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Andrew, I would say, relative to our own expectations, gross margin was only slightly better than we expected in the third quarter, and that's kind of flown through to the change in guidance. At the end of the second quarter, we did anticipate and did expect to improve gross margin percentage in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So, we do continue to anticipate a modest improvement in gross margin percentage in the fourth quarter as well, to get back to that, close to that minus 1 point forecast that we gave you guys.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And Anthony, are inventories at a point where they're sort of artificially low, such that shipments outpace consumption going forward into next fiscal year? Or are we just at a new ongoing level of inventory that now maintains from here?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's a really challenging question to answer. Obviously, we don't control the level of retailer inventory levels. We do see that they're down relative to last year. And I would say, if they follow their typical pattern and get close to where they were at the end of the fourth quarter last year that would imply some tailwind for us on soup sales in the fourth quarter. But, again, that one is really hard for us to project.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just have a question for you, a bit of a follow-on to Rob's question if I could, which is (36:05) keeping total spending (36:12)
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, Chris? I'm sorry. Chris, you're really cutting out. Do you have a hand set you could use?
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm on a hand set, so maybe I'll requeue. Is this any better?
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: It still sounds – you're in and out. Could you call back in and we'll put you back in, maybe after the next one?
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, can you make sure that happens?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. And our next question will come from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hello, Matt.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. I'll apologize in advance to Chris if I front run his question; that wasn't my intention.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: But I wanted to ask about promotion too. I guess, Anthony and Denise, I appreciate some of the progress you made during the quarter on gross margin. But it also feels like we have gone from one extreme to the other extreme, with gross margins stronger on lower promotion and higher pricing, but also unwinding a lot of the progress that it felt like you were making on volumes and inciting some inventory reduction by retailers. So I guess, I think you touched on elasticity being roughly in line. But is this really the type of volume response you expected to these promotional changes? And if so, do you feel that this is the right balance going forward?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Matt, I think that what we've been paying very close attention to is consumption and market share. And to give you some idea of that, our consumption was down 1% for the quarter. Condensed was down 1%. RTS was down 2%. RTS Premium was up 28%. Slow Kettle was up 50%. And so, we're continuing to see stability in the category, and in our performance in the category. So that's what we've been paying attention to, as opposed to excess inventory driven by promotion spending, or the latter effect.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So there's nothing in the reaction to the promotional changes here in Q3 that you feel a need to change – tweak strategy in the short term?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I'd say, on Soup, that the consumption has actually held up a little bit better than we had anticipated, given the reduction in trade promotion.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And can I ask just a quick follow-up on inventories? Clearly a big part of that was a reaction to the changes in promotional support, but there has also been some press reports pointing to individual retailers actively shifting the balance of merchandising activity away from some of the of store categories. So, just curious whether you think some of what we saw here in Q3 was more sort of broad programmatic changes at major retailers, as opposed to a specific reaction to your behavior?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we think it's more about what happened last year, and what happened in the third quarter last year. We increased quite significantly the amount of trade promotion in U.S. soup. And, quite frankly, it did not result in the lifts we had expected, and it resulted, therefore, in higher inventory levels at retail. And all we're doing is kind of wrapping that. So this is more about what happened last year than what's happening this year.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And this year, we actually gained four feet of shelf space for premium soup.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks, both.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Have we got Chris back?
Operator: And we do have Chris Growe. Your line is now open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, how does this sound?
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Much better. Thank you.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wish I could say was calling from a beach somewhere, but I am unfortunately in my office here. I just had a quick question; it was a bit of a follow-on to Rob's question earlier, and forgive me if you answered this. I may have missed it. As you have reduced promotional spending but kept your overall marketing and promotional spending, that pressure on the consumer, it would imply that more money is going behind advertising. Is that right? Or should that overall kind of 25% of sales start to come down as you get more efficient with your trade spending?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The 25% ACT is about the average in CPG. So we keep that as a guardrail. But the divisions will work with all the drivers of demand to figure the right mix for the brands that they are responsible for. In this quarter, we actually did have an increase in advertising by about 8%. With 11% in constant currency dollars. But that mostly went toward the Biscuit and Snacks business in both the United States and in Australia. There was a reduction in advertising and consumer in the Simple Meals business.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Does that advertising increase then more than make up for the decline in trade spending?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. Total marketing, advertising, consumer and trade is down a bit in aggregate, compared to last year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. If I could just ask one other follow-up as well, just in relation to the new product contribution, I know you are focused more on fewer, bigger, better, if we can use that term. I am just curious. You had a lot of new product activity this year in 2015. Has that been contributing strongly to revenue growth for the year? Is there any metrics you can look at, like how much your revenue has come from new products this year?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know if you got that figure.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I don't have that figure in front of me.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I don't either. I think that I can address the fewer-bigger, though, because we have still had a disproportionate amount of line extensions that – things like soup for easy cooking that just haven't contributed meaningfully. And it's created some complexity in our supply chain. So what we've been doing is really focusing on a fewer, bigger platforms like the dinner sauces, like the organic food, like the Slow Kettle, that we can build and will have a meaningful contribution. We're going to try some things that aren't going to work. The trick is to catch them early and move on.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A question about U.S. Beverages. In this quarter, sales were only down modestly I guess year-over-year, and you had pretty good profit contribution. I understand I guess part of that is just the marketing expense was lower. But are we closer to the point now where you feel like you've got that business stabilized? Or is that just too much of a read into this quarter?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean, I call them green shoots. Not waving the victory flag yet. But we are again seeing really positive signs from the new V8 Veggie Blends, and the impact that's having on our vegetable juice. Our Splash business is strong. Our single-serve business did pretty well in the quarter. Where we've been hit is the V8 V-Fusion, and we're just dealing with that one.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And then just one follow-up, and maybe I'm not following this correctly. But it sounds like retailers didn't buy as much soup as you thought they would have; yet the takeaway was a little bit better even in response to the promotional level. So did retailers not buy enough soup? Like would you have sold more soup if retailers had bought more? Or is that not the right way to read it?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I wouldn't read it that way. I think your first part of your question was right, is that the consumption has held up better than we expected, but the change in retailer inventory levels was more than we expected.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. Have a great holiday.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You too.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. You too.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Eric.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody. I have maybe a little bit of a longer-term question, then a short-term question. Why don't we deal with the latter first, the short-term? Anthony, the corporate expense line was a lot lower than we had expected. Is that a function entirely of the incentive comp, or is there other stuff going on there?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: When you say the corporate line, unallocated corporate?
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, exactly, within the segments.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think what we're seeing is a relatively big benefit from our cost management efforts, so earlier in the year, we had put some restrictions on hiring. We had put some restrictions on discretionary spending, and then later in the year we started our $200 million cost reduction initiative and we're seeing some early benefit from that, but I think you put those two things together and we're doing a bit better on the cost management side. A lot of that's coming through the G&A line. Some of it's coming through marketing overhead and we're just seeing a little bit, doing a little bit better on the cost side than we had originally anticipated.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Denise, I guess the longer-term question is, at CAGNY you told us that in simple meals you are going to more of a relative top-line approach. And in listening to your explanations today and certainly over the last couple of years, there has been new product efforts and promotion, and sometimes it's worked and sometimes it hasn't, and that's kind of swung things around both from a sales to gross margin to profit standpoint. And so as you implement kind of more of the simple meals or relative top-line approach and combine with ZBB, I mean, do you basically anticipate that division sales kind of being flat to down and profit up as promotion is just less volatile and arguably less of a negative? Maybe you can give us some initial thoughts there, and I'll pass it off. Thanks.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it is fair to say that the – a couple years ago, the simple meals business was in a hole, and we've gotten to the point where we've gotten stability in consumption and market share over the past two years. Now we've got to get to profitable growth. That said, that's going to be moderate, based on where that category is, and where it plays today. We do anticipate margin expansion in that division as well, so that's the portfolio role that Americas Simple Meals and Beverages will play.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks. Have a good weekend.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You too.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks; good morning.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, John.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Denise, just wanted to come back to the beverages side for a minute. You have been out some time now with the independent distributor model for the instant consumables. Just wondering how that is evolving for you in terms of distributor performance, opportunities to rationalize or consolidate some distributors; and just what you are seeing in terms of the returns there overall.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Are you talking about the immediate consumption business?
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Yeah, we – when we moved away from the Coke distribution system, we created a network of distributors that could cover the United States that was largely DSD. Some of that worked, and some of it didn't. We course-corrected, and added some broadline distributors to that network, and that's working much better today. In addition, we had our Foodservice sales force responsible for managing those distributors. We have since moved the sales effort to our retail sales force, to not only motivate the distributors from a supply standpoint but also to have end-user customer coverage to create demand, and we've also supplemented that with some broker support for store work. So we believe with this more push-pull model, we set ourselves up for better results. Finally, we are introducing more products in the range that distributors have to work with. In the past, they had V8 Red Juice. They had a couple SKUs of Splash and a little bit of V8 V-Fusion. Today they have that plus the V8 Veggie Blends in single-serve, V8 energy and we have a pipeline of new products as well, so we're very committed to immediate consumption. It's only 10% of our business today and we know in a lot of beverage companies it's 50%, and very profitable. So this is worth building and being patient and doing it the right way?
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Denise.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Akshay.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. My question is on your recent acquisitions, Bolthouse and Plum Organics. If you just take a step back and – I would love to get an update on where those businesses are relative to when you bought them, and what your expectations were. On Plum Organics, Kroger at a recent conference was raving about it. I know it is relatively small as a percentage of your overall sales, but seems like that one after some initial issues has really taken off. So if you could give us an update on both of those, greatly appreciate it. Thank you.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I think overall we're very pleased with our acquisitions of Bolthouse Farms and Plum Organics. We bought both of them to drive growth, and they are delivering the growth. Bolthouse Farms gets us into the Packaged Fresh category, where we can continue to build and bring new capabilities to that space. They have a great team, and Plum Organics, also a great team, is a window to millennial parents, and has taught us a lot about organic food, and really different ways of connecting with the next generation of consumers. So from a strategic standpoint and a performance standpoint, we're very pleased with both of these acquisitions.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, if I can just add to that to give a slightly, the other side, is we've seen a little bit of margin pressure in some of these businesses, and are taking actions as you can see. In Bolthouse Farms there's been a little more trade pressure and this quarter we did dial back on trade to improve the profitability, so it's been a little bit of pressure on the margin there. And in Plum, we're going through a more extensive integration of some of the back and front-office operations to improve the profitability of that business going forward, as well.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Alexia.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. Okay, just one quick data question and then another one. You mentioned that the shelf space allocated to premium products had gone up by about 4 feet. I'm assuming that's some sort of weighted average distribution metric? Is some of the inventory reduction a reduction in shelf space on your more mainstream brands? And if so, how much is that reduction? And then just on the promotions, there have been a lot of discussions on this call. Do you have view as to why the promotional spending has become less effective over the last few quarters or so? Thank you very much, and I'll pass it on.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. We have not had reports of reduction of shelf space on our mainstream brands. We really believe that the inventory movements that we've talked about were movements in warehouse inventory due to buying less cases because of a reduction in promotion spending. And then, on the second part of the question. One of the things we experienced in the quarter was, we were cycling the relaunch of Campbell's Homestyle RTS, where we had a huge ACT spend against that brand, and obviously we did not repeat those levels of spending this time around.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think it's important on the promotional spending, if you step back, in aggregate, we spend somewhere around $1.5 billion on trade promotion in a year. Overall, we feel that it's an effective spend and that we're getting a return. When we talk about the changes, we're talking about this $50 million reduction. Again, it's $1.5 billion. So, we're at the edges of it and we continued to try to improve the effectiveness of that spend. We drive our analytics to look for opportunities to reduce unprofitable trade deals. We look for opportunities to increase the effectiveness of trade deals. We look for opportunities to increase the promoted prices over time. So I think we're talking about relatively minor refinements to the overall bigger program.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, year-to-date, our trade spend is down a point.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning. Hi, guys. Thank you for letting me to ask a question. I wanted to follow up on Alexia's question, because your answer surprised me. You said you haven't lost shelf space on your legacy products, but you have gained 4 feet on premium soups. Have you really gained 4 feet on average of shelf space for soup at retail?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's what our figures show us. I mean, we track this very, very closely, and that's the feedback.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What we are seeing in terms of retail data is pretty sharp velocity declines on a sales per TDP or gross distribution point metric, sort of high single digit, low double digit. How sticky do you think that shelf space is?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not sure what data you're looking at.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Nielsen data. Okay, I guess I could follow up with Jennifer on that just to get sort of clarity on the data. Why don't I move on to one more then? It is back sort of building on Akshay's question about M&A, and it is more about the portfolio overall. Over the last of years, Denise, you've embarked on a bit of a portfolio reconfiguration effort with some of the M&A. Are you happy with where the portfolio is today? Do you think it is the portfolio that will allow you to get back to your long-term algorithms? Or should we expect M&A to remain in the forefront of your strategy as you continue to rebalance the portfolio? And if so, can you give us an update in terms of what you are thinking in terms of fit, size, timing, et cetera?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think we've made good progress, in terms of the reshaping of our portfolio and pushing into faster-growing spaces with the three acquisitions that we made, and with the divestiture of the Europe Simple Meals business. I do believe that we need more M&A. Although, we're very willing to be patient because deals need to create shareholder value. And so, we're very disciplined in our approach there.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: We'll take one more question. We're coming up on the hour.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Just one more comment on the shelf space and stickiness question. As Denise mentioned most of that gain has to do with extension of our premium offering, and our Slow Kettle business is growing well above double digits in the marketplace. So, we feel really good about the velocities we're seeing on that business. And, as you know, we've just launched a line of organic soups into that premium section, as well. It's still early days on the organic thing, but we feel really good about the ACV distribution and shelving we've achieved to date on that one. So, we feel really good about our premium offering in Soup, on shelf.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Your line is now open.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning, and thanks for squeezing me in. Just a few loose ends. Anthony, can you quantify how much of the $200 million in cost savings are to be realized this year? And then also for you, can you quantify for us what you expect the incentive compensation headwind to be for F16?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so let me take those one at a time. I can't quantify specifically on the $200 million. It gets a bit complex. But what I can tell you, that between the cost retainment efforts that we had in place before the $200 million initiative, and inclusive of the $200 million initiative, we've probably saved somewhere around $15 million in the quarter. Now, when we get to Analyst Day, we'll try to parse that apart, because we're still going through the analysis now to figure out, well, how much is due to the change in travel policy, for example, or consultant policy, relative to the restrictions we had in place already on discretionary spending and head count? So it gets a bit difficult to do that. And we'll try to do that for you when we get to Analyst Day, and we'll try to give you an outlook, looking ahead across the three years, at what rate do we expect to realize the $200 million? On the incentive comp, just to give you kind of order of magnitude. If I take you all the way back to the beginning of the year, we said that incentive compensation would be a $0.09 headwind. Now we're saying it's a $0.04 headwind. That nickel is still hanging out there for next year. Probably a way to think about it.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Then just following up on the fourth-quarter expectations, what drives EPS down so much, given your expectation for gross margin improvement and what sounds like pretty clearly additional cost savings?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, let me give you a couple of components I think should help you. The one thing to remember is that last year has the extra week, right? So if you go back to the $0.49 that we reported on an adjusted basis, there's $0.08 in there that we've quantified as the extra week. The other thing we've said is that $0.04 compensation headwind all sits in the fourth quarter, and there's probably another $0.01 of currency. So there's $0.13 of decline for you year-on-year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. I appreciate the help. Thanks to everyone and have a great holiday weekend.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: You too.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks David and thanks everyone for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available for you about two hours after the call concludes. You can go online to see that or call 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1654351. You have until June 5, 2015 at midnight, at which point, we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News and Favorites. Mark it in your favorites. Just click on Recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have further questions, please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day July 22nd. That concludes today's program and you may now disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all now disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar Research John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Lubi John Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's Fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who'll participate in listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to our slide or to our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. While in the current quarter we had no items affecting comparability, our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with fiscal 2014 will exclude previously-announced items. Also our fiscal 2015 guidance is on a 52 week to 52 week adjusted basis to a 53 weeks last year. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we've provided in our appendix, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. And with that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Today I will share my perspective on our second quarter and first half performance, our plans for the remainder of the year, and finally, our initiative to create a new enterprise structure while driving significant cost savings over the next three years. Our CFO, Anthony DiSilvestro, will discuss our financial performance and segment results in greater detail, and then we'll have time for your questions. My perspective about the second quarter is highly influenced by some of the factors we shared with you during our first quarter call. As a reminder, we had strong first quarter, with organic net sales up 5%, adjusted EBIT up 9%, and adjusted EPS up 12%. Recall that in quarter one, we experienced higher input costs than expected and this situation continued into quarter two. We started the year with a stronger seasonal sell-in. We also had more holiday promotion activity ship in quarter one because of the timing of our quarter and relative to Thanksgiving. This shift drove sales growth in Campbell's condensed soups, Swanson broth and our Pepperidge Farm stuffing businesses ahead of consumption. The strong first quarter put pressure on our supply chain to maintain acceptable customer service levels. To serve our customers, we ran our plants overtime, and shipped product from all over our network to meet the increased demand. We also increased our use of spot market transportation, which resulted in higher rates in a constrained market, and fueled additional cost. These supply chain issues continued into the second quarter, as we made the decision to incur additional expenses to improve our customer service levels. With this as background, let me now offer my perspective on our second quarter results. Our organic sales performance was comparable to year-ago. In the quarter, declines in U.S. Soup were impacted by quarter one sales growth which benefited from movements in retailer inventory levels and the timing of quarter end relative to the Thanksgiving holiday. This had an expected adverse impact on Q2 soup sales. In the quarter, we delivered positive sales growth in our large U.S. sauce brands, Prego and Pace, as well as in Plum Organics baby food, in the CPG portion of Bolthouse Farms beverages and salad dressings and in our Foodservice business. I was pleased with our Global Baking and Snacking business which delivered solid organic top line growth as well as strong bottom line growth with contributions from both Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm. I was not satisfied with the performance of the U.S. Beverage business. Sales of our V8 V-Fusion franchise declined, while V8 Splash and V8 + Energy performed well in the quarter. In January, we started shipping our new V8 Veggie Blends, which have been well received by our customers. Our biggest disappointment in the quarter was our gross margin performance. As I mentioned previously, we continued to face persistent challenges with increased inflation and cost pressure in logistics including higher transportation and warehousing costs, and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on the input costs of our international businesses. Despite our efforts to reduce expenses, we posted a double-digit EBIT decline greater than we anticipated. Anthony will discuss our gross margin performance and outlook in much greater detail in a few minutes. As a reminder, at the close of our first quarter we told you that we didn't expect our performance in the fiscal 2015 to be evenly distributed across quarters. As a result, we said at that time that evaluating our business performance on a first half basis rather than a quarterly basis would be more meaningful. We still believe a first half view gives the most informative picture of the business. Turning to our first half performance, organic sales increased plus 2%. For the half, four of our five reporting segments achieved organic sales growth, with gains in U.S. Simple Meals including steady sales in U.S. Soup. We posted positive organic sales in Global Baking and Snacking, Bolthouse Farms and Foodservice and International Simple Meals. Sales of U.S. Beverages declined. It is important to note that our recent acquisitions, Plum and the CPG portion of Bolthouse Farms, posted double digit sales gains for the half and Kelsen biscuit sales increased as well. For the half, our gross margin was under pressure with the continuation of the input costs that were higher than anticipated and the supply chain issues that I previously discussed. Turning now to the back half, we plan to focus on fewer, bigger innovation platforms across our portfolio. As discussed at CAGNY last week we believe this approach will have a more significant impact on the top line and reduce complexity in our supply chain. In the back half, we will continue to ramp up our health and wellbeing platform across our business. Our health and wellbeing platform includes new Campbell's organic soup and the continued expansion of our Healthy Request line of soups. We're increasing the distribution of new V8 Veggie Blend juices for affordable mainstream juicing and V8 Protein Bars and Shakes, which are expanding the brand into adult on the go nutrition. In the Packaged Fresh category, this spring we're launching 1915 by Bolthouse Farms, a new cold pressed ultra premium organic juice. We will continue to expand Bolthouse Farms kids fresh beverages, veggie and fruit snack tubes and carrot veggie snackers in the produce section. And we also have spring flavor innovations in place for super premium fresh beverages including an on-trend blueberry banana almond milk variety and new varieties of salad dressings. In Simple Meals, we will introduce a range of premium and convenience platforms including the expansion of our dinner sauces line with the addition of grilling sauces. We're also preparing for the launch of Campbell's Fresh-Brewed Soup and K-Cup. Our joint development project with Keurig Green Mountain. And finally, we will introduce Prego and Pace ready meals in convenient on-the-go microwavable pouches. We've also taken actions to address the supply chain issues that are within our control. For instance, we are making significant improvements to our freight and transportation management, while our service level to customers and cost management is improving. We're taking steps to increase net price realization on our core business. We believe that these steps will help our gross margin performance improve, starting in the third quarter. And finally we're managing SG&A and other costs aggressively across a number of areas such as travel and hiring. Even with these efforts, we don't expect to offset the full impact of the margin pressures that we experienced in the first half. We recognize the challenging environment that we and our peers are operating in, particularly in center store categories. Consumer behavior and their preferences with respect to food are changing. There are many seismic shifts impacting our industry, which I discussed last week at CAGNY. We're taking these shifts into consideration, as we pursue our dual mandate to strengthen our core business, while at the same time to expand into faster-growing spaces. We recently announced a new enterprise structure to better align our organization to deliver on our strategy. After considerable thought and planning, we are reorganizing our company to unlock greater value from our people, brands, and assets. This work is under way, and will ramp up in the back half. We expect the creation of our three new divisions: Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, Global Biscuits and Snacks, and Packaged Fresh, coupled with our efforts to simplify our organization structure, will result in streamlined operations, better execution, and improved financial results over time, all while delivering fewer, bigger product innovations that will delight consumers. As we implement this leaner and flatter organization structure, we're also adopting zero-based budgeting in fiscal 2016 to drive cost savings and to instill new cost discipline at Campbell. Together, we expect these initiatives to ramp up to annual cost savings of $200 million-plus over a three-year period. This is a difficult time across the food industry. While we have made solid progress at Campbell's over the past 3.5 years to reshape our portfolio, it has not been enough. We're making necessary changes at our company, changes to the way we organize and manage our business, and changes to the way we allocate resources and assets while managing costs to fund our growth. Simply put, we are taking more aggressive action on multiple fronts, while staying resolutely focused on the consumer to change the growth trajectory of our business. Thank you, and now I will turn the call over to Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. Before getting into the details I wanted to give my perspective on our second quarter performance and revised 2015 guidance. First, we are pleased with our overall sales performance. Organic sales following 5% growth in the first quarter were flat in the second quarter, with the first half now at plus 2%. Our updated sales guidance reflects an increased headwind from currency. Excluding currency, our sales outlook remains unchanged from our previous 2015 guidance. However, reflecting disappointing gross margin performance, second quarter EBIT was down 17%, and below our expectations. I'll discuss the details of our gross margin performance shortly. Importantly, for the balance of the year, we expect to see improved gross margin performance as inflation and supply chain headwinds moderate, and we take actions to improve our net price realization. As we announced on February 12, given our second quarter performance and revised outlook for the balance of the year, including the impact of currency translation, we lowered our full-year guidance. Now, I'll take you through our second quarter results segment highlights, and then review the guidance. For the second quarter, net sales on an as-reported basis declined by 2% to $2,234 million due to the negative impact of currency translation. Organic net sales were comparable to the prior year, as gains in both our Global Baking and Snacking and our Bolthouse Farms and Foodservice segments were primarily offset by declines in U.S. Simple Meals and U.S. Beverages. Following a strong first quarter, sales in the second quarter were negatively impacted by movements in retailer inventory levels, including earlier holiday shipments that benefited the prior quarter. With these timing related items now behind us, first half reported sales increased 1% with organic sales gaining 2%. Adjusted EBIT in the quarter fell 17%, due to a lower gross margin percentage and unfavorable currency, partly offset by reductions in marketing spending. For the first half, adjusted EBIT declined 4% as the negative impact of a lower gross margin percentage and currency were partly offset by volume gains and lower marketing and administrative expenses. Reflecting lower interest expense and a lower tax rate, adjusted earnings per share decreased 13% to $0.66 in the quarter. At $1.40 for the first half, adjusted EPS is down 1%. Decomposing our sales performance, favorable volume mix contributed one point to sales growth. Gains in volume mix in the Global Baking and Snacking and Bolthouse and Foodservice segments were partly offset by declines in U.S. Simple Meals, the segment most impacted by the inventory and holiday shipment timing between the first and second quarters. Higher selling prices, primarily in Global Baking and Snacking, added 1 point of growth. Overall, increased promotional spending lowered sales by 2 percentage points. The pressure came largely from the Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals segments. Currency reduced sales by 2 points as our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar both weakened further against the U.S. dollar. Here's our gross margin bridge for the second quarter. Our gross margin declined by about 3 points in the quarter compared to the prior year. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative margin impact of 3.6 points. About two-thirds of this was cost inflation, which as a rate, increased by approximately 4%, reflecting continuing increases in meat, tomatoes, dairy, steel cans and chocolate, and includes the negative impact of mark to market losses on open commodity hedging contracts. While inflation was slightly higher in the quarter than anticipated, we expect inflation to moderate in the back half. The remaining third came from our supply chain, where we experienced increases in manufacturing costs, in freight and distribution, and from the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on the input costs of our international businesses. I'll comment further on the first two. Our manufacturing costs are higher, as we've temporarily increased the use of co-packers to meet short-term demand and from an equipment outage in one of our major plants. On freight and distribution, to meet our customer service levels, we've incurred higher transportation costs based both on our usage and rates, the impact of which we've seen moderate during the quarter. Looking ahead to next year, our investments in soup common platform, broth capacity, and changes in our committed freight capacity should mitigate the impact of these factors. Promotional spending negatively impacted gross margin by 100 basis points, primarily due to higher spending in the Baking and Snacking segment, and while volumes increased in the segment, trade had a negative impact on margin. Higher selling prices, primarily in Baking and Snacking, added 40 basis points. Lastly, we continued to drive meaningful productivity gains in our supply chain, which contributed 130 basis points of improvement. As I'll discuss in connection with the guidance, we expect that our gross margins will expand slightly in the second half. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 10% in the quarter, reflecting reductions in advertising in U.S. Simple Meals and Pepperidge Farm, helping to offset some of the gross margin pressure. Administrative expenses were down 1%, as lower benefit costs, cost savings from prior restructuring initiatives and the impact of currency were mostly offset by increased long-term incentive compensation costs compared to the prior year, which benefited from reduction in estimated payouts. On the topic of incentive compensation more broadly, we now expect a full year 2015 headwind on incentive compensation costs of approximately $0.06 per share, compared to our original estimate of $0.09 per share, as we have lowered our assumption for estimated payouts on long-term and annual bonuses. For additional perspective on our performance, this chart breaks down our EPS growth between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see, adjusted EPS declined by $0.10 per share, $0.12 of which is attributable to the decline in the EBIT. Net interest expense declined $4 million versus a year ago as we reduced our debt level, and this contributed $0.01 to EPS growth in the quarter. Our tax rate for the quarter was 27.9%, down 310 basis points, versus the prior year adjusted rate, due to the favorable resolution of an inter-company pricing agreement between the U.S. and Canada. The lower tax rate in the quarter added $0.03 to EPS. We now expect a tax rate for fiscal 2015 in the range of 30% to 31% versus our previous guidance of 31% to 32%. Under our strategic share repurchase program, we repurchased $15 million in the quarter bringing the year to date total to $100 million. With rounding you don't see an EPS impact on the quarter. Currency had a $0.02 impact on EPS. For the full year and based on current spot rates, we estimate currency will have a 2 point or $0.05 per share negative impact. Now turning to our segment results, sales declined in U.S. Simple Meals by 3%, primarily driven by volume declines and higher promotional spending. U.S. Soup sales decreased 6% following a 6 point gain in Q1 as the timing between quarters was impacted by movements in retailer inventory levels and the timing of our quarters relative to the Thanksgiving holiday. Sales of other Simple Meals increased 6%, driven by growth in Plum, Prego, and our dinner sauce platforms. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals declined primarily due to higher inflation and the supply chain costs I discussed earlier. In Global Baking and Snacking, 4% organic sales growth was driven by the strong performance of Arnott's. We achieved consumption and share gains in the Australian biscuit category, and Indonesia delivered another quarter of double digit sales gains. Within Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish crackers delivered strong sales gains which were partly offset by softness in frozen products. Kelsen sales declined slightly reflecting the shift of the Chinese New Year further into our third quarter. Global Baking and Snacking posted strong operating earnings driven by the organic sales growth and lower marketing spend. In the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment, organic growth was driven by sales gains in Foodservice and in Bolthouse premium beverages and salad dressings, while Bolthouse Farms carrot and natural ingredient sales declined. The decline in operating earnings was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage and higher administrative expenses as the prior year benefited from a reduction in long-term incentive compensation accruals. The decline in gross margin percentage reflects higher carrot costs including the impact of adverse weather. International Simple Meals and Beverages organic sales declined 2%, with lower sales in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region. Sales in Canada were comparable to the prior year following a very strong first quarter. Declines in operating earnings were due to cost inflation. The adverse impact of currency on input costs and the negative impact in currency translation. U.S. Beverage sales fell 4% as declines in V8 V-Fusion more than offset gains in V8 Splash. Operating earnings declined primarily due to higher promotional spending, including new an item introduction cost, cost inflation and increased supply chain costs. For the first half, I want to focus your attention specifically on the performance of the U.S. Simple Meals segment. With the timing shift in Q1 and Q2 now behind us, U.S. Simple Meals sales increased 2% for the half, driven by volume gains in the segment. U.S. Soup sales were comparable to the prior year, while sales of other Simple Meals increased 10% driven by growth in Plum, Prego and our dinner sauce platform. Operating earnings declined 3%, reflecting cost inflation and higher supplier chain cost, partly offset by productivity improvements, lower marketing expenses, sales gains, and the benefit of lapping the Plum recall in the prior year. For the remaining segments the results for the half were similar to those of the second quarter. Within U.S. Soup, 6% lower sales in the second quarter was due to declines in condensed and Swanson broth, which were impacted by the timing of shipments between first and second quarters while ready-to-serve soup sales were comparable to the prior year. While our soup sales decreased 6%, consumer take-away in measured channels for the comparable 13-week period ending February 1, declined 1%. For the first half, as shown at the bottom of the chart, soup sales in aggregate were comparable to the prior year as a 3% decline in condensed was offset by 7% growth in broth, with ready-to-serve sales comparable to the prior year. We ended the quarter with retailer inventory positions comparable to the prior year. Here's a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending February 1, 2015, the category as a whole declined 1.2%. Our sales in measured channels declined 1.9% with weakness in condensed and ready-to-serve partly offset by strength in broth. Our share declined 50 basis points in the last 52 weeks, and has been relatively stable over the past two years. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28%, with gains driven by smaller players. Private label also grew share, finishing at 13%. We had strong cash flow performance in the first half as cash from operations increased by $221 million to $584 million, as we've wrapped the taxes paid in 2014 on the divestiture of the European Simple Meals business and due to lower working capital requirements and pension contributions in 2015. Capital expenditures increased to $143 million. We continued to expect capital expenditures of about $400 million for the year as we increase capacity to support growth in our faster growing businesses. We paid dividends totaling $199 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate we repurchased $133 million of shares in the half, $100 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to offset dilution from equity based compensation. Based on our current plans we anticipate making strategic share repurchases at this pace on average for the balance of the year. Net debt declined by approximately $200 million to $3.7 billion. Now I'll step through our 2015 guidance which is consistent with our news release on February 12. As a reminder growth rates are based off a 52-week adjusted fiscal 2014 base. Beginning with net sales, we expect changes in net sales to be in the range of minus 1% to plus 4%, including a currency headwind of 2 points. Excluding currency, our sales outlook is unchanged from our previous guidance. We expect adjusted EBIT to decline between minus 7% and minus 5%, reflecting weaker than anticipated gross margin performance. While first half performance has been impacted by inflation, supply chain costs and currency, we expect improved year-on-year performance in the back half, as inflation and as supply chain impacts moderate as we exit the season and we realize the benefit of several list price increases and promotional spending reductions, which are now in the marketplace. For the full year, we forecast that our gross margin percentage will decline by approximately 1 point. At EPS and reflecting a tax rate in the range of 30% to 31% and interest expense slightly below the prior year, we expect adjusted EPS to decline between minus 5% and minus 3%. A range of $2.32 to $2.38. In terms of quarters, directionally, we expect a relatively weak third quarter followed by a stronger Q4. As we discussed at the CAGNY conference last week, we have launched a major cost reduction initiative targeting a $200 million-plus annual cost opportunity by adopting a zero-based budgeting approach. While we expect to deliver savings beginning in our fiscal 2016, we do not anticipate a material impact on our 2015 results. As we said last week, we are in the early stages and will have more to say about the initiative and impact on our performance as we make progress. That concludes my remarks and now I'll turn it back to Jennifer for Q&A.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Anthony. Kate, we will now start our Q&A session. Our audience, we'd ask you that since we have limited time, please ask only one question at a time.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, Good morning.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chris.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just have two quick questions. I'm sorry; you said keep it to one. Let me just do it in one then and really just focus on the gross margin. Anthony, can you give more color around the increase in transportation costs? Like some of the unique factors that led to the weaker gross margin performance in the quarter. I know you talked about these in some overall detail, but I'm just curious how much incremental, say, transportation costs were. Is that one of the big drivers of the weaker gross margin performance?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, as I said in my remarks if you look at the gross margin bridge, we had cost and inflation other factors of 3.6 points. About a third of that is the supply chain issue and the largest single one within there is freight and distribution. And as Denise mentioned, we have prioritized maintaining our customer service levels over some incremental costs. So what that's resulted in is some more inter-plant shipments, less use of intermodal and higher utilization of the spot market at a time when carrier capacity has been constrained and the rates have been higher. So those three things are really the primary drivers of the costs in freight and distribution. Those which are a pretty significant part of the supply chain costs that we've been talking about.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then would input costs be like the remainder or the vast majority of the remainder of the incremental gross margin weakness in the quarter?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, when you talk about year over year performance, inflation is the single largest factor. So two-thirds of that 3.6 points decline is inflation. Things like meats and tomatoes and chocolate and dairy are all increasing double digits. Steel cans is single digits and made worse by mark to market on some diesel hedges that we had that were under water in the quarter.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi. Good morning.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi. Good morning.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I guess I will ask more of a philosophical question on marketing. It's sort of surprising to see your marketing spend continue to shrink. I was just looking through it in the first half; it's now down to 25% from where it was 10 years ago. And your sales continue to suffer. How should we think about marketing on a go-forward? Are we in an environment or a world now where advertising spend, the deflationary pressure on the efficiency of digital has enabled us to be at a point where we can continue to trim it? Or do you still believe that marketing is a very important driver of top-line growth? And as we think about the go-forward at Campbell, should we be expecting and modeling for a degree of reinvestment in marketing on a go-forward?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jason, we do try and keep total advertising consumer and trade at about 25% of sales. In the first half, our soup advertising was not cut. What we are lapping is the launch of Prego white sauces and dinner sauces, so the advertising spend in the simple meal portion was down, and also lower advertising on U.S. Beverages as we chose to spend more on that in the back half against the introduction of the V8 Veggie Blends. The other thing that we did was in the biscuit business, we did have a higher trade on Pepperidge Farm as we drove more merchandising, in particularly the second quarter, and in Arnott's, we had a price increase and we did spend trade to make sure we protected promoted prices in the marketplace. The other thing that affected trade was soup, the launch of our new organic soup, and also the launch of Veggie Blends where we put new distribution funds in place on those two businesses. Going forward, we absolutely believe that advertising is a solid grower of top line, as is consumer, and as we work through our new divisions and their portfolio roles, we will be making sure that we're allocating those investments to the places that have the greatest profitable growth opportunity for us.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Just to add to Denise's comments, as we look to the $200 million cost opportunity, we believe some of that can come from our non-working or discretionary marketing spend, so we'll be looking at that area pretty closely.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we'll be able to make that distinction.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I'm going to try to cheat and squeeze in one quick follow-up. You talked on looking at spend as an entire bucket, inclusive of trade spend. Your promo line has been moving higher; I should say as a contra-revenue indicator moving lower for eight years. And you're now citing gross margin disappointment on sort of the net price realization. So clearly it's a problem, the degree of trade spend and the lack of efficiency on it. How do you address that? And after eight years of putting more money in, is it really feasible to imagine you'd be able to pull money out and get a net benefit on that in the go-forward?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, we've been doing quite a bit of analytics on our trade performance in the marketplace and on the appropriate pricing. So we've been able to really understand with a new level of granularity where we've invested and the return on that investment, and we will be reducing less profitable or less ROI trade in the marketplace. That's our approach.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, just to add to that in terms of our back half net price realization efforts, we've announced pricing on our Simple Meals segment across 30% of the portfolio at an average of 5.7%. So we're taking pricing on some of our Red & White SKUs, we're taking pricing on Prego, we're taking pricing on Campbell gravy. And we're also reducing our promotional spending in a couple of our key businesses. I won't name those for competitive reasons, but we should be seeing some moderation on trade in the back half here.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks a lot guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, there. Can you hear me?
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Perfect. I know we focused a little bit at the conference on the overall trajectory on margins, but can I just focus specifically on the soup segment? Just from looking at what's going on in the grocery stores, there seems to be a shift into newer products that are in cartons and other new packaging formats, not necessarily the cans. And Campbell's is obviously joining this trend with the organic soups (36:46) and so on. How does that affect your margins over the long-term? In the near term, I imagine using co-packers reduces the margins. Longer-term if you were able to scale those and bring them back in house, would the gross margins be comparable? And is there also margin pressure across the U.S. Simple Meals category, if the new pouched skillet and dinner sources are replacing sales of condensed soup for cooking? Thank you very much.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Alexia, I do think that the major shift for us in terms of out of the can packaging has been in the area of premium soup which has been a place where we've expanded our Campbell's Slow Kettle in tubs, our bisques in boxes, and now our new organic soups, which are also going into that segment. And that segment is growing. And that segment also commands a higher price point, so we're very pleased with the margins that are in that particular segment. That said, the canned soup business is still several billion dollars, and very profitable, and so bringing news to the core business is also an important part of our program here. And I think the best example I can give you in terms of margins is on the broth business. Recall once upon a time, Swanson broth was 100% in cans, and over time, after the introduction of the aseptic Swanson broth at a higher retail and very solid margins, we've been able to manage that conversion at the pace that the consumer has taken us there. And so, we now have two very profitable offerings in that particular space. So I hope that answers your question.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Is that a model that you can use directly in the canned soup business to migrate it over to those aseptic cartons, or does the FDA prevent that?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think that – again, there are many consumers that continue to buy canned soup, and there are some that choose to buy soup in other packages, and we believe we are bringing the consumer a choice model depending upon what their preference is, and we make sure that our margins are acceptable.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: This is Jennifer. I was just going to add, you probably noticed our new organic soups in the cartons do have garnish.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes, it would be great to see more of that. So, thank you very much, I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, Diane.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. I wanted to ask about your comment on reducing the amount of innovation, but making – sort of scaling it and making it more impactful. So last summer when we came to your Analyst Day, you obviously had a lot of innovation, you showed us. It seems like there's a little shift in strategy there given what's going on in the center of the store. Can you just talk about what you envision in terms of like platform innovation? How many will we see per year? What is the bogey in terms of sales that you have to hit in order for it to be considered successful? I just want to understand a little bit better the strategic thinking behind that and how you will assess it going forward.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, let me take you back 3.5 years, where we had no innovation pipeline on our soup and Simple Meals business and our sustainable innovation was driving about 5% of sales from new products on a rolling 3%. Fast forward to today, where we have built a pretty robust innovation pipeline in that business, and our sales from – in new products introduced in the last three years now, are about 11%. We would like to get them to between 13% to 15%, so we still have more work to do, but we are totally in a different place. That said, we've been able to go back and look at literally the plethora of activity in that space, and what we've realized is if we can cluster our innovation into fewer, bigger platforms that have scale in the marketplace and can have a bigger impact, that would be a better program that we are now prepared to run. And so, for example, if you look at health and wellness, innovation in the organic space, innovation in the fresh space, and innovation in vegetable nutrition, are three big platforms that we believe we can build out. In Simple Meals, our whole dinner sauces with skillets, oven, slow cooker, and now grilling, can be a platform that will have a meaningful difference in the category. And so, those are two examples of how we're starting to look at it.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: So is the company scaled for larger innovation platforms in fiscal 2016, or is it more fiscal 2017 where we should look for larger impactful platforms?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I believe what you'll see is us building on to the platforms that we've already initiated, and coming out with new bigger ones over the next couple years. Because we still are very committed to brand building and innovation as a way to drive sustainable profitable growth.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Thank you. Hey, Anthony, I was listening to the reconciliation of gross margin and it seemed like a lot of these issues were things that you had mentioned on the first-quarter call already. So I guess I wanted to know what was the major surprise. Since you were already talking about spot rates and intermodal traffic in first quarter, what made it worse in second quarter that you didn't expect?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I would break it down into three areas. The first was cost inflation. So I quoted some numbers on categories earlier. Those numbers were a little higher than, frankly, than we anticipated, and a mark to market on diesel was a little higher than we anticipated. The second is in this area of freight and distribution. We talked about in the first quarter that we got a little bit behind, given an early spike in demand, and that continued further into the second quarter than we anticipated. Quite frankly, as we decided to prioritize keeping up on customer service over some of these incremental cost issues. So I think it's the same factors that have just pushed into the second quarter a little bit further than we've anticipated. And the third impact I'd point out is, the dollar continuing to strengthen has had a larger impact on input costs of some of our international businesses than we anticipated.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Campbell's done a lot of work to make the supply chain more efficient. Productivity pops up all the time as a benefit. Are you at all concerned that maybe, as you've changed your supply chain footprint, that you've reduced the flexibility in the footprint at the same time and that could have led to some of these issues? Or am I just jumping to a conclusion?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, we've talked about that. We look back at some of the actions we've taken, primarily the closure of the Sacramento plant. We achieved very significant savings from that initiative. And I think, in comparison, these costs that we're seeing here are relatively minor compared to that. We believe we understand the causes of them. We believe we're addressing them. We're starting to see them moderate. And we expect the worst is behind us from here going forward.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, our supply chain continues to deliver about 3% in productivity every year. And with the soup common platform and plant of the future, it actually is introducing much more flexibility into the footprint to be able to manufacture products beyond the can.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you, Denise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC. Your line is open.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. You mentioned condensed is down a few percent. If you break down condensed between eating soups and cooking soups, what are the trends in each? And if you want to extend it back a couple quarters to make it even, please go for it. And what is the percentage of the breakdown between eating and cooking soups currently in condensed? Thanks.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, they're about equal weight. I think the way to answer the question is: Longer term, we've seen relatively better performance out of cooking soups than eating soups. Cooking soups being more on trend with consumer behaviors around, obviously, cooking and recipes. While the eating soups, given all the activity in ready-to-serve, there's been some migration from eating soups to ready-to-serve soups, and I think that's been the primary factor over the longer term negatively impacting condensed eating varieties.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and I would just add that the three icons still remain very strong in condensed soup, and where we've seen the impact is in the other eating with the interaction with ready-to-serve.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I mean, that really is the nature of the question is that you wonder if there might be a time one, two, three years down the road where your sauces, your broths, and then your cooking condensed varieties together get to a scale and they're on trend with the Millennial eating patterns that that could be a high-margin sort of savior to your growth, whereas some of your other growth areas are lower margin in nature. I wonder if you see that getting to critical scale within some time horizon. Is that a fair question?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we tend to view the business that way. And in fact, it comes together really nicely on CampbellsKitchen.com, we were able to suggest many recipes using both broth and also our cooking soups to make fresh food taste great. And so, we do see a scale play in terms of our cooking varieties. That said, we still have a very nice business in our other eating condensed, as well.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erin Lash with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Erin Lash - Morningstar Research: Thank you. I was hoping you could just kind of address, in line with the discussions, regarding some of the innovation. You've been quite upfront about the fact that center of the store has been struggling. We've seen that in the numbers. Kind of the positioning of those new products, whether you think that they will drive traffic in the center of the store, or positioning within the perimeter, and kind of how those discussions with retailers are going.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think it's important that when you run an innovation program, there has to be an acceptance that some of the innovations are going to hit, and some of them are not. And the trick is, is to figure out which ones are the winners, and put your money and investment behind those, and figure out which ones are not, and pull them away. And I believe we have been running that kind of program. But we've seen some very important innovation to our core business, for example, in pub-inspired chunky soup, which has introduced a whole new line of innovation to that particular franchise. We also were very pleased with the building of the dinner sauce platform that I talked about earlier. Those are two examples where we've really hit the mark. The other place, too, is in the premium soup. We've been able to get 4 feet extra for premium soup in the stores, which has enabled us to expand Slow Kettle and the boxed soup, and also provide a home for our new Campbell organic soup. And, again, as I mentioned, that segment is growing nicely. We've introduced Goldfish Puffs in the Pepperidge Farm franchise, which are gluten free. But we also introduced Jingos! a couple years back that didn't work. So, there is always going to be a mix, and what we are pleased with is that we're hitting more than we're missing.
Erin Lash - Morningstar Research: So suffice it to say, most of the innovation will continued to be I guess positioned within that center of the store as opposed to the perimeter?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry if I gave you that impression. We have a very robust innovation pipeline in the perimeter, with our Bolthouse Farms business. In beverages, we're introducing new blueberry banana almond milk, and a couple new salad dressings. In addition to 1915, which is the ultra premium cold-pressed juice, and we also have an innovation pipeline that's looking at other categories in the perimeter where we can bring Campbell's capabilities. So there's a lot of activity going on in that space.
Erin Lash - Morningstar Research: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Denise, just wanted to address U.S. Beverages for a minute. Performance is pretty weak there and I guess it's clearly not from a lack of effort. But at this point you've already pushed through new packaging, new advertising, new flavors; you've renovated with corn syrup removal and yet it seems price reductions are more of an everyday lever, and without a volume response. So what comes next? Is this just an example of a category moving away from you structurally with V8? Do you have to look outside at maybe different brands or segments at this point? Just your thoughts there.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the shelf stable juice category has been really sluggish for a couple years. And I think that one of the big drivers is most of the juice in that category contains sugar, and there's been a movement on the part of consumers to really pay attention to that. That said, we are pretty well positioned having vegetable based Beverages. And we decided a year ago to really rethink that whole offering from V8, which is why we spent a great deal of time developing the V8 Veggie Blends, gaining some expertise from our part of the business at Bolthouse Farms. We're just getting those vegetable blends in the marketplace today, but what we believe is that that will offer consumers great-tasting vegetable juice alternatives that are mainstream priced, and we believe will add a jump start to our V8 business. In addition, we only have 10% of our business in single-serve, whereas most beverages have about 50%. So, we are still very committed to increasing our V8 business in single-serve immediate consumption. And with the Veggie Blends, we'll have more of a breadth of line to offer our distributors in the marketplace.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, outside of the Veggie Blends, what are your thoughts on just the core tomato franchise? Has that weakened at all at the consumer in terms of change in preferences?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The core tomato franchise has always been polarizing. There are people who either like tomato or who don't like tomato. And we haven't been able to offer the people that don't like tomato base a different alternative. So we believe that tomato will still be an important part of our franchise for those who love it, and we'll be able to offer other things, as well.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Denise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Akshay.
Lubi John Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. This is actually Lubi on for Akshay. I just wanted to ask about performance in Bolthouse in general. It seems that top-line performance and maybe profitability as well in that segment has been trending somewhat below your original expectations when you first entered the sort of faster-growing packaged fresh category. So, first, is that a fair characterization? And then, if that is the case, can you talk a little bit about what's driving the relative underperformance and how you are thinking about growth in Bolthouse longer term? Thank you.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I can take that. I would split the business into two parts. Think about the CPG, beverages and salad dressings, those businesses, we're very pleased with the performance of those businesses both top and bottom-line. Where the issue in the short-term has been and I think most of this is now behind us, has been on natural ingredients and carrot costs. As you know, we went from a very unique drought situation, and that raised our costs in terms of water costs, water extraction costs, land costs, and then we went from that to four rain events within a 10-day period, which also cost us on the carrot cost side. And both of those situations have impacted our business. The reason I said I believe it's behind us is now we've shifted our harvesting to the more southern region where they don't have the same kind of situation. We saw improved performance in the back end of our quarter, so we feel pretty good about the outlook. The other issue, we've had a little bit on the top line, is we export some natural ingredients and concentrates to Japan, and that business has been under pressure. But the core business, the CPG, beverages and salad dressings continues to perform very, very well.
Lubi John Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: If we look at, I guess, gross margins today versus even a couple of years ago, obviously we have seen some pretty significant erosion for various reasons that you have discussed over time. I'm just trying to get a sense of whether you view the current level of gross margins as maybe somewhat artificially low or as really a new, more reasonable base from which you try and improve going forward in light of the various reinvestment needs? You've got the gross margin mix of some of the faster growth areas put against the ZBB actions you are going to take. And then just secondly, you are taking some pricing actions, even in soup you talked about. I had always thought it was tough to take pricing sort of intra soup season. And is it just more on the versions that you know are very inelastic that allow you to do that? Just trying to get a sense of what's changed there. Thank you.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: In terms of the first part of the question, I really believe we have opportunities to improve our gross margin performance over time. And I think when you think about the new organizational structure, coupled with the portfolio role that we've assigned to each of those businesses, we really do have an opportunity to improve gross margin performance, both from net price realization, both from a more modest inflation outlook, continuing productivity improvements, and the cost savings we expect to garner through our new $200 million program. So, I think there are opportunities to expand margin over time. In terms of the pricing question, I mean, certainly in terms of benefit, we get more benefit by enacting a pricing action ahead of the soup season, but there is nothing that really prevents us from doing it at any point. The key is to work through the timing and the impact on the promotional activity with our retailers, but this was well planned out, and is now in the marketplace.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning, thanks.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Jonathan.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: I guess this is for Anthony. Looking at the volume declines, particularly in Simple Meals over the past few years, and you mentioning your use of increased co-packing in some of the new products, what would you say that maintenance capital expenditure is for this business? And maybe as part of that, as we look at this new sort of segment structure and maybe some different kind of streamlining and cost savings that might allow, what sort of returns on capital do you typically look at for amounts over and above that maintenance capital expenditure in your annual regular budgeting process? Thanks.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think maybe the best way to answer the question is we expected to spend about $400 million this year on capital. 60% of which is on projects that have an economic return, and those are split between capacity-adding projects and cost-reduction projects. On the capacity-adding project we typically see pretty significant and attractive IRRs, I'd say 20% plus kind of levels. On the cost-reduction ones, I'd say we do see returns certainly above the cost of capital. It's kind of hard to come up with one kind of IRR for them, they kind of range, but I think we have a very successful track record of achieving good returns on those cost reduction projects.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: I got you, but if your business, just in a weird alternate universe didn't grow volume at all, and everything stayed exactly the same from year to year, you are saying about 40% of your capital expenditure would be required to sort of just – doesn't have an economic return, just sort of maintains economic returns where they are. Did I hear that right?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, you did.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Great. Thanks very much.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess maybe I will follow up on Andrew's question around pricing. Is this kind of a signal of, for lack of a better phrase, treating some of the Simple Meals in the new division and maybe the relative share targets? Is one way to interpret this that it is, again kind of lack of a better term, but a cash cow?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not intended to be, Eric. I mean, when you take a step back, the pricing action was only on 25% of our U.S. retail portfolio based on gross sales, but across our entire portfolio, it equates to about 1.4%. And we were very surgical about where we priced, and so it was predominantly on Red & White condensed, on Prego, and on Campbell gravy. So the other place where we are constantly looking to is where we've spent promotional activity and didn't get the returns on that activity.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't read any more into it than that.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, Anthony. I remember there was a lot of confusion in the first quarter about how you account for fixed cost absorption, and I'm kind of asking that question with regard to the second quarter and the gross margin weakness. And kind of these third – it's not like your volume was really all that bad in the scheme of things. And so I guess were you actually kind of looking for volume in the quarter to be down, and then volume was better than you thought, and then you had to go out into the market to buy the spot freight rates and...? Or was it, again, having to do something with how you account for those fixed costs as you go through the year?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, trying not to complicate this too much, but it's actually a little bit of both, right? The whole area of inventory and inventory management gets really complex when you think about SKU and location and our multiple distribution points and the fact that we got a little bit behind and had to catch up. And that takes a little bit of time in season when you're running pretty close to flat-out inside of these plants. So we had to run a little more overtime. We had to use co-packers more. That's more of a broth idea than a can idea. Separate from that, in this whole area of fixed costs it's not the major impact but our sales came down a little bit inside our own range, and that had a slight negative impact on fixed cost absorption both in the quarter and in our outlook for the year, but it wasn't a significant impact.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: We have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning. And thanks for getting me in. Kind of two points that I just wanted to clear up and then a very short question; the first one is just on the guidance. So, if I understand it right, the previous gross margin guidance was minus 50 to basis points minus 100 basis points. Today you are guiding to down 100 basis points, so at the low end of the previously-discussed guidance on gross margins. Tax rate is lower. So, Anthony, what is the change in the guidance then on EPS? It looks like it's all between gross profits and EBIT, everything in the SG&A line. What's changing there if I've said everything correctly?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Between EBIT and EPS, a couple of changes. One is we took the tax rate down a bit. We also expect interest expense to be favorable to our original assumption, so down slightly year on year. And then within EBIT, I would say there's three things happening. The primary issue is the gross margin performance, and that's a combination of the freight and distribution that we've been talking about. The manufacturing costs that we've been talking about, the use of co-packers. We had a slight impact from an equipment outage at one of our plants and from a stronger U.S. dollar, that impact on the input costs of some of our international businesses. The second area is currency translation, so we went from about 1 point of negative impact to 2 points and about a nickel impact at EPS now for the year. And the third I mentioned a moment ago, is a slight sales reduction within our range which had some impact on gross margin dollars more so than percentage. So I'd say those are the three primary things above EBIT, and then below EBIT, the tax rate and interest expense.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): But just to be super clear on this, because I think that you still -- I'm not saying it or you're not saying it the same way. Gross margins were previously forecasted down 50 basis points to 100 basis points and today you are saying down 100 basis points, so it's still within the range that you said last call, yet your EPS guidance is down $0.10 to $0.12. It doesn't make sense to me when you say all these factors, because that would be inclusive of what you said three months ago.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I'd say in hand sight that gross margin range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points was probably a bit too wide. And we were closer to the 50 basis points than the 100 basis points.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right, that's what I was looking for. On the service issues, Denise, just a question here to follow-up on what Moskow said earlier. It does seem like all of this is related to just planning issues. So, I mean, intermodal transport, everything just seems to be related to forecasting out what you had to ship in this period of time. And that forecasting doesn't go well and, hence, it causes a domino effect across your supply chain that increases costs. Is that just kind of fundamentally the root cause analysis as to what happened?
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's part of it, David, but literally, having the one less plant in our system, having a much more expensive spot market and making sure that we were – we got out of the gate with a huge back to school program that put some pressure on our forecast, it was above what we had anticipated. So there was a combination of a lot of things coming together and we got behind. And then we made the conscious decision to make sure that we were delivering for our customers and I still would have made that same decision.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Last little thing for me was just on winter temperatures and soup sales. In our latest 12 weeks of Nielsen retail data, which I think is easier to understand than maybe your shipment patterns this year, the retail data looks pretty soft in soup and yet the winter temperatures have been pretty cold. So, I was just curious if you had a thought as to kind of why that's happening, what's driving the reduction in consumption. Because I think it's both a sales and a volume issue according to our Nielsen data.
Denise M. Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, our consumption is down about 1%, and it's pretty much in line with center store categories. So...
Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It's really difficult for us to tease out the temperature and the winter impact from our overall performance.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: And it was cold last year, too.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. I just wanted to get your sense of it. Thank you so much.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you.
Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks everyone for joining us for our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes here by going online or call 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1650012. You have until March 11th at midnight. At which point, we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News and Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts and Presentations. We hope you can join us for our next earnings conference call on Friday, May 22, 2015. If you have further questions, please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Our call has now ended. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-11-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President, Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Anthony DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, our Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. We will start with a few housekeeping items. Then, Denise, will offer her perspective on the quarter and progress with our F'15 objectives. Anthony will discuss our financial results for the quarter before elaborating on our expectations for fiscal 2015. After that, we will take your questions. As usual, we have created slides that accompany our presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Our call is open to the media who are participating in listen-only mode. You probably noticed this morning that we reformatted our earnings release in an effort to enhance readability. We made the changes based on feedback from you, our investors and analysts. We hope you will agree that the new earnings format as well as the enhancements we made to our earnings call will make it easier for you to understand the business and to find the key points. Thanks for those of you who offered input and let us know if you have feedback on our changes. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 4, to our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. While in the current quarter, we had no new items affecting comparability, our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with fiscal 2014, will exclude previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures we provided in our appendix, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Today, I am going to share my perspective on our first quarter 2015 performance. I will review the key drivers of our results, including our positive organic sales performance across most of our core and acquired businesses. Then I will discuss the challenges we are facing and the actions we are taking. Our challenges include our gross margin performance and the impact of currency headwinds, which Anthony will review in greater detail in his presentation. As a reminder, we said on September 8th, that we don't expect our growth in fiscal 2015 to be evenly distributed across quarters. As a result, we believe that evaluating our business performance on a first-half basis, rather than a quarterly basis, will be more meaningful. Let us start by examining the key growth drivers in our core business in the quarter. I was pleased that we drove top and bottom-line growth in U.S. Simple Meals, with higher sales in our U.S. soup portfolio. Our U.S. soup performance benefitted from a stronger seasonal sell-in and the timing of our quarter end relative to the Thanksgiving holiday. As we stated, one of our strategic priorities is to expand our presence in the faster growing premium soup, which represents roughly 10% of the wet soup category. We made good progress as we launched new Slow Kettle varieties in the quarter to drive the brand's double-digit sales growth. Many of our retail customers have created a dedicated shelf space for our premium soups, where we have gained additional linear fee. The next step in our plan is to expand further with the launch of six varieties of Campbell's organic soup in easier to open cartons this January. Another key driver in U.S. Simple Meals was our strong performance in sauces, including Prego, Pace and Campbell's dinner sauces as we introduce new products and leverage merchandising. We expanded our dinner sauces platform beyond Skillet and Slow Cooker pouches, with the launch of Oven Sauces in the quarter, which has quickly achieved 52% ACV. Overall, Campbell dinner sauces now have over 80% ACV, with dedicated sections that are becoming a consumer destination. Within Global Baking and Snacking, a significant improvement in our core business was our performance in Australian biscuits. We are moving in the right direction to stabilize the business in Australia, where we drove our net sales and earnings. Our tame [ph] growth consumption and share in total biscuits by strengthening planning and execution with our retail partners increasing marketing and promotion behind core brands and driving innovation, including new Tim Tam varieties in light and crispy Arnott’s Shapes. I was also pleased with the continued strong growth in our Indonesia business, which expanded beyond sweet biscuits into savory crackers, with the introduction of Arnott’s Shapes. Now, let's look at the performance of the trio of growth engines that we acquired in the last two years, Bolthouse Farms, Plum Organics and Kelsen. Strategically, we acquired these businesses to expand in the faster growing spaces and respond to the seismic shifts in the consumer landscape, including the focus on health and well-being and the growth of the middle class in developing markets. Together, these businesses contributed one point of organic sales growth to our company in the quarter. We were encouraged by Bolthouse Farms' strong top-line growth. We continue to expand distribution in packaged fresh super premium beverages and fresh salad dressings. Bolthouse Farms has strengthened its number one share position in premium beverages over the last year, while simplifying and streamlining its beverage portfolio, increasing space for higher velocity offerings and reducing out of stocks. During the quarter, we also launched Bolthouse Farms Kids, the brands first line of healthy beverages and Veggie Snackers for children. We are merchandising Bolthouse Farms Kids with a dedicated shelf set in the fresh produce section to further expand our position in the fast-growing perimeter. Our goal is to become a branded leader in the $18.6 billion packaged fresh category. Plum Organics delivered double-digit sales growth after facing challenges a year ago, as the number one brand in the organic segment of the U.S. baby food market Plum continue to expand distribution and drive innovation in simple meals and snacks. We are continuing to integrate Plum to leverage Campbell's Kettle and amp up its expansion while maintaining its entrepreneurial spirit. Kelsen, which we acquired early in last year's first quarter to expand our global snacks business, delivered higher sales as it continued to meet our expectations. We are focused on expanding distribution in key cities in China. The second quarter historically marks the peak season for Kelsen sales and earnings as an authentic Danish butter cookies are often exchanged by friends and families in China and gifts for holidays and festive occasions, including Chinese New Year's. Now, let us take a look at some of our challenges and how we are addressing them. I am going to focus my remarks on two businesses that underperformed Pepperidge Farm and U.S. Beverages, but before I get to those,  Let me say that our gross margin performance in the quarter did not meet our expectations. Some of the pressure came from higher than anticipated commodity inflation and some came from unexpected costs in our supply chain, including manufacturing and transportation costs.  Anthony will describe these issues in greater detail in a few moments. We are taking action to manage costs aggressively and working all the levers to mitigate the unexpected pressure on gross margin. Turning to the businesses, Pepperidge Farms' performance in the quarter was mixed. I was pleased with our growth in cookies driven by Milano and crispy Pepperidge Farm varieties. We also drove strong results in fresh bakery, which continue to outperform the market with consumption and share gains. Fresh bakery benefited from our focus on seasonal offerings and quality improvements. Our main challenge in this business is to restore growth in crackers. It is important to examine the total cracker category. For the past two years, dollar consumption growth trends have slowed in the category and were flat to declining in the quarter. We see several crucial drivers in this category deceleration. First, we are seeing a shift in consumer snacking preferences. About of half of cracker consumers are buying crackers and other snacks less frequently. When they do, they are shifting in some cases to snacks that are better for you or in the opposite end of the spectrum, more indulgent snacks. Second, approximately three quarters of the losses in the total category has been in sandwich crackers, where we don't compete. Third, total advertising in the category has declined more than 20% in the last year, impacting velocities as price and distribution held. Finally, there has been a decline in the number of new products introduced in the category, resulting in less excitement from innovation in the cracker isle. In this environment, some major brands have continued to outpace the category. One of those brands is Goldfish, which has consistently outperformed the category over the last three years. In the first quarter, despite growing consumption and share and outperforming the category Goldfish sales declined, due in part to cycling the distribution build of the launch of Goldfish Puffs. We are not satisfied with this performance given the brand's steady track record of growth over many years. We continue to expect Goldfish sales to be up for the year behind strong holiday programs, increased advertising and consumer promotion and improved in-store merchandising. Going forward, we are increasing advertising by about 20% with a quarter of our spend in digital media. Our plans include increased innovation, including new flavors of Goldfish and Goldfish Puffs. Turning now to U.S. Beverages, although we grew operating earnings, sales in V8 V-Fusion and V8 vegetable juice declined as shelf stable category remained under pressure. Our plans to revitalize our V8 platform are underway. The next step is the January launch of V8 veggie blends. We are optimistic about this launch as we plan to tap into the juicing trends by offering nutritious affordable juicing that is convenient for the consumer. Separately, in the quarter, we extended the V8 brand to a new category, with the launch of V8 protein shakes and bars to expand into adult on-the-go nutrition, a multibillion-dollar category. This is another example of our focus on driving breakthrough innovation to expand in the faster growing spaces. Looking ahead, although we face more challenging comparisons, we are confident about our plans for the year which include driving continued growth in U.S. Simple Meals, continuing our turnaround in Australian biscuits, which moved in the right direction in the first quarter, restoring growth in Goldfish crackers and improving Pepperidge Farms' top-line performance, revitalizing V8 to bring news to the shelf-stable juice category and delivering strong performance in Bolthouse Farms, Plum Organics and Kelsen. Across our portfolio, we are responding to the consumer shift to health and well-being with new, on-trend products, ranging from Campbell's organic soups and V8 veggie blends in the center of the store to Bolthouse Farms Kids in the fresh parameter and V8 protein shakes and bars in health and beauty aisle. Finally, we are taking action to mitigate gross margin pressure in the remainder of the year. To sum up, we delivered organic sales growth across most our core and acquired businesses in the first quarter, with stronger performance is in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking. We have more work ahead and challenges to overcome this year, but we remain focused on our strategy to strengthen our core business and expand in the faster growing spaces to reshape our portfolio for a more profitable growth trajectory. I look forward to answering your questions in a few minutes. Now, let me turn the call over to Anthony for a detailed review of our financial performance.
A - Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning. Thanks, Denise. Before getting into the details, I wanted to give some perspective on our result and guidance. As Denise said, we are encouraged with our top-line performance as we start the fiscal year. However, this top-line performance is dampened by gross margin pressure from higher than anticipated cost inflation and supply chain related costs. The other item I want to call out is currency. Due to the recent and significant strength of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign currencies, we are seeing a negative impact that we did not forecast. Based on this headwind and volatility from currency translation, we have reduced the low end of our guidance ranges. Importantly, our currency neutral expectations have not changed. Now, I will review our results. First quarter net sales increased 4% to $2,255 million organic net sales increased by 5%, with volume and organic sales gains in four of our five reportable segments. Sales in the quarter benefited from movements in retailer inventory levels from a stronger seasonal sell-in and the later timing of our quarter relative to the Thanksgiving holiday. In aggregate, the movements in retailer inventory represent about half of our organic sales gains in the quarter. We are encouraged by the sales performance in Australia and from the performance of our recent acquisitions Bolthouse Farms, Plum and Kelsen contributed one point of total company organic growth in the quarter. Adjusted EBIT increased 9%, reflecting the higher sales, the benefit of lapping the prior year Plum recall and lower administrative and marketing expenses, which are partly offset by the decline in our gross margin percentage. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to $0.74. Decomposing our sales performance, favorable volume mix was the main driver of the increase, primarily in the U.S. Simple Meal and Global Banking and Snacking segment. Overall, increased promotional spending was negatively impacted to sales by one point. While our promotional rate was stable in our largest segment, U.S. Simple Meals, the increase was driven by higher rate of spending in the Global Banking and Snacking segment. Currency also negatively impacted sales by one point as our two primary foreign currencies, the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, both weakened against the U.S. dollar. We are disappointed with our gross margin performance, which did not meet our expectations. The bridge on this chart highlights the factors impacting our performance. First, cost inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 340 basis points. Most of this was cost inflation, which as a rate increased by almost 4%. Recent and unanticipated increases in dairy, beef and aluminum have added to the overall inflation impact. Also, with pressure on carrier capacity, we are seeing much higher freight cost. For the full fiscal year, we now anticipate cost inflation at the high-end of our 3% to 4% range. In our North American supply chain, we experienced higher than expected manufacturing and freight costs from significant volume demand early in the quarter. As a result, we ran production more weekend, increased the use of co-packers and incurred higher freight costs in the spot market. Promotional spending negatively impacted gross margin by 70 basis points, primarily impacted by higher spending in the Baking and Snacking segment. While volumes increased this segment, trade had a negative impact on margins. Moving to the right, as we wrap both, the Plum recall and the one-time purchase accounting impact on the Kelsen acquisition, these represent a 90-basis point gain. Lastly, we continue to drive meaningful productivity gains in our supply chain, which contributed 140-basis point of improvement. Looking ahead, reflecting our revised inflation outlook and first quarter performance, we now expect our gross margin percentage of the full year to decline 50 to 100 basis points, due largely to the residual cost inflation and cost to maintain our customer service levels as we recover from the early spike in demand. Longer term, our investments soup common platform and broad capacity will increase our flexibility to respond to volatility in demand. Importantly, we will manage the balance of the P&L to mitigate the negative impact, including our overhead and supply chain costs and our marketing programs and also evaluate price realization opportunities. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 5%. As you may recall, we increased advertising in the prior year quarter to support new product launches and Bolthouse Farms. Marketing reductions in the current quarter reflect lower advertising spending in U.S. Simple Meals, primarily advertising production costs and a shift in advertising in U.S. Beverages to the back half of the year to support the launch of our new V-8 veggie blend platform. Administrative expenses were down 9%, driven by lower long-term incentive compensation costs and cost savings related to prior year restructuring initiatives. Given that our annual cycle for long-term incentive compensation is at the end of the first quarter, we had favorability through this quarter and as we have discussed previously, expect a significant headwind for the balance of the year. For additional perspective on our performance this chart breaks down or EPS growth between our operating performance and below the line items. As you can see, we grew adjusted EPS by $0.08 per share, $0.07 of which is attributable to the growth in EBIT. Net interest expense declined $5 million versus a year ago as we reduced our debt level using the proceeds of the European Simple Meals divestiture and this contributed a penny to EPS growth in the quarter. Our tax rate remained relatively flat, declining 40 basis points to 31.8%. We resumed repurchases under our strategic share repurchase program in a quarter, repurchasing $50 million under this program. However, given the timing, there was no impact on EPS growth in the quarter. While currency had a point impact on sales, it did not impact EPS in the quarter. For the full year, and based on current exchange rates, we estimate currency will have a $0.03 per share negative impact. As this was not anticipated, we have adjusted the lower end of our guidance range to reflect the impact. Now, turning to our segment results. Sales growth in U.S. Simple Meals was 8%, driven by strong volume gains. U.S. soup sales increased 6%, benefiting from movements in retailer inventory levels, due to a strong seasonal selling and the later timing of our quarter end relative to the Thanksgiving holiday. Sales of other simple meals increased 14%; driven by growth in Plum, Prego benefiting from white sauces and in our dinner sauce platform, which now includes Oven Sauces. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased 15%, with eight points of the growth due to cycling the Plum recall in the prior year. In Global Baking and Snacking, we achieved a 3% organic sales growth, driven by the improved performance of Arnott’s. We are pleased with our consumption and share gains in the Australian biscuit category given our previous challenges while Indonesia delivered another quarter of double-digit sales gains. Within Pepperidge Farm, fresh bakery and cookie sales grew. Goldfish crackers had share gains, but sales decline. Sales of frozen products were also soft. Operating earnings for Global Baking and Snacking increased 15%, of which 10 points was due to wrapping the negative impact of purchase accounting on the Kelsen acquisition in the prior year. In Bolthouse and Foodservice segment, growth continued to be driven by sales gains in Bolthouse premium beverages and salad dressings. The decline in operating earnings was primarily driven by a lower gross margin percentage, with cost inflation across the segment. International Simple Meals and Beverages grew organic sales by 5%. Strong sales gains in Canada were driven by innovation and higher levels of promotional activity. Declines in operating earnings reflect the impact of increased marketing support. U.S. Beverage sales fell 3% and declined in the immediate consumption channel as we continue to implement our new route to market. Across the portfolio, sales declined in V8 V-Fusion and V8 vegetable juice more than offset gains in V8 Splash. Operating earnings improved as we shift the timing of our marketing programs to the back half to support the launch of the veggie blends platform. Within U.S. soup, the 6% sales growth was driven by gains in condensed and Swanson broth. Condensed eating and cooking varieties rose. Swanson broth continues to perform well in the marketplace led by aseptic broth, which benefited from earlier holiday shipments. Sales of ready-to- serve soup were comparable to the prior year as declines in volume were partly offset by lower promotional spending as activity was shifted to the second quarter of this year. While our soup sales increased 6%, consumer takeaway in measured channels for the comparable 13-week period, ending November 2nd, declined by 2%. Here is a look at U.S. wet soup category performance and our share results as measured by IRI. For the 52-week period ending November 2nd, 2014, the category as a whole declined 0.5%. Our sales in measured channels declined 1.6% with weakness in condensed and ready-to-serve soups partly offset by strength in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decrease of 70 basis points. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28%, with gains driven by smaller players. Private label also grew share, finishing at 13%. We had strong cash flow performance as cash from operations increased from $38 million to $188 million, reflecting lower working capital requirements, lower pension contributions and reduced payments related to hedging activities. Capital expenditures increased slightly to $62 million. We continue to expect capital expenditures of about $400 million for the year as we increase capacity to support growth in our faster growing businesses. We paid dividend totaling $101 million, reflecting our current quarterly dividend rate of $0.312 per share. In aggregate, we repurchase 73 million of shares in the quarter, 50 million of which were under our strategic share repurchase program. The balance of the repurchases were made to our offset dilution from equity-based compensation. Based in our current investment plans, we anticipate making strategic share repurchases at this pace on average for the balance of the year. Net debt declined almost $700 million to $3.8 billion, including the proceeds from the European simple meals divestiture. Approximately 22% of our sales are denominated in currencies other than the US dollar, with the Australian dollars and Canadian dollar making up the majority of our non-U.S. sales. Since September, both of these currencies have declined in value relative to the U.S. dollar, and while not a material impact to our first quarter, if the current rates hold for the balance of the year, we will see a more meaningful impact. At current exchange rates, we estimated to negatively impact our full year performance by one percentage point of sales, EBIT and EPS, and is the reason we are adjusting down the lower end of our guidance ranges as illustrated on the next chart. As we announced early this morning, we have adjusted our fiscal 2015 guidance as show. Our currency-neutral expectations have not changed for sales and earnings. While we now anticipate some pressure on our gross margin percentage, we have plans in place to mitigate the impact. We now expect sales growth of zero to plus-2%, adjusted EBIT from minus 1% to plus 2% and adjusted EPS from minus 1% to plus 2% or $2.42 to $2.50 per share. As we said previously, we anticipated stronger first quarter performance. Because we are cycling a more robust second quarter last year, we expect the first half as more consistent with our full year guidance. Thank you. Now, I will turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard:  Good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Alexia.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Alexia Howard:  Denise, you mentioned once or twice the fast growing parameter of the store. From what you have seen, the retail is expanding for its space at the moment and what does this mean to the shelf space in the center of the store. Obviously it is great for Bolthouse. It might be more difficult in the ambient product. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Alexia. You know, we have seen over the past several years a expansion and build-out of the perimeter of stores. Within the produce section however, the additional space that we are getting for the Bolthouse Kids launch is largely a reconfiguration of existing space, so pulling from other things in produce and carving out a section for Bolthouse Kids and that has been largely the way the premium beverage and the salad dressing sections have been expanded as well. I think it is more yes perimeter space continues to expand and then within and the produce section there has been a larger dedication of space CPG items.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would add to that, I mean, if you look at the center of store and our in our soup business, I mean, given the level of innovation we are bringing to the market with the premium expansion and soon the organic soup launch, we are expecting to gain shelf space in our soup category.
Alexia Howard:  Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I wanted to just pull a little bit more on this gross margin issue. I mean, this looks to be a fairly significant issue. I think Anthony, you said now down 50 basis points to down 100 basis points for the full year, and previously the expectation, correct me if I am wrong, but it was up modestly was the prior expectations. Is that correct?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think we said it is expected to be stable, so versus stable, yes we are down, now looking to be down 50 to 100 basis points and to just dimensionalize that, you know, we did not anticipate the recent increases in diary and aluminum and also what freight costs are doing and that is the majority of that 50-basis point to 100-basis point decline. The other piece of it is higher than anticipated supply chain cost related to that early spike in demand that we had to deal with.
David Driscoll: May I say that - I always thought that you had a pretty good visibility on the protein side because of your relationships with your suppliers, you know, these things didn't kind of just suddenly come up and I thought the entire purpose of that was that gaining pricing in soup during soup season is like all, but impossible. Maybe, you know, is my recollection of history correct in kind of why is it different this time?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, we have a pretty broad array of input cost. Certainly on proteins, it is a significant part of it and we do have good relationships always with our suppliers but the markets have been extremely volatile and I don't think we are the only ones that are seeing this type of activity. There has been issue on the supply side related to the drought. There has been issues on the demand side related to foreign buyers and this just created a lot of volatility that frankly we didn't anticipate.
David Driscoll: The way you offset this is by, number one, it is going to be lowering marketing spending. Then number two lower overhead spending. Do I have that in the right order?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would switch the order of that and I would also add that we are evaluating price realization opportunities and also pushing on our supply-chain to, one, fix the problem and, two, contribute to those cost savings.
David Driscoll: Super. Thank you. I will pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a quick question for you if I could. If you look at this quarter, you are getting - you seem to be increasing contributions from the sauces business within U.S. Simple Meals, in particular as well as the premiums, so I wondered if you could give a little color around how those two products benefited the sales for that division in the quarter? Maybe related to that, ready to serve is a little weaker than I had thought against the relatively easy comp, premium soups - ready to serve [ph] clearing and understand why that was more weaker than I thought?
Denise Morrison: Okay. First of all, we have had for the past several years a very good run with our base sauce businesses, particularly in the Prego line. Recall, part of our innovation plan was the successful launch of Prego white sauces, which has done incredibly well. We have increased our advertising against the brand. We are also advertising to Hispanics, which has been very productive for, so we are very pleased with the innovation and the brand building that has gone on in our base sauce business and pace also a very good quarter,  One of the things that is also impacting our sauce business is the building of the dinner sauce platform. Although it started small with one initiative in Skillet, as we built from Skillet to Slow Cooker and now introduced Oven, as we have gained an additional section in the store to house these sauces and create a consumer destination, we really believe that that has added seriously to our sauce performance. Of course, this is a very good margin business for us as well.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay. The only thing I would add to that is Plum is reported inside simple meals and it had a significant increase in sales in part due to wrapping the recall and in part due to expanded distribution.
Chris Growe: Within ready to serve, presumably premium soups grew, that was a contributor to growth. Was there one element of ready to serve that was weak, whether that would be Chunky or Homestyle or?
Denise Morrison: Yes. There was a very good reason for that. Our ready to serve business was relatively flat and that comes mostly from promotional timing moved to the second quarter out of the first quarter relative to last year.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Ken.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Denise, you have spoken in the recent past I think about course correcting your deals a little bit deal bags, right? Going deeper in terms of discount, but maybe a little bit less broadly, I am just curious if it is still the plan, because as we look Nielsen data, we are seeing deeper levels of price discounting. You are doing what you said, but we are not really seeing a change in the percent lift from promotions, so I am just curious how you think about that, I guess breadth versus depth decision going forward here?
Denise Morrison: We do expect our total marketing to be in the range of 24% to 25% of total lift sales. Within that the mix will be different by category and we do recognize as we are very diligent about going back and looking at the productivity of our trade spending and we recognize that some of the spending last year, particularly in Pepperidge Farm and soup did not achieve the anticipated lifts. Predominantly, it came from increasing the frequency of promotion, so we do expect our overall trade rate trends to improve in the second half as we have course corrected in this area.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I guess, I was wondering about this unexpected spike in demand. If we look at the sales in the quarter, they didn't come in that different from what we had modeled and I don't think it came in that different from what you had modeled, so is this a specific customer making a last-minute decision that you felt like you had to react to? Then secondly gross margin being down 130 bips despite volume being up, Anthony, was there any kind of overhead absorption benefit from all this volume. If not, you know, why not?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Let me start with the last part of that question. No. There wasn't absorption benefit, because we still expect to make the same full-year production, so it is just moving fixed cost with those cases between the quarters on an rate per case basis nothing really changed. In terms of the volume spike, what you don't see when you look at the quarter is the monthly variations and we had very strong volume demands early in the quarter, so August-September and it is not a particular customer that has to do with just our overall programming and the timing of which customers place orders. In order to meet the customer service requirements, you know, we had to run some more overtime, we had to run some more weekends and obviously that cost us a bit more and we also had to get into the freight market on a spot basis, so that is obviously a little more expensive, so it is going to take us a little while here to catch up with that requirement, but we would foresee improvements when we get to the second half of the year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay. Was it on the specific line of products or not. It's mostly in our soup and sauce business in the U.S.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning. Happy holidays to you and your family.
Denise Morrison: Same to you, Eric.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning.
Eric Katzman: I guess, I want to follow-up on Rob's question, because I think it goes to the point. I mean, what kind of - I mean, obviously we do the timing of Thanksgiving, and you kind of have said that the shipments were well ahead of consumption, so the first part is, what are we looking for from sales in the second quarter given how much there - it seems like there was over-shipment versus consumption.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, that is a good point. We, as you know, benefitted from the retailer inventory movement in our last year first quarter relative to this year's first quarter. When you look at where we ended this quarter, it is within the kind of the historical ranges, but we are a bit higher than where we were last year, so it is hard to predict exactly when that will come out, but it could put some be a little bit of a headwind for us on second quarter top-line. As we have also said, we did expect no stronger first quarter and relatively softer second quarter, and to finish the half with results more in line with our full year guidance, so this is not in unexpected, but again the thing that we did not expect was within the first quarter, the acceleration to the earlier month or two.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We actually had a stronger sell-in against back-to-school, and as predicted had our holiday shipments, some of our holiday shipments shipped in October, and in the soup business at least about 75% of our consumption actually occurs in the second and the third quarters.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Then, Anthony, I don't understand your answers to Rob's question about the volume lift and the absorptions. Are you saying that regardless of quarterly volume, you basically spread the fixed cost over the entire year, kind of like just on some kind of basis as opposed to kind of counting it more specifically within the quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro: It actually goes with the volume, so you figure out on a fixed cost per case and you recognize those fixed costs as you sell them, so it is not straight line. It moves with the volume.
Eric Katzman: Great, so with the volume so strong in arguably the highest margin products that you have, I guess you just must have paid extraordinary cost on the freight market and I would assume Pepperidge Farm and Goldfish is a very high margin product, was that also an offset, because otherwise my guess is most investors are saying that this would have been a much bigger margin quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think, you referenced the mix benefit and we do see and you saw it on the gross margin bridge that I reviewed, so we are seeing that mix benefit. As I said, on a fixed cost per case basis, we don't necessarily see that, but we do see it in the mix line, so I think there was 30-basis point or 40-basis point of mix benefit given the performance is stoop in some of our higher margin business relative to the balance. That being said, you know, the inflation impact on dairy, beef and aluminum and freight, is about half of that gross margin miss you know and the other half is the supply chain related costs, which you know are not insignificant and did hurt our gross margin performance in the first quarter.
Eric Katzman: All right, I will respect the time. I will pass it on and will follow-up on this, Thanks.
Denise Morrison: It was 40 basis points of mix benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Denise Morrison: Hello, David.
David Palmer: Good morning. A big picture question about Campbell improving towards its long-term algorithm, I am imagining this year that Plum will have V8. Those are going to be areas of improvement this year and perhaps you can comment on that. Thinking longer term one issue and I think Chris was hinting at this on his question, Campbell has been improving somewhat in the meal helpers, the sauces, the cooking soups, essentially helping the Millennials and others prepare meals and participating in that importantly in a higher margin way for Campbell, Over time it is certainly believable that there could be a tipping point when these platforms again higher margin platforms for Campbell could start to sort of carry the P&L to contributor revenue in a way that is not one where you are fighting the gross margins of the products that you are growing with. Can you comment on that perhaps when you could see a tipping point like that? Thanks.
Denise Morrison: First of all, I don't think I could have articulated the strategy any clearer than you did, so thank you for that. I think that as opposed to tipping point, I think we are starting to see the impact of some mix exchange as these particular faster growing businesses come into the portfolio and are now captured in our organic sales. I liken it to what we did with aseptic broth. Once upon a time broth was a canned business and over time we introduced the aseptic cartons and cans gradually declined, the aseptic cartons of broth increased at a very significant margins, so we were pretty excited about that. I think it is these other businesses that will come into the portfolio and mix accordingly, but that said we are still putting a very concerted effort on our core businesses to strengthen them as well.
David Palmer: I guess the big question, the million-dollar question is whether these sauces and helpers, essentially, and some sometimes it is hard for us to teas that out of your general soup numbers, because some of these are cooking soups. When those will, again, carry that that line item in a margin-accretive way, I guess, that would be for us to just wait and watch.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean, I think that is right. One of the things we do know is that these types of products are attracting more affluent and younger consumer into our franchise and we are very encouraged by that.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hello, Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Just to drill down on one of these newer business lines, I was surprised to see profitability down pretty sharply in the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment and granted one quarter, but you are obviously generating strong top-line growth on Bolthouse. Foodservice seems to be in a more stable position, so is the margin contraction here during the quarter a function of the timing of investments in new products or should we think about there perhaps being Bolthouse-specific cost pressures that could persist over the course of the year or are there other factors that play just here during the quarter?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Matt, there was a couple of things. Within Bolthouse, the CPG business, so beverages and sour dressings grew both top-line and bottom-line and within Bolthouse that has been carrots, so there has been some significant inflation in there. It is partly due to the drought, so we have had higher water extraction costs and higher land cost. We also had a higher freight cost. We were growing up in Washington state in trucking down to California and since the first quarter that production has moved to central California, so that should help a bit. The other impact is on the Foodservice business, so not in Bolthouse, significant cost inflation in the Foodservice products and also some investment we are making to expand our retail fresh business, so it is a combination of those things.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, so it is fair to say it may not be the same magnitude, but some of these things directionally could continue to pressure operating profit for the next few quarters?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would expect things to get better.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We expect improvement.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. All right. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving.
Denise Morrison: Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Hi, Bryan, same to you.
Bryan Spillane: You know, I just wanted to ask a question about M&A. Denise, we are now a couple of years into this current strategy and you have been very articulate and clear about where the M&A targets are, but at the same time there is two things that probably shifted more in the last three years. One has been the trend towards or the size of the impact on health and wellness has become, I guess, more pronounced and larger in the U.S. Then also, international, especially developing and emerging markets, at least right now have slowed and I think there is a lot of mixed opinions in terms of when it turns and how it turns and where it turns. Can you just talk a little bit about how you have looked at those dynamics changing, and if at all it begins to have you kind of refocus or adjust at all, your lens for where you are looking to do acquisitions?
Denise Morrison: Yes. We said previously that some acquisition may be required to further diversify our portfolio and we still believe that to be the case. That said, we have also said and still are very tight with this, we have a very disciplined approach to how we evaluate acquisitions and the strategic fit of acquisitions into our program here. That said, we do have the financial flexibility to make a meaningful acquisition if we can find one that is a good fit and gives us the returns that we would expect to create value over time, so we still are active in this space, but we are being very disciplined about our approach to it.
Bryan Spillane: Has there been any change in focus areas or areas we are looking? Just because the global economy has slowed, things are slower in developing emerging markets and there seems to be an increased certainly appetite in the investment community, but also just broadly if health and wellness related products and categories, because you expand, has that all changed the areas where you are looking or is it still the same basket theme proportions in terms of where you were looking?
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, if you think about the acquisitions that we have made, Plum, Organics and Bolthouse Farms in packaged fresh have both been, we believe, are very, very solid plays in health and wellness and the Kelsen business was a good add for us for international expansion, particularly with 40% of its sales in China and Hong Kong. We will continue to look or target similar to those kind of acquisitions.
Bryan Spillane: Then just one last one related to this, just in terms of investment, so rather than M&A is there any more broad thoughts to just changing, thinking investments organically in your own business to adjust towards simple ingredients are more health and wellness above and beyond what you have already done, so something you might maybe change production processes or change ingredients. Is that all part of sort of what you are looking at in terms of your investment dollars? Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think, if you really look at the platforms for growth, in addition to what we just discussed, we have got a concerted effort on breakthrough innovation and one of platforms in breakthrough innovation is health and well being, because we have got V8 veggie blends coming, V8 protein bars and shakes. We have got advances in innovation and Bolthouse Farms and Plum and we have the new Campbell organic soups coming to market, so we are very active in innovation, in health and wellbeing space. Packaged fresh, we just talked about and then also increasing our availability, we have got an enormous opportunity in other channels outside of grocery, particularly in an immediate consumption channels, so we are in the process of building out that network, we have put a sales team in place and we still have a lot more work to do there, but that is a great expansion space for us.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thank you very much.
Denise Morrison: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question and Happy Thanksgiving.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Akshay.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Same to you. Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. My question is on freight cost. Can you talk a little more broadly about freight cost? A lot of companies have been mentioning that in the food space as being a headwind. Is seems like a general industry trend that sort of snuck up on us. Is that the case? What is your read on that? Is it sort of a transitory issue? Perhaps how long might that last?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, it really stems from the carrier capacity situation and there is just significantly more demand than there is availability especially on the spot market, so it hit us two ways this quarter. One, is just a general increase in freight rates. The other, because of our volume demand, we had to exit the spot market and a higher proportion than we have done in the past. You know what we are doing about it is, you we are trying to get more committed carrier capacity in our highest volume freight lanes and that will protect us from coming to the spot market. You may have to pay a little bit more, but it gives us some protection and our supply chain group is in the process of doing it right now, so it will be a negative impact but it should moderate as we go through the year here.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. I will pass on.
Denise Morrison: Our last question please?
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. Alexia, your line might be muted.
Alexia Howard: Thank you for the follow-up question. Can I just ask about the shift into digital on both, the advertising and promotional front? A number of companies have been saying that promotional spending particularly has been getting less effective of late. I am just wondering how quickly you are shifting into digital on both, advertising and promotion, and how you can be confident that is giving you, I guess, better effectiveness as you make that shift? Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have been experiencing and encouraging the same shaft into digital. We are up to about 20% of our spending and digital. What happens is it is the production cost of digital are less, but you need to produce more content, so there is a bit of an offset there. Yes, you could see non working come down, because of the price of producing in digital, but then again it is a different kind of production and making sure that content is fresh and works on multiple screens sizes, but we do believe that the shift will continue. This is the way to connect with the next generation of consumers. We still do have a significant portion of our spend in T.V., because of our large baby boomer population that still watches TV as their major media.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Alexia, and thanks all of our callers for those questions, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Campbell. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes. Go online to get it or call 703-925-2533. The access code is 1647199. You have until December 9th, the night at which we will move our earnings call strictly to the website investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News & Events. Then click on Recent Webcasts & Presentations. Our next earnings call is February 25th, the week following the Consumer Analyst Group of New York event and our CAGNY presentation and luncheon is confirmed for Wednesday, the 18th of February. If you have further questions, call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are reporter who has questions, please call, Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737.  We now conclude today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-09-08 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - VP, IR Denise Morrison - President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - CFO Anna Choi - Senior Manager, IR
Analysts: John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Andrew Lazar - Barclays Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler - CLSA David Driscoll - Citi Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.  
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate and good morning everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, our Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations.   I am going to start things of with a few reminders including items impacting comparability and our quarterly earnings days for fiscal 2015. Denise will follow me with her perspective on the quarter of the year and our plan through fiscal 2015. Anthony will then discuss our financial results for the quarter and full year, finishing with our expectations for fiscal 2015 and after that we will take your questions.   As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode.   Today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements, which reflects Campbell’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks.   Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to Campbell’s most recent 10-K and SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Now I would like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning’s news release, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded $21 million of pre-tax restructuring charges and restructuring related costs to improve our supply chain efficiency in Australia, to reduce overhead across the organization and for previously announced initiatives. We also recorded an additional 4 million pre-tax settlement charge associated with the US pension plan. Last year in the fourth quarter we recorded $30 million of pre-tax restructuring charges and restructuring related costs to improve our US supply chain and structure, to expand assets to manufacturing and distribution capabilities in Mexico, to improve the Pepperidge Farm supply chain and reduce overhead in North America.  Our comparisons in fiscal 2014 with fiscal 2013 to exclude previously announced items as shown on slide four. So now let me remind you that we will use non-GAAP measures to enhance our explanations. We’ve provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure as appendix to the slides to accompany our presentation. Because the guidance for fiscal 2015 is on a 52 week versus 52 weeks, we show the estimated impact of the extra week in fiscal 2014 on sales and earnings as well. These slides along with our earnings release and selected quarterly and annual financials also can be found on our website which is available online or on your mobile device with the Campbell IR app.  Last, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2015 earnings dates shown on slide six. Like this quarter, the days are a little later than usual due to the 53rd week which you will be hearing a lot on this call.  November 25 is when we plan to report first quarter, the next three earnings dates are February 25 of 2015, May 22 of 2015, and September 4, of 2015. With that let me turn the call over to Denise. 
Denise Morrison: Thank you Jennifer and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. At our investor day in July, I told you that I remain confident that our strategy to reshape Campbell by strengthening our core business and expanding in to faster growing spaces is the right course for our company, and I also know that it will take more time than we originally anticipated to achieve our long-term growth targets. Our industry is now in a period of profound change and challenge, and there has been a meaningful decline in the performance of the packaged food sector. Sources like the economic environment, the transformation of consumers’ food preferences with regard to health and wellness and their demand for greater transparency, the powerful social and demographic changes and the rise of e-commerce are all driving significant changes in consumer behavior with respect to food.  With this as background, today I will focus most of my remarks on our performance for full year 2014 and our expectations for fiscal 2015. But first, I will briefly comment on our fourth quarter results.  Our fourth quarter results benefited from the extra week in the fiscal year, which was a significant driver in the quarter, as we delivered 7% sales growth and double digit growth in adjusted EBIT and EPS.  Organic sales in the quarter decreased 2%, as our core business continued to under perform in a challenging consumer environment. Turning to our full year results, in 2014 including the 53 week and the benefit of acquisitions, Campbell delivered growth in both sales and adjusted earnings.  We were encouraged by the performance of the businesses we acquired in the last two fiscal years, as part of our strategy to reshape Campbell’s growth trajectory, but we were not satisfied with the performance of our core business and our organic sales results for the year reflected the extremely difficult market conditions which were impacting the food business. Consistent with our most recent guidance, sales from continuing operations increased 3% to nearly $8.3 billion, benefiting from acquisitions and an extra week in the fiscal year. Organic sales declined 1%. Adjusted earnings before interests and taxes from continuing operations grew 4% to nearly $1.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations 2% to $2.53. In US Simple Meals, we delivered growth in sauces with higher sales of Prego pasta sauces and Campbell’s dinner sauces. But after growing 5% in fiscal 2013, sales declined in US soup, as organic growth in Swanson broth which increased 8% was more than offset by declines in ready-to-serve and condense soups amid softer consumption. In Global Baking and Snacking, the acquisition of Kelsen Group contributed a $193 million in sales. We had modest growth in Pepperidge Farm, including continued gains in our Goldfish franchise and fresh bakery. We had solid growth in Indonesia. As we expected, sales declined in our business in Australia.  As we outlined at our investor day in July, we have initiated turnaround plans to reinvigorate both our Australian business and your US beverages business which also declined for the year. Overall we are embracing change and continuing to diversify our portfolio. We are building a presence in packaged fresh and other faster growing spaces in strategically important geographies outside of our developed markets and in channels that will make our products available everywhere consumer shops. In fiscal 2014, we achieved some key milestones in the execution of these strategies. We completed our acquisition of Kelsen Group, which is given us a valuable growth platform with 40% of its sales of baked snacks in China and Hong Kong. We invested in our first marketing programs to build the Bolthouse Farms brand and expanded the distribution of Bolthouse products driving solid sales growth and share gains of super-premium beverages in measured channels. Internationally, we divested our slow-growing European simple meals business to focus on growth opportunities in Asia and Latin America, and expanded our sweet biscuit business in Indonesia, a key developing market. In January, we transitioned to a new US network of distributors for our single-serve beverages. Overtime we expect this network to drive immediate consumption growth for both our V8 and Bolthouse Farms brands. We increased our digital and e-commerce capabilities to enhance our connection with consumers, who are engaging with brands in new ways. We continue to drive consumer focused innovation with new products equaling 11% of lists sales on a rolling three basis. Across our portfolio, we reduced overhead costs, which is critical to funding our growth. Finally, we reflected on our company’s purpose which we have expressed in seven words, real food that matters for life’s moments. This will be the compass that guards our decision as we aspire to become a $10 billion company within the next five years. It affirms our connections to the core values that have inspired trust in Campbell in the past and it bridges us to the priorities of new generations. Now that 2014 is behind us, I want to give you a brief overview of our plans for fiscal 2015. We’ll take further actions to drive growth in our important US soup portfolio, and improve category performance. To do this, we will continue to elevate quality, increase our brand building, and drive more innovation, including our first Campbell’s organic soups. We intend to expand in the Premium Soup segment, strengthen ready-to-serve soups, and grow our number one position in condense soups and broths. We will drive growth in Pepperidge Farm by executing against all the drivers of demand, including increased innovation, particularly in the back half of the year. We will revitalize our shelf-stable US beverage business by leveraging innovation and the powerful equities of the V8 brand in vegetable nutrition to capitalize on the juicing trend with affordable juicing. We will continue to stabilize our Australian business and rejuvenate sales of Arnott’s biscuits in that key market. In faster growing spaces, our acquisitions of Bolthouse Farms, Plum and Kelsen have diversified our nearly $8.3 billion portfolio as we continue to our shift centre of gravity. We expect all three of these businesses to grow the top line, as we expand distribution. To continue to drive our expansion into faster growing spaces, we will focus on four key platforms under our long-term strategy. Number one, accelerating break-through innovation, including continued expansion in Campbell’s dinner sauces and plans this year to extend the V8 brand to adult on-the-go nutrition protein bars and shakes. Across our portfolio, will on more than 200 new products, as we continue to respond to the evolving tastes and needs of consumers. Number two, becoming a leader in packaged fresh foods, a growing $18.6 billion category in which Bolthouse Farms has given us a solid foundation, and is now expanding with the launch of Bolthouse Farms Kids, an innovation portfolio of healthy snacks and beverages for children. Number three, expanding and developing markets in Asia and Latin America, building on our footholds in China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Mexico; and finally, increasing the availability of all of our products in all channels, including immediate consumption channels and e-commerce. We will fund our growth by aggressively managing our cost and margin. Furthermore, will become a high-performance company as we continue to drive agile decision-making, own our results and to track and retain world-class talent to further diversified our team. In fiscal 2015, we expect to deliver growth of 1% to 2% of sales, and between 0% to 2%. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS from continuing operations on a 52-week basis. This guidance reflects the impact of some significant headwinds that will affect year-over-year comparisons. Importantly, while we will continue to invest in our platforms for long-term growth, we are prepared to take additional actions if these headwinds accelerate. It is important to note that our growth in fiscal 2015 won’t be evenly distributed across quarters.  Our first quarter comparison will be favorable, because in fiscal 2014 we experienced retailer inventory movements and later Thanksgiving holiday timing that pushed sales in the second quarter. We expect a larger amount of holiday sales this year to shift back to the first quarter, and as a result, looking at our business performance on a first half basis versus a quarterly basis will be more meaningful. We continue to believe that our long-term growth targets 3% to 4% in organic sales, 4% to 6% in EBIT, and 5% to 7% in EPS are achievable. However, we recognize as we said at our investor day that further portfolio reconfiguration, including smart external development may be required to deliver and sustain growth at this level. We have meaningfully change the composition of our portfolio and are following through our commitment to diversify our business in to faster growing spaces. But we know it will take some time to realize with full promise of our new platforms, and we know that we stand at a critical juncture. In closing, I believe it is essential to balance optimism with realism. Consumers are changing in profound ways. At Campbell we’re putting the consumer first and adapting quickly to the new normal of our world. While remaining true to our core beliefs, we have opened our minds to new ways of thinking about our business. To win in the long-term, food companies will have to embrace change and lead change, and we’re doing this at Campbell. I look forward to answering your questions in a few minutes, and I will now turn the call over to Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Good morning and thanks Denise. I will walk through our fourth quarter results and segment highlights, followed by look a at our fiscal year results. As Jennifer indicated, both our fourth quarter and fiscal year results included extra week compared to the prior year. We’ll wrap up with a look at our fiscal 2015 guidance, which will be presented on a 52 to 52-week basis. As usual, my discussion of results will exclude items impacting comparability which are detailed in our non-GAAP reconciliations. For the fourth quarter, we reported net sales from continuing operations of 1.852 billion, an increase of 7% versus the year ago quarter. These sales results include a seven-point benefit from the 53rd week and a three-point contribution from our Kelsen and Plum acquisitions. Excluding the 53rd week acquisitions and a negative impact of currency, organic net sales decreased by 2%, driven by declines in our US Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking segment, probably offset by gains in Bolthouse and Foodservice. Adjusted EBIT increase 25% to 259 million, the increase was primarily due to lower administrative expenses and the benefit of the 53rd week probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.49, a 14% increase versus the prior year, reflecting an EBIT growth probably offset by a higher effective tax rate. The next slide shows a composition of our sales performance. As you can see, there was no impact from volume mix and rising. The organic sales decrease of two points reflects increased promotional spending, primarily related to higher rates of spending to remain competitive in our Global Baking and Snacking segment. Unfavorable currency had a one-point impact due to the Australian and Canadian dollars weakening against the US dollar. The acquisition of Kelsen and seven additional weeks of Plum added three points. The benefit of the 53rd week added seven points to sales growth. Our adjusted growth margin percentage declined by 240 basis points to 34.3%. Of the decline, 210 basis points came from the base business and 30 basis points was the impact of acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the decline in gross margin was primarily due to increased supply chain costs, cost inflation and higher promotional spending probably offset by productivity improvement. To give this some context, the fourth quarter is a relatively small quarter for us and the increase in supply chain costs negatively impacted gross margins by about two points. This included the impact of fixed cost absorption compared to last year and mark-to-market losses on open commodity contracts. Importantly, going forward, we estimate that our gross margin percentage for the full-year of 2015 will be comparable to this year. Marketing and selling expenses for the quarter decreased by $2 million to 189 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, lower selling expenses, and the impact of currency probably offset by the impact of acquisitions. [A&C] for the quarter and the year fell 2%, while total marketing support, including trade spending rose for both period. Administrative expenses decreased 46 million to 149 million, primarily due to lower incentive composition costs and cost savings from recent restructuring initiatives. Not let’s look at below the line items; for the quarter net interest expense of 30 million was comparable to the prior year quarter as a lower debt balance and lower interest rates were offset by the impact of the additional week. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 33.2%, an increase of 8.5 points versus the prior year. The 2013 rate was significantly lower, benefiting from lower taxes and [forward] earnings. Reflecting the impact of the higher tax rate, both adjusted earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations increased by 14%. Fourth quarter segment sales results and the organic growth rates are shown on the next slide. The Global Baking and Snacking segment, our largest segment by sales in the quarter delivered 628 million in sales, including a 32 million contribution from Kelsen. Organic sales declined 2% versus the prior year, we declines at Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s. The sales decline at Pepperidge Farm was driven by increased promotional spending probably offset by volume gains. Sales of cookies and crackers were comparable to prior year gains in Goldfish snack crackers offset by declines in Pepperidge Farm adult cracker varieties. Sales of frozen and other products declined, while sales of fresh bakery products increased, driven by volume gains in breads and rolls. The sales decrease at Arnott’s was due to weakness in Australia primarily in savory and sweet varieties probably offset by continued strong sales growth in Indonesia. Our US Simple Meals segment delivered 518 million in sales, including 32 million of sales from Plum. Organic sales decreased 5% versus the prior year, within this segment; US soup organic sales decreased 10%, including seven point declines due to movement in retailer inventories. As you may recall, we ended the third quarter with inventory levels higher than the prior year due to the later timing of the Easter holiday. As we ended fiscal 2014, retailer inventory levels were comparable to year ago. Our consumer takeaway of soup and measured channels was down 3% in the quarter. Organic sales of other simple meals increased by 2%, driven by gains in Campbell’s dinner sauces and Prego pasta sauces. Our Bolthouse Farms and Foodservice segment posted 334 million in sales. It was the best performing segment as organic sales increased 4%. Double-digit growth in Bolthouse Farms premium, refrigerated beverages and salad dressings was probably offset by decreases in North America foodservice. International simple meals and beverages delivered 188 million in sales. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year, as declines in Latin America and Asia Pacific regions were probably offset by gains in Canada. US beverages delivered sales of 184 million, organic sales decreased 1% due to declines in V8 V-Fusion, Crowley offset by gains in V8 Splash beverages, and V8 vegetable juice. Excluding the sales decline associated with the continuing transition to our new immediate consumption [round] to market, organic sales would have been up modestly in the quarter. Operating earning’s for US simple meals increased 4% to 114 million. The improvement was primarily due to the 53rd week, and lower administrative and marketing expenses, probably offset by the decline in US soup sales and a lower gross margin percentage. Operating earnings for global baking and snacking increased 17% to 98 million primarily driven by lower administrative expenses in the extra week probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage. The increase reflected earnings growth in Pepperidge Farm and the addition of Kelsen Group’s operating results. Earnings for Arnott’s were comparable to the prior year quarter. Operating earnings for US beverages more than doubled to 43 million. The gain was primarily driven by lower administrative, selling and marketing expenses and the benefit of the 53rd week. Operating earnings within [Bolthouse] and Kelsen foodservice gained 16% to 29 million.  The increase was primarily due to lower administrative expenses and the benefit of the 53rd week probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage and higher marketing expenses, as we continue to support the Bolthouse Farms brand. In International simple meals and beverages, operating earnings totaled 21 million, an increase of 50%, primarily due to a higher gross margin percentage driven by productivity improvement and the benefit of the 53rd week. Our full-year results as shown on this chart were consistent with our most recent guidance for sales, EBIT, and EPS. For the year, net sales were up 3%, while organic net sales decreased 1%. Declines in US beverages and International simple meals and beverages were probably offset by gains in the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment.  Adjusted EBIT increased 4% on lower administrative expenses, a three point benefit from the 53rd week, and lower marketing expenses, probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage and the organic sales decline. Adjusted earnings per share increased 2% to $2.53, including a $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. For this fiscal year, sales grew 3% driven by a three-point contribution from acquisitions, and the two point benefit from the 53rd week minus one point each from lower organic sales and unfavorable currency translation. Organic sales decreased 1% as the impact of high promotional spending was probably offset by higher selling prices. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 190 basis points to 35.4%.  The decline in gross margin was primarily attributable to cost inflation, higher promotional spend, increased supply chain cost, and unfavorable impact of acquisitions, probably offset by productivity improvement and higher selling prices. The rate increase in cost of goods sold was approximately 4% for the year in line with our estimates, probably offset by productivity savings of 3%. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 1% for 12 million, the change was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, the impact of currency, lower marketing overhead expenses and lower selling expenses probably offset by the impact of acquisitions. Administrative expenses decreased 15% or 104 million primarily due to lower incentive compensation costs, cost savings from restructuring initiatives and lower pension cost, probably offset by the impact of acquisitions. For this fiscal year, net interest expense decreased 5% or 6 million primarily due to lower average interest rates on our debt portfolio. That adjusted tax rate for this fiscal year was 31.7%, a 1.9 point increase versus the prior year, which benefited from lower taxes on foreign earnings and a favorable settlement of certain US state tax matters. Adjusted earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations increased by 2%. I’ll briefly comment on full-year segment results. In the US Simple Meals segment organic sales were comparable to a strong prior year, which saw sales grow 5%. Within this segment, US soup organic sales decreased 2%, while sales of other simple meals increased by 4%, primarily due to growth in Prego pasta sauces and Campbell’s dinner sauces. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment includes a 193 million contribution from Kelsen. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year, as sales growth in Indonesia and Pepperidge Farm driven by Goldfish were offset by declines in Arnott’s in Australia. Our Bolthouse and Foodservice segment had organic sales growth of 2%, with double-digit gains in Bolthouse Farms, premium, refrigerated beverages, and salad dressings, probably offset by declines in North America food service. Organic sales for International simple meals and beverages decreased by 3%, with declines in Latin America, Canada and the Asia-Pacific region. US beverage organic sales decreased 4% due to sales declines in our V8 V-Fusion multi-served beverages, as well as weakness in our single-serve products, as we continue the transition to our new distribution networks for the immediate consumption channel. Commenting on full-year segment earnings, US simple meals operating earnings decreased 2% to 714 million as a lower gross margin percentage and expenses related to the number 2013, Plum recall were probably offset by lower administrative expenses, low marketing expenses and a benefit of the extra week. Global baking and snacking earnings gained 5% to 332 million. The increase was primarily driven by lower administrative expenses, the acquisition of Kelsen, low marketing expenses and the benefit of the 53rd week probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage and unfavorable impact of currency. The increase reflected growth in Pepperidge Farm and Kelsen Group’s operating results, probably offset by lower earnings in Arnott’s. US beverages operating earnings increased 6% to 127 million, primarily driven by lower administrative and marketing expenses, probably offset by a lower gross margin percentage and low volumes.
 : International simple meals and beverages operating earnings decreased 2% to 106 millions in this fiscal year. The decrease was primarily driven by volume declines and the unfavorable impact of currency probably offset by lower administrative expenses, a higher gross margin percentage and lower selling expenses. On the next slide you can see the sales performance of US soups excluding the estimated impact of the 53rd week. Sales declined 2% compared to the prior year in which soup sales rose 5%. Consumer takeaway measured channels also declined by 2% as soup inventory levels at retailers at year-end were comparable with 2013. For the year, sales for condensed soups decreased 3% driven primarily by declines in eating varieties. Ready-to-serve soup sales declined 6%, with lower sales across the RTS portfolio. Broth had a very strong year with sales increasing by 8%, driven by strong marketing programs, innovations and distribution gains. Year is a look at US wet soup category performance in the past year and our share performance as measured by IRI. For the 52 week period ending August 3, 2014, the category as a whole declined 1.1%. Our sales and measured channels decline 2% with low single-digit declines in condensed and ready-to-serve soups probably offset by high single-digit growth in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decrease of 50 basis points in the period. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28% with private label with at 13%. Cash flow from operations was 899 million compared with 1.19 billion in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to lower cash earnings and taxes paid on the divestiture of the European simple meals business probably offset by low working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of 347 million increased from 336 million a year ago. Net debt decreased by 337 million to 3.783 billion. Now, I’ll talk about our fiscal 2015 guidance. As we’ve stated, fiscal 2014 comprised 53 weeks, which includes one additional week. As shown on the chart, we estimate that the extra week benefited sales by two points, EBIT by three points, and EPS by $0.08 per share. On a 52-week adjusted basis in 2014, we delivered 8.139 billion in sales, 1.244 billion in EBIT, and EPS of $2.45. These 52-week numbers are the base for our fiscal 2015 guidance. As we stated at our recent investor day, while we expect to achieve growth in 2015, we do not expect to achieve our long-term target growth rates. For fiscal 2015, we expect continuing operations to grow sales by 1% to 2%, adjusted EBIT to go grow between 0% and 2%, and EPS to grow 0% to 2%, or $2.45 to $2.50 per share. Turning to solve the key assumptions underlying our guidance, we expect inflation and cost of products sold of approximately 3% to 4%, driven by double-digit increases in dairy, meats and tomatoes. Cost inflation will be mostly offset by estimated productivity gains of 3% as a percentage of cost of products sold. We expect our gross margin percentage to be comparable to last year, as we realize some gains in net pricing and wrap some one-time cost, most notably the Plum recall. The anticipated return of incentive compensation to targeted levels represents of four point headwind at EBIT or approximately $0.09 per share, the majority of which will flow-through our administrative expense line. We expect that the benefit from our restructuring initiatives, including the program initiated in the fourth quarter will probably offset the incentive compensation impact. The effective tax rate is projected to be in the 31% to 32% range comparable to fiscal 2014. This guidance assumes a modest EPS contribution from share repurchases, as we anticipate resuming our strategic share repurchase program in 2015. We forecast capital expenditures to increase by 50 million to approximately 400 million, as we increase funding for capacity expansion project for Goldfish, Bolthouse Farms, aseptic broth and our business in Indonesia. As Denise has already mentioned, given our performance in the first half last year, we expect strong performance in the first quarter and softer performance in the second quarter, which should add up to a first half that’s more consistent with our annual guidance. Thank you. And now I will turn it back to Jennifer.
 : International simple meals and beverages operating earnings decreased 2% to 106 millions in this fiscal year. The decrease was primarily driven by volume declines and the unfavorable impact of currency probably offset by lower administrative expenses, a higher gross margin percentage and lower selling expenses. On the next slide you can see the sales performance of US soups excluding the estimated impact of the 53rd week. Sales declined 2% compared to the prior year in which soup sales rose 5%. Consumer takeaway measured channels also declined by 2% as soup inventory levels at retailers at year-end were comparable with 2013. For the year, sales for condensed soups decreased 3% driven primarily by declines in eating varieties. Ready-to-serve soup sales declined 6%, with lower sales across the RTS portfolio. Broth had a very strong year with sales increasing by 8%, driven by strong marketing programs, innovations and distribution gains. Year is a look at US wet soup category performance in the past year and our share performance as measured by IRI. For the 52 week period ending August 3, 2014, the category as a whole declined 1.1%. Our sales and measured channels decline 2% with low single-digit declines in condensed and ready-to-serve soups probably offset by high single-digit growth in broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, a decrease of 50 basis points in the period. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28% with private label with at 13%. Cash flow from operations was 899 million compared with 1.19 billion in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to lower cash earnings and taxes paid on the divestiture of the European simple meals business probably offset by low working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of 347 million increased from 336 million a year ago. Net debt decreased by 337 million to 3.783 billion. Now, I’ll talk about our fiscal 2015 guidance. As we’ve stated, fiscal 2014 comprised 53 weeks, which includes one additional week. As shown on the chart, we estimate that the extra week benefited sales by two points, EBIT by three points, and EPS by $0.08 per share. On a 52-week adjusted basis in 2014, we delivered 8.139 billion in sales, 1.244 billion in EBIT, and EPS of $2.45. These 52-week numbers are the base for our fiscal 2015 guidance. As we stated at our recent investor day, while we expect to achieve growth in 2015, we do not expect to achieve our long-term target growth rates. For fiscal 2015, we expect continuing operations to grow sales by 1% to 2%, adjusted EBIT to go grow between 0% and 2%, and EPS to grow 0% to 2%, or $2.45 to $2.50 per share. Turning to solve the key assumptions underlying our guidance, we expect inflation and cost of products sold of approximately 3% to 4%, driven by double-digit increases in dairy, meats and tomatoes. Cost inflation will be mostly offset by estimated productivity gains of 3% as a percentage of cost of products sold. We expect our gross margin percentage to be comparable to last year, as we realize some gains in net pricing and wrap some one-time cost, most notably the Plum recall. The anticipated return of incentive compensation to targeted levels represents of four point headwind at EBIT or approximately $0.09 per share, the majority of which will flow-through our administrative expense line. We expect that the benefit from our restructuring initiatives, including the program initiated in the fourth quarter will probably offset the incentive compensation impact. The effective tax rate is projected to be in the 31% to 32% range comparable to fiscal 2014. This guidance assumes a modest EPS contribution from share repurchases, as we anticipate resuming our strategic share repurchase program in 2015. We forecast capital expenditures to increase by 50 million to approximately 400 million, as we increase funding for capacity expansion project for Goldfish, Bolthouse Farms, aseptic broth and our business in Indonesia. As Denise has already mentioned, given our performance in the first half last year, we expect strong performance in the first quarter and softer performance in the second quarter, which should add up to a first half that’s more consistent with our annual guidance. Thank you. And now I will turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Anthony. At this time will conduct the Q&A session. We would likely to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question. If you have a second question, we invite you to re-enter the queue as we’ll take double dippers after everyone else has had the opportunity to pose a question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Denise just wondering if you could provide an update on the sauces strategy and maybe the products you’re seeing in terms of retailers adopting these dedicated aisle merchandisers, and your expectations for the contribution of sauces to growth in fiscal ’15.
Denise Morrison: Our sauces strategy is to continue to build pace brand. We have on the docket for F ‘15 some innovation and brand building programs. But most of the contribution from sauces will come from the growth in Prego, where we are continuing to expand our white sauces, and also the innovation in our Campbell’s dinner sauces, where we have introduced Skillet and Slow Cooker sauces, and this year, we are introducing Oven sauces, and that platform continues to build. We now have the majority of retailers giving us an extra four foot section in the stores as a destination for these particular sauces. So it’s a very strong and profitable business for us.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Denise in the prepared remarks, I think you made a comment about remaining committed to investing in the platforms for the long-term, but also having the willingness to take additional actions if industry headwinds accelerate.  So just trying to get a sense of what you meant by those additional actions; is that a potential for just to be more thoughtful around marketing in the year, potentially or incremental restructuring or both or things beyond that, then I didn’t mention thank you.
Denise Morrison: I think it’s really important that the company, given the fact that we are still having challenges on our organic sales to continue to invest in these brands and to make sure that we are innovating, and that is going to take the investment that we have in our plans.  However, given the volatility in the market place on some of the commodity issues that we’re facing et cetera, we are constantly looking for additional opportunities for cost reduction and management of those margins. So that’s what I was indicating their. We believe that we’ve got it balanced, but quite frankly, if there are surprises we will take extra action to make sure to deliver what we said we’re going to do.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Got it. So a little less on marketing side, where I think you have mentioned even at your analyst day that does need to be, continued to be bolstered behind some of the new innovations and then maybe more on the cost side, potentially.
Denise Morrison: Correct. Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Maybe a little bit of a follow-up to Andrew’s question for the long-term. And then I have kind of a detail numbers question. But on the long-term, why wouldn’t and maybe this looks somewhat semantic, but why wouldn’t you change your long-term targets either a little lower, given the environment and the inability to achieve them over the last three years or just say, okay, our long-term targets now include the assumption of M&A to stop.
Denise Morrison: The way we are looking at it Eric is, we need about a point more of sales and two points of EBIT growth to get to the bottom of the range, and when you think about the puts and takes that we’re cycling in F ‘14, that give was about four points of EBIT pressure in F ‘15 with a net impact of about $45 million from supply chain cost and incentive compensation. Without this headwind, EBIT would have been consistent with our long-term targets. So we have line of sight of how to get there. However, we are saying that there may be a call for more M&A to continue to diversify into faster growing spaces for sustainable achievement of those long-term targets.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Right. And then Anthony if I could just follow, I don’t understand one thing you said about the fiscal ‘15 assumptions. Now you have already started out by saying that fiscal ‘15 is likely to be less than planned.  So if the incentive comp of 45 million is that a portion of what you would have assumed if you had achieve the targets. I’m just surprised that wouldn’t the incentive comp headwinds be lower because you’re already at the start of the year, assuming a less then average year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Let me kill clarify Eric, what I said is that, our fiscal 2015 growth rate would be lower than our long-term target growth rates. Those growth rates in F ‘15 are more consistent with our internal plans. And the 0% to 2% EBIT and EPS growth includes the negative headwind from returning incentive compensation to target levels, part of which is offset by restructuring benefits from the programs that we recently initiated.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: But I guess I just don’t understand, if you are starting out the year, knowing that you’re going to be below your long-term plan, and I realize your compositions a function of several plans or several different time periods. Why would you restate or accrue the comp that what I guess is essentially a normal year’s level. Do you understand what I’m saying?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. You must be referring to the multi year programs and the annual plan resets every year, so that certainly goes back to target levels. The way the accruals work on the longer term ones is that you basically adjust to your current expectations, so that going forward, the increment is more consistent or closer to target.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, maybe I’ll follow up off-line. I’ll pass up. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just wondered if I can get a little bit more color on the increase supply chain costs. I know the through the year you had those, I think weather in part was a factor. But seems like those continued in the fourth quarter as well. Can you give a little color on that, and does that pressing in your response to Andrew’s question, in part, which you would be targeting if there was some more cost reduction activities.
Anthony DiSilvestro: On the fourth quarter, we had a couple of situations in the supply chain was relatively unique and different than the full-year impacts that we saw around, for example, the Plum recall the impact of the extreme weather on warehousing and distribution costs. What we saw in the fourth quarter is really two things, and they both add up to being about a two point impact on gross margin quarter-over-quarter. The first is the timing of our fixed cost absorption, last year we had some favorability, this year we had some unfavorability rating. It’s a relatively small quarter, we are truing up some of our fixed cost reserves and what we saw was year-on-year negative impact on gross margins. And the second is on our open commodity hedges, so we take forward cover on the majority of our hedge able items, and what happened in the fourth quarter, the underlying prices of those commodities declined and so we had to record a loss on some of those open commodity hedges.  So those two things happened in the fourth quarter, and again they are not really kind of a recurring thing which is why I added the comment that looking ahead we do expect 2015 gross margin percentage to be comparable to this year.
Denise Morrison: And Chris, just to build on that. In the fourth quarter last year, we were gearing up on launching Campbell’s Homestyle soup. So that is something that we’re cycling this year.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: The absorption.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Just sticking with the soup category, you’ve launched a wide range of new soups over the past few years, the Go soups, Slow Kettle, Bisques and so on, and yet the categories continues to decline, it seems. What have you learned from those new product launches over the years, and what makes line up for fiscal ‘15 more likely to succeed this time. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: Alexia what we’re doing in the next year is two things, we are improving against our drivers of demand, but we are also investing more in broader platforms to improve total category performance.  So each one of the things you listed in and of itself is a single initiative, but when you bundle that into a premium soup platform, we then will be building the expansion of Slow Kettle and the introduction of Campbell’s Organic soup. We’re putting premium soup sections in stores, so that we know that the consumer for these particular product is younger and more affluent, so that gives us the range in value all the way from Condensed soup all the way up to a Premium soup and shelf-stable and then also in chilled, and so focusing on premium soup platform, we believe is a faster growing space for is within the soup category. The second thing we are doing is, Swanson broth is giving us an expansion to a flavor infused platform, which is offering consumers a creative homing soup in meal solutions based on the insight of why I cook? And then, within some of the brands we have platforms like pub-inspired Chunky or building out our Campbell’s Homestyle and Healthy Request soup. So what we’ve really learned is by bundling these into platforms, what we have to do is improve the total category performance, which has been declining,, and if you can do that by bringing new users into category we believe that’s the best opportunity for growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on soup for this upcoming year. What sort of year-over-year performance would expect simple meals and soups specifically similar to your overall top line guidance, and where I’m going with this is, your innovation, marketing and renovation plans for this year, how would you characterize them versus ‘14, and what do you think of weather comparisons are they neutral or perhaps negative event for ‘15 as you are thinking ahead. Thanks.
Anthony DiSilvestro: He yes, I would say I don’t want to give a specific forecast for simple meals, but as Denise said, we do expect soup to grow in 2014. We do expect growth from some of our other areas within simple meals. The challenge is that some of these core centre store categories have been sluggish of late, and that’s kind of what’s holding its back. We will flex the marketing to focus against some of the innovation that’s going on, so the launch of Oven sauce and the launch of organic soups, so will flex the marketing within there to do that. We expect pretty significant renovation, I mean Denise talked about 200 new SKUs, a lot of those fit inside the simple meals category.  With regards to weather, I would say kind of neutral year-on-year, but don’t really focused too much on that.
Denise Morrison: The only thing I would add is that, we typically plan our innovation at the average in the food business, and so if something performs better than average we get a benefit from that. But if something performs below that we believe that by planning to the average weekend balance out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Maybe a broader question just trying to conceptualize a little bit where we stand or will go going forward in terms of the core business. I guess over the last few years, the challenging environment, the challenges have been really North America and I guess Australia, and it’s been a combination of the economy or a weak consumer wallet and all the things that would drive that.  And then we’ve also got change in consumer case, I guess, from my perspective, it seems like early on it was more a weak wallet and less sort of consumer tastes and maybe that’s changed now. So can you just give is a sense for kind of, of those items which ones are really causing the most pressure today, and as you’re going forward, which of those two do you think are the most important in addressing in terms of sort of getting the base to be where it needs in order to get ourselves back to the algorithm.
Denise Morrison: There are several factors, but I’ll talk about two that are on our watch. The first one is the impact of snack, particularly on the recipients, they are about 12% of our shopper base and that’s correlated to about 1% decline in sales. There are about 19% of households in general, based on government data. IRI captures about 12% of them as they do their analysis. And our analysis shows that about 30% of our retail customer base is experiencing greater dollar declines among these households versus their total retail shoppers. So we are continuing to watch that. The second is a shopping pattern of the next generation. We’re watching the fact that 18 to 24-year-olds are not necessarily frequenting stores like their parents. Now, a lot of them live with their parents, so that might explain some of it. But as we dig deeper in it, some of them haven’t even made any trips to either a club store or mass merchandiser in the last year. So making sure that we are engaging this nice generation where they shop and how they are going to be engaging with brands is going to be very, very important. So those are the two things that we think are having a macro impact, there are more.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: But it’s fair to say in the near-term, the longer term thing is getting the millennial I guess other people in the 20s to engage in the category more. But the more specific thing that turned in the near-term, which is simply be that financial pressure of the wallet.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I would say being the finance guy that that weak wallet has a very significant impact. We’re talking about our core category performance and probably something that we can affect the least, and it’s certainly impacting some of our centre store categories. Unlike the innovation thing we’re doing a lot about innovation. Now, those things are more in our control, we understand where the consumer is going, we can bring new products. Denise talked about dinner sources, we have a new line of [VHUs] as that is more healthy, we have new varieties of Swanson and Chunky and Homestyle and Prego Vista. All those things are addressing kind of where the consumer tastes is evolving. The hardest one for us to get at, obviously, is that weak wallet and the impact on our core categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: So you’ve talked more recently about pulling back on some of the less productive promotional spending that you’ve seen through the course of the year and shifting these dollars back to advertising, but with promotion about 2% headwind towards sales this quarter. I guess it wasn’t clearly evident in Q4. Were you able to make or have you been able to make these kinds of tactical adjustments you’d hope to make 2 to 3 months ago, or is the competitive environment make it difficult to follow through on this.
Denise Morrison: Actually for F ‘15 we have made course corrections based on our F‘14 results, and we’ve worked with both depths and frequency depending upon the category and the competition we are facing, and obviously for competitive reasons, we don’t disclose the specifics of our promotions, but we have like I said taken up learning and applied it. In general, we aim to keep a total marketing spend, which is a combination of advertising consumer and trade, add about 25% of less sales. But the marketing mix is going to vary depending upon the brand and the category and the competitive set in that category.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: And then just to clarify with respect to some of the marketing and selling costs overall for the full-year, and my sense is that this should definitely be up year-on-year in absolute terms because of this course correction, but can you just confirm that that’s the right way to think about it on a full-year basis, not necessarily quarter-to-quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Denise was referring to our total marketing so advertising, consumer and trade spending, not the selling and marketing line on the P&L and trying to keep it around 24% to 25% of their sales. I wouldn’t expect any significant changes in those percentages year-on-year or ‘15 versus ’14. Maybe some slight changes within them, but nothing significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: I want to drill down a little bit more on gross margin, I think, at least for me that was the biggest surprise in the quarter. Can you help us quantify the Plum recall expenses as well as the other supply chain expenses or I would guess the mark-to-market charges that hit you this year. Then bigger question thinking forward into next year, you are guiding for inflation to modestly outstrip productivity, as I think now it was getting at net pricing at our promotions has been eroding into the new fiscal year, and you had this mix issue within your P&L presumably as soup sales lag and some of your lower margin or faster growth piece of the portfolio becoming a bigger piece. So in context to all that, how are we comfortable gross margins being flat in fiscal ’15.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay, I can address that because with any planning cycles there are certainly puts and takes. In this year, we had the Plum recall that was worth $16 million as we’ve discussed. In the four quarters, we had this issue around losses on open commodity contracts, both of those are going to turn and go the other way in 2015, but there has been some one-offs or takes in 2015, as well.  Most of that Plum recall wrap is going to be offset by unfavorable currency movement at the transaction level. So, imports into both Canada and Australia are adversely impacted by the weakening of those currencies.  So there are a number of pluses and minuses that kind of net out with the exception of the incentive compensation headwind and we’ve talked about that that’s $45 million. A good portion of that $45 million is going to be offset by the benefit of our restructuring programs. We had three quarters this year, where we’ve announced restructuring initiatives, combined when we fully implement those it’s worth 65 million, we won’t get all that in F ‘15, but we’ll get a good portion of that. So we’re trying to mitigate that impact, and again we have a number of puts and takes and they kind of all balance out with the exception of that one big one.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s helpful. Switching gears, Denise to you on M&A, you’ve kind of hinted that maybe M&A is on the cards, but you put out this $10 billion sales bogey in five years, and even given your credits for pretty healthy acceleration to your underlying portfolio. You’re going to come easily $1 billion plus short of that without M&N. So A, is that the right way to think about it, and then B, as we contemplate up to 1 billion or more of acquired sales: next five years, how do we think about your prioritization in terms of buying businesses that accelerate long-term growth to your portfolio versus buying businesses that can have a meaningful impact on both the top and bottom line right out of the gates.
Denise Morrison: Well, we continue to evaluate M&A targets that are a good strategic fit, but we have a very disciplined approach. So I don’t want to take away the [b’s] that we’re going to be reckless about this. We definitely have been looking at specific targets, but we’ve walked away from more than we made.  So the prioritization will be about the places that we’ve picked being the global baking and snacking area, the packaged fresh area, health and wellness in North America. Those are the three areas that we believe that they are faster growing spaces for us based on the strategy that we’ve laid out. And we do have the financial flexibility to make a meaningful acquisition, but like I said, we are being very disciplined about it.
Anthony DiSilvestro: If I could just add to that, I mean certainly M&A, can play a role as you’ve seen us deal with Bolthouse and Plum and Kelsen in terms of improving our growth profile and we’ll continue to look for opportunities to do that.  But we also recognize that in terms of value creation the best thing we can do is improve the performance of our base business. And Denise has talked about the dual mandate, we are focused on expanding in the higher growth spaces with innovation and packaged fresh and availability in the international business that we do own. So it’s a combination of improving the base and expanding through M&A that will get us to that $10 billion target.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks a lot guys, I’ll pass it on.
Denise Morrison: I know we are at the hour , but we’ll keep going because we still have a few people in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I wanted to ask about Denise’s comments about four pillars to accelerate growth in particular, the move in to some non-traditional channels, and I am particularly interested in, promo spending has been pretty inefficient, most of your peers have said the same and you even commented about (inaudible) not shopping the way their parents do.  So I guess my question’s really, as promo hasn’t really produced the volume lift can you first of all quantify what percentage of your sales is coming from these alternative channels and then can you talk a little bit about how you will go about getting into say C- stores or clubs, or maybe you could just give us a few more details on kind of what’s behind that comment, and then obviously those channels are pretty competitive.  So if you could just explain that up a little bit. I would be very interested in hearing that thank you.
Denise Morrison: Well, we have a majority of our business still concentrated largely in grocery and mass merchandiser which gives us lots of opportunity for expansion in other channels, and we believe that we need to make a concerted effort to do so. We have expanded our sales presence and our programming across multiple channels and we are also paying attention to the e-commerce space with many of our large customers and so we are doing a better job in terms of tailoring programs in some of these new spaces. So we’re not highly efficient right out of the gate, but we are learning and getting better at it. I think most of the promotional situations that we have though this year was more in our traditional channels, and we were working more with frequency and less depths and in some categories like baked snacks and soup that didn’t work as well as we expected it to. So we are of course correcting.
Anthony DiSilvestro: We have a very significant initiative against the immediate consumption channels that we’ve talked about as we develop our own router to market network. At this point we have over 100 new distributors signed up. That transition is largely complete, we’ve got over hundred thousand doors in terms of coverage and we expect to see some growth coming from this initiative, probably by the second-quarter of fiscal ’15.
Denise Morrison: And the original focus on that is beverage from both V8 and Bolthouse Farms.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay, thank you for the additional color.
Denise Morrison: Yes, and I think our estimate routing that channels Diane is about 10% somewhere in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thanks for taking the question, I see the hour show. I’ll be direct here, I wanted to just talk a little bit about the gross margins. When I look really big picture at Campbell’s Soup in more than 10 years of data, Denise, we haven’t seen a gross margin like this. I mean 35.4%, it’s remarkable in respect to what Campbell has produced for so many years. I also believe that at the beginning of the year you guys thought that the gross margin would actually be kind of flattish on the year end and it was down 190 basis points. So there are a lot of things that have really happened that I think were not easily predictable by the team. The point in the question is, can adjust discuss why gross margins wouldn’t have significant risk to the downside ongoing for the very same factors that kind of drove the F ‘14 numbers. And is it simply all about this 65 million in savings, is that the lifeline that we are hoping that really stabilizes gross margins, thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Guess I think the first is we certainly acknowledge what has happened to our gross margin over the last couple of years, and the principal driver of that has been an increase in trade rates, and it has to do with the environment, it has to do with a couple of a businesses, namely US soup in Australia and more recently in Pepperidge Farm. And I think the difference, and certainly it is a challenging goal, we acknowledge that. But we also acknowledge in order for us to hit our financial targets, we need to do a better job at managing this trade rate closer to flat. We have plans to that in 2015 with a combination of changes promote price points that something that we didn’t have coming into this year, so that has a direct and immediate impact on the amount of trade. We have adjustment to the frequency and around specific promotional events continuing to learn in terms of what programs are more productive versus less productive, and that to reallocate within the portfolio. I think most of the challenge in Australia is fully behind us, we have specific plans to address the issue of late within Pepperidge Farm. So as we look across the portfolio, and again, its going to very by category, but we are looking to hold the trade rate relatively flat, and it is a challenge but that’s our plan and what we are trying to do in 2015, because we know how critical it is to the gross margin to get this trade rate back to flattish.
David Driscoll - Citi: I mean to state the obvious, it’s unsettling to see these gross margins do what they are doing and then to have confidence in the model. Certainly ‘15 will be critical. Can you describe or quantify the size of the commodity impacts for the open hedge position that it took in the fourth quarter. If I’m correct, that’s a reversible item. So what will happen is as you actually recognize those the actual transactions through F‘15. What was the headwind in the fourth quarter will become a tailwind within the operating segments as the course of ‘15 plays through and the hedges are used up.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, somebody studied hedge accounting, it’s about $10 million.
David Driscoll - Citi: It’s 10 million bucks, and then I would go back to Eric’s question just to speed it. I think I want to state it simply, the $45 million of incentive comp that you built back into the plan, I think what Eric was getting at is, kind of why does all 45 million get back into the budget for the year when the expectation is that the company will not achieved its long-term targets. I mean it’s in simple form, and he doesn’t mean to come across that harsh.  I mean Denise, may be the right answer is, you just have to pay the team in order to keep the team. I think we all just kind of want to understand the philosophy on the 45 million and what it takes to maintain the excitement of the people running the business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Let me jump in first here and then Denise can come at it if she’d like. Thanks for the second attempt here at an answer. Think about it as two parts, again there is an annual incentive plan which kind of resets each year and then there is long term targets that will increase year-on-year, but do not get back to 100% pay out.  So, the annual incentive goes back to target, the long terms ones will go up next year, but they don’t go anywhere near a 100%, if they are set against our long term sales and EPS targets.
Denise Morrison: We definitely have pay for performance compensation system, and with sales goals that are higher than our guidance. I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo: Very simply on the balance sheet, you had $700 million of debt that matured in August, and I think you had capacity to refinance that with commercial paper, and I guess my question is really two-fold. First of all, would you look to refinance a portion of that in the debt capital markets to term out a portion of your floating rate debt, and in terms of capital allocation priorities, do you continue to be focused somewhat on debt reduction for FY ’15.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I can take that. In F’14 we had $700 million of long term debt maturing. We also had cash flow that enabled us to reduce our total debt levels by $300 million to $400 million. So one of them has been just paid off with cash from operations, and the other as you pointed out, refinance with commercial paper. As you know, we have pretty access to capital markets, so we are continuing to evaluate opportunities to come to market. We don’t have a specific plan to share with you today on that, but again we are looking at that pretty closely.  In terms of capital allocation priorities, not much has changed there. Obviously our first priority is to fund our ongoing business, the second would be dividends, third, M&A and the last would be share repurchases.  What’s changing in F’15 is that we are going resume in a modest fashion a return to share repurchases, get a little bit of EPS benefit in F’15, but that would be the only change for us going forward. 
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, and thanks everybody for hanging on a little extra time there. We appreciate you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. If you missed any of our calls, the replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes, simply dial 7039252533, the replay access code is 164 2451.  You have until September 22 at midnight at which point we move our earnings call to the website at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com just click on news and events then recent webcast and presentation.  If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, no catchy number just 856-342-6081. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-05-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - VP Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President and CEO Anthony DiSilvestro - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - JP Morgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Erin Lash - Morningstar Jason English - Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler - CLSA Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc 
 :
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Hello, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, our new Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. I am going to comment first on items impacting comparability in the quarter. Denise will follow me with a high level perspective on our third quarter. Anthony will wrap it up with a more detailed look at the financial and segment results as well as our guidance. After that we will take your questions. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Now for those items impacting comparability. Our discussion of the third quarter will exclude an $18 million pre-tax pension settlement charge associated with the U.S. pension plan. In fiscal 2014 we recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $14 million to streamline business operations in China. In the first quarter we recorded pre-tax restructuring charges and related cost of $23 million to streamline our salaried workforce in North America and our workforce in the Asia Pacific region and to previously announced initiatives. Our discussion of year-to-date results will exclude restructuring charges, our loss on foreign exchange forward contracts and a tax expense related to the sale of our European business in the current year. Last year we recorded $21 million of pre-tax restructuring charges and related costs in the third quarter and $48 million in the second quarter related to our U.S. supply chain structure and the manufacturing and distribution capabilities in Mexico. In the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we recorded $43 million of restructuring charges and related costs associated with the U.S. supply chain initiatives and $10 million of transaction costs associated with the Bolthouse acquisition. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules we provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials also can be found on our website accessible by computer or on your mobile device with the Campbell IR app. I’ve got one more thing if I could, we’d like to cordially invite our sale side analysts and the buy side to our Annual Investor Day at Campbell World Headquarters. This year’s event will be held in the morning of July 22nd, Tuesday and will feature presentations by Denise Morrison, Anthony DiSilvestro and several other Campbell leaders. We will unveil our innovations for the next year, outline our new beverage strategy, describe plans for soup and provide the tasty luncheon featuring Campbell products. We hope you will join us either via webcast or better yet live or at World Headquarters here in Camden, New Jersey, RSVPs are required for those attending in person. And with that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise Morrison:  Thank you, Jennifer and welcome everyone. Thanks for joining Campbell’s earnings call. Our sales results for the quarter were mixed. Sales in U.S. Simple Meals grew 7%, powered by strong topline performance in our sauce business. Plum Organics added 4 points to our sales growth in Simple Meals. Bolthouse Farms delivered 6% top-line growth over the prior year. Biscuit sales in Asia-Pacific grew, driven by double-digit growth in Indonesia. However, we did not grow our U.S. Soup business and experienced sales declines in U.S. Beverages, Pepperidge Farm, and our business in Australia. Overall, organic net sales grew 1% which was 1% below our expectations, and I am disappointed that we failed to deliver the sales growth that we anticipated in the third quarter. We believe this is in part a reflection of the persistence of an exceptionally challenging consumer environment. As many others in the industry have noted, consumers are suffering from continuing underemployment, reductions in the SNAP program and rising home, fuel, and healthcare costs. In combination, these factors are significantly affecting purchasing behavior, pressuring the performance of a number of our key customers and constraining growth across the industry, particularly in center store categories. Our adjusted EBIT increased 12% in the third quarter, reflecting lower administrative expenses, including lower incentive compensation costs and our cost reduction efforts. This was more than sufficient to offset the impact of a reduced gross margin percentage and deliver positive EBIT performance. Following our strong results in the second quarter, we reaffirmed our external guidance for the fiscal year which called for sales growth of 4% to 5%; adjusted EBIT growth of 4% to 6%; and adjusted EPS growth of 2% to 4%. As we communicated at the time, achieving this level of performance was predicated on improving our marketplace performance relative to the first half. Unfortunately, our performance in U.S. Soup did not improve in Q3, and sales of Pepperidge Farm were below expectations. Consequently, we are lowering our sales guidance for the full year to 3% growth. We are maintaining our previous full year guidance on earnings; however, we are refining our estimates to the low end of the 4% to 6% range for adjusted EBIT growth and the low end of the 2% to 4% range for adjusted EPS growth. Let me offer some perspective on our performance in the quarter. Sales in U.S. Soup were comparable to the strong year-ago quarter when sales increased by 14%. Within soup, broth sales grew 14%, but condensed soup and RTS soup posted declines. Within soup, we have been refining how we optimize all drivers of demand. In the third quarter, we redeployed funds from advertising and consumer promotion to support increased trade promotion activity. We held our promoted price points and increased promotional frequency, extending across a broader customer base. While we executed the programs effectively, the enhanced trade promotion did not yield the anticipated lift in volume. In addition to a strong promotion plan, we introduced 8 new soups in January under an accelerated timeframe, including pub inspired Chunky, Healthy Request, and Latin inspired condensed soups. On balance, they generated the sales we had anticipated. However, all of this activity did not generate the incremental sales that we had expected. Overall, dollar consumption in the U.S. soup category has declined marginally year-to-date and our share has remained relatively stable. I can assure you that we are examining the same questions that you are and we are formulating the most effective responses for next season. Within Simple Meals, we did have some bright spots. Our Broth condensed cooking soups and sauces grew nicely. The common threat with these products is that consumers are combining them with fresh ingredients to prepare home cooked meals. Prego's growth got a significant boost from our expanding line of White sauces and innovation with Red distinctive sauces, Campbell's Skillet sauces and new Slow Cooker sauces in pouch packaging have now achieved 76% ACV distribution with 60% of retailers giving this new segment a dedicated section in the store. Sales continued to build as expected for those products. Our goal remains to increase our competitiveness and profitably grow our core business. I feel that our Simple Meals business remain competitive in the third quarter despite falling short of our topline expectations in soup. Turning to Global Baking and Snacking, Pepperidge Farm sales were softer than anticipated. Goldfish crackers achieved modest sales growth of 2% boosted in part by Goldfish Puffs, which are performing well. Goldfish crackers grew sales on the back of increased promotions in a very competitive environment and gained momentum as the quarter progressed. However, we saw a significant slowdown in the overall cracker category and a decline in our adult savory crackers which impacted our overall snacks results. We have reformulated and re-launched our adult savory crackers as Pepperidge Farm Cracker Chips and expect better performance going forward. Pepperidge Farm cookies had a weaker than expected performance, also wrapping a strong year-ago quarter. Pepperidge Farm bakery grew as we maintained our shelf space and increased sales of sandwich rolls and buns. It is evident that we have held our own despite the reentry of Hostess in the marketplace. Internationally, we continue to deliver double-digit growth in Indonesia. During the quarter, we remained focused on stabilizing our Arnott's biscuit business in Australia for the long-term. The Kelsen acquisition at the start of the fiscal year has given us a growth platform for biscuits in China and Hong Kong, Kelsen is tracking with our expectations. Turning to our U.S. beverage business, we said before it wouldn't be a growth engine this year. The shelf stable beverage category continued to be pressured by competition from a growing array of package fresh and specialty juices. We were encouraged by the third quarter performance of our V8 Red 100% vegetable juice, which has now delivered sales growth for four consecutive months. Our V8 Energy during continued their strong growth trajectory, but V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash declined. In single serve, we continued to make progress in building our new national distributor network for immediate consumption channels. We plan to discuss our new strategy to revitalize U.S. Beverages at Campbell’s Investor Day in July. Bolthouse Farms is on track to deliver the second half growth that we expected. Third quarter sales of premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings grew double-digits. Bolthouse Farms is launching its spring innovation suite of 47 new products ranging from new stone fruit and root vegetable juices to delicious Greek yogurt salad dressings. We made a decision this year to make our first investments in Bolthouse Farms’ advertising, and we’re pleased with the market share volume trends and brand awareness. Our acquisition of Plum Organics enabled us to enter the fast growing organic segment of the U.S. baby food category. In the second half we expected Plum to show improvement with the full product range back in supply expanding distribution and introducing several new products, it has done so. We continue to believe that Plum is a well-positioned on-trend brand that is an excellent fit with our $1 billion portfolio of foods that appeal to children. Before I turn the call over to Anthony, I want to share a few final observations about the third quarter and our strategy. We said in the second quarter that we expected gross margin in the second half to be flat. However, in the third quarter our gross margin was negatively impacted by lower sales volume because our trade spending did not result in the expected sales increases. Finally our continuing focus on disciplined cost management is making a difference on the bottom-line as we delivered third quarter earnings growth in a very competitive environment. To sum up, we are making no excuses for our disappointing sales. We own the results. Our third quarter sales did not meet our expectations or yours. But our team remains resolutely focused on executing our dual mandate to strengthen our core business and expand in the higher growth spaces. We have no elusions about the challenges that we are facing in a tough environment we are not alone in that regard which is why we are also focused on driving growth through four bold moves, delivering breakthrough innovation, building our presence in package fresh foods, increasing availability in faster growing channels and expanding in developing markets. We believe that we have the right long-term strategy to deliver sustainable profitable net sales growth and build shareholder value. We continue to reshape Campbell to respond to the seismic shifts in our industry and meet the evolving needs of increasingly diverse consumers. We have come far since our journey began in 2011 and I look forward to sharing more details about the next steps on our strategic path at Campbell’s Investor Day on July 22nd. Thank you I look forward to answering your questions in a few minute now I would like to turn the call over to Anthony DiSilvestro our new CFO.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Good morning and thanks Denise. Before getting into the detail I wanted to give some perspective on our results and guidance. As you will see the shape of our P&L reflects a shift within our marketing programs. While total marketing which includes advertising, consumer and trade is up for both the quarter and the year we have redeployed funds from A&C to support increased trade promotions. This is reflected on the P&L as a lower gross margin percentage with a offset in lower A&C expense which we report in our marketing and selling line. The second item I want to highlight is the significant reduction in our administrative expenses. Because our fiscal 2014 results are below our expectations, we are accruing incentive compensation below targeted levels. Lower pension expense and the savings from our recent restructuring initiatives are also contributing to this decline in administrative cost. Lastly, we are reducing our guidance for sales growth. As Denise mentioned, in our U.S. Soup business, we increased our promotional activity; however, we did not realize the anticipated volume lift. Additionally in Pepperidge Farm, our volumes have been impacted by increased competitive activity in the snacks category and in response we have also increased our promotional spending. As a result of these two issues, we are lowering our expectations for full year sales growth to approximately 3%. Now, I will review our results. I will start with our third quarter results and segment highlights followed by a brief look at our year-to-date results and then wrap up with our full year guidance. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion of result will exclude items impacting comparability. For the third quarter, we reported net sales from continuing operations of $1,970 million, comparable to the year ago quarter. As Denise mentioned, we were disappointed with our sales in the quarter as U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farm sales were below our expectations. Our sales results include a 2 point contribution from Kelsen and Plum Organics acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions and the negative impact of currency, organic net sales increased by 1%, driven by gains in our U.S. Simple Meals and our Bolthouse and Foodservice segments, partly offset by decline in International Simple Meals and Beverages and in U.S. Beverages. The organic sales increase was on top of last year’s 4% gains. Adjusted EBIT increased 12% to $310 million. The increase was driven by lower administrative expenses. Lower marketing expenses offset the lower gross margin percentage which reflected higher promotional spending. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.62, a 7% increase versus the prior year, reflecting the EBIT growth partly offset by a higher tax rate. The next slide shows the composition of our sales performance. The organic sales increase of 1% reflects 2 points of favorable volume mix, and 2 points of growth from higher selling prices, partly offset by 3 points from increased promotional spending. Unfavorable currency had a 2 point impact due to the Australian and Canadian dollars weakening against the U.S. dollar, while acquisitions added 2 points. The favorable volume mix is driven by our U.S. Simple Meals and our Bolthouse and Foodservice segments. The pricing gains were primarily related to our list price increases on U.S. condensed soup and in our Global Baking and Snacking segment. The promotional spending variance was primarily related to higher rates of spending in Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 1.8 points to 220 basis points to 36%. The decline was primarily attributable to the impact of Kelsen and Plum. The combination of purchase accounting inventory step-up for Kelsen and the Plum recall had a negative impact of 1 full point. The ongoing impact on gross margin from the addition of the lower-margin Kelsen and Plum businesses is about 40 basis points. The balance of the margin reduction was largely due to negative mix. The inflation rate and cost of goods sold was about 3% for the quarter, entirely offset by productivity savings. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 1.8 points to 35.2%. Of the decline, 1.2 points came from the base business and 60 basis points was the impact of acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the decline in gross margin was primarily due to higher promotional spending, increased supply chain cost and cost inflation, partly offset by productivity improvements and higher selling prices. Our margin performance was below our expectations, reflecting the lowering than projected sales lifts from promotional spending and increased supply chain cost. In North America, cold weather was a key cost driver as it disrupted the distribution and warehousing network as well as impacting our plant performance. The rate increase in cost of goods sold was approximately 4% in the quarter including about 2 points from inflation and the balance from higher supply chain costs. This increase was partly offset by productivity savings. Looking ahead, inflation and cost of goods sold for the year continues to be estimated as 3% to 4%. Marketing and selling expenses for the quarter decreased $28 million to $217 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower A&C expenses and the negative impact of currency. Excluding acquisitions, A&C for the quarter fell 19% and was down 5% year-to-date while total marketing trade setting increased for both periods. Administrative expenses decreased $30 million to $134 million, primarily due to lower incentive compensation costs, lower pension and healthcare expenses and cost savings from recent restructuring initiatives, partly offset by the impact of acquisitions which ended approximately $6 million. Now, let's look at below the line items. For the quarter, net interest expense decreased $1 million to $30 million. The adjusted tax rate was 30.7%, a 4% increase versus the prior year. The prior year benefitted from lower taxes on foreign earnings and the favorable settlement of certain state tax matters. Reflecting the higher tax rate, adjusted earnings from continuing operations increased 7% to $195 million. Third quarter segment sales results and organic growth rates are shown on the next slide. Our U.S. Simple Meals segment delivered $672 million in sales including a $24 million contribution from the acquisition of Plum Organics. U.S. Simple Meals organic sales increased by 3%. Within this segment U.S. Soup sales were comparable to a strong prior year quarter that saw a soup sales increase by 14%. Consumer takeaway in measured channels was down 2% in the quarter. We ended the quarter with inventory levels higher than last year, due to the late holiday timing. Excluding the impact of the Plum acquisition, U.S. sauce organic sales increased by 11%. The increase was driven by gains in Prego pasta sauce which benefited from the introduction of Prego white sauces, Campbell’s dinner sauces and Pace Mexican sauces. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment delivered $564 million in sales, including a $70 million contribution from Kelsen. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year, with growth in Arnott’s offset by declines Pepperidge Farm. Sales gains in Arnott’s were driven by strong growth in Indonesia partly offset by declines in Australia from Savory and sweet varieties. The sales decline in Pepperidge Farm reflected declines in frozen products and snacks partly offset by growth in fresh bakery. Within Snacks, declines in adult cracker varieties and Pepperidge Farm cookies were partly offset by increases in Goldfish snack crackers. Our Bolthouse and Food Service segment posted $358 million in sales an increase of 4%. Sales rose 6% of Bolthouse Farms driven by double-digit gains in premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings. Organic sales in North America food service increased compared to the prior year. U.S. Beverage sales declined by 4% to $190 million. The decrease in sales was driven by declines in V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash beverages partly offset by volume gains in V8 Vegetable Juice. While sales of V8 V-Fusion declined our + Energy product has achieved significant growth. International Simple Meals and Beverages delivered $186 million in sales for the quarter. Organic sales decreased by 7%. Sales declined in Latin America, the Asia Pacific region and Canada. The sales decline in Latin America was primarily due to lower volumes and lower selling prices associated with the implementation of the new business model in Mexico. Sales in the Asia Pacific region decreased due to declines in Australia and Japan partly offset by gains in Malaysia. Sales in Canada decreased on declines in beverages partly offset by gains in both snacks and soup. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased 12% to $175 million, operating earnings increased primarily due to lower marketing and administrative expenses partly offset by a lower gross margin percentage. Operating earnings for Global Baking and Snacking decreased 7% to $68 million primarily due to Kelsen Group’s off season operating results. Excluding Kelsen operating earnings decreased slightly as lower earnings in Arnott's and the unfavorable impact of currency were partially offset by earnings growth in Pepperidge Farm. Operating earnings for U.S. beverages decreased by 12% to $29 million. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily driven by cost inflation, increased supply chain costs and higher marketing expenses partly offset by lower administrative expenses and productivity improvement. In the International Simple Meals and Beverages operating earnings were $27 million a decline of 4%. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to lower volumes partly offset by lower administrative and selling expenses. Operating earnings within Bolthouse and Foodservice declined by 15% to $23 million, the decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to cost inflation and increased promotional spending and advertising in Bolthouse Farms [partly offset] by higher volumes and lower administrative expenses. On the next slide, you can see U.S. soup sales were comparable to the prior year quarter, sales in condensed soups decreased 3%, with sales declines in eating varieties partly offset by gains in cooking soups. Lower volumes were partly offset by higher selling prices net of higher promotional spending. Ready-to-serve soup sales declined 1% with declines in both canned and microwavable varieties. Broth had a strong quarter as sales increased 14% driven by double digit volumes gains in aseptic varieties. U.S. soup sales for the first nine months decreased to 1%. The decrease reflects a 4% decline in ready-to-serve soups and a 2% decline in condensed soups partly offset by an 11% increased in Broth. Let’s take a look at U.S. wet soups category performance in the past 52 weeks and our share performance as measured by IRI. For the period ending April 27, 2014 the category as a whole declined 0.6%, [our] sales in measured channels declined 1.1% with weakness in condensed and ready-to-serve soups partly offset by strength in Broth. Campbell had nearly a 60% market share, a decrease of 30 basis points in the period. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28% with private label at 13%. For the nine months, net sales from continuing operations were $6,416 million up 1% from the prior year. These sales results include a 4-point contribution from acquisitions, which consist of Plum Organics; Kelsen, acquired on August 8; and one additional week of results from Bolthouse Farms, which closed one week into the first quarter a year ago. Excluding acquisitions and the negative impact of currency, organic net sales were comparable to the prior year. Gains in Bolthouse and Foodservice, U.S. Simple Meals and the Global Baking and Snacking segments were offset by declines in U.S. Beverages and in International Simple Meals and Beverages. Adjusted EBIT of $1,022 million was comparable to the prior year as lower administrative expenses were offset by lower gross margin percentage. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.04 were comparable to a year ago. For the first nine months, sales grew 1% with organic sales comparable to the prior year as the impact of higher selling prices was fully offset by higher promotional spending. Acquisitions added 4 points while currency subtracted 2 points. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 1.8 points to 35.6%. The decline in gross margin was primarily attributable to cost inflation, higher promotional spend, increased supply chain costs and the impact of acquisitions including the November 2013 Plum Organics recall, partly offset by productivity improvements and higher selling prices. The increase in cost of goods sold was approximately 4% for the first nine months, partly offset by productivity savings of 3%. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 1% to $746 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, the impact of currency, and lower marketing overhead expenses partly offset by the addition of acquisitions. Administrative expenses decreased $58 million to $424 million primarily due to lower incentive compensation costs, lower pension and healthcare expenses, and cost savings from recent restructuring initiatives, partly offset by the impact of acquisitions which added approximately $16 million. For the first nine months, net interest expense decreased $6 million to $89 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates on our debt portfolio. We expect to finish the year with net interest costs of about $120 million. The adjusted tax rate for the first nine months was 31.3%, a 50 basis point increase versus the prior year. The prior year benefited from the favorable settlement of certain state tax matters. We continue to expect a tax rate for fiscal 2014 of 31% to 32%. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations decreased 1% to $645 million. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.04 were comparable to the prior year. Cash flow from operations was $763 million compared with $864 million in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to lower cash earnings and the taxes paid on the divestiture of the European Simple Meals business partly offset by lower working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of $198 million decreased from $205 million a year ago. We are still expecting capital expenditures for the year to be approximately $350 million. Net debt decreased by $113 million to $3,687 million. We have revised our full year guidance for fiscal 2014. We now expect that sales from continuing operations will grow approximately 3% compared with the previous range of 4% to 5%, reflecting the recent shortfall in sales growth from U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farm. Full year growth in adjusted EBIT is expected to be at the low end of the previously forecast range of 4% to 6%. And adjusted EPS for the full year is expected to be at the low end of the previously announced guidance of 2% to 4%. Several items are worth highlighting. Fiscal 2014 comprises 53 weeks, one additional week compared to the prior year. We estimate the extra week will benefit sales growth by about 2%, EBIT growth by approximately 3% and EPS by approximately $0.08. Going the other direction, we expect currency translation will have a 2% negative impact on sales, EBIT and EPS. Next, for the full year we expect incentive compensation cost will be below target levels by approximately $40 million or $0.08 per share. As you might imagine, this will be a headwind next year along with the 53rd week. Two other items we’ve talked about are the contribution to sales from acquisitions which we continue to project at about $300 million. And in connection with the new business model in Mexico, reported sales and costs of products sold are now expected to be reduced by approximately $30 million. Thank you. Now I’ll turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Anthony. At this time, Campbell will conduct a Q&A session. We’d like to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question so we can respond to more analysts. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe - Stifel:  Hi, good morning.
Denise Morrison:  Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel:  Hi, good morning. Let me just ask you first, I guess Denise, in relation to the reduction in revenue growth for the year, it sounds like it was driven by Soup and Pepperidge and therefore, what I am getting at is, is the rush in the guidance due to the base business, or is there any change in your contribution from acquisitions that’s occurring as well to bring that revenue guidance down?
Denise Morrison:  Chris, to answer your question, there is no change in our expectations on the acquisitions. The reason why we lowered it was because two thirds of it came from the soup business and about one third from Pepperidge Farm.
Chris Growe - Stifel:  Okay. And I guess related to that, in this quarter, you had an increase in promotion and you didn’t get the response that you expected. I am just curious, is that a comment about the category or a comment about the consumer in terms of them not --somewhat not responding to the increase in promotional spending, what do you think happened there I guess is my question?
Denise Morrison:  It’s a great question, and I have actually looked at the performance of 36 Simple Meals now over the course of time. And if you look at the MULO, total refrigerated meals are up 3.3%, shelf-stable are up 0.7%, and frozen are down 0.6%. So what’s happening is the refrigerated simple meals are experiencing most of the growth, but within shelf-stable there are some categories like fresh bread and rolls, Italian and Mexican sauces, which are positive and soup is slightly declining. And so, if you look at it over the last year, the total Simple Meals category is sluggish, up 1.2%, that is still positive, so we feel like we are tracking right with the pack here, it’s just that the environment is tough.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, thank you for the time.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Chris. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Denise, I guess we weren’t modeling very much growth in soup in the quarter merely because the comp was so hard. It was a 14% comp, but it look like your business plans really did depend on a lot of volume growth on top of what last year was, a lot of volume growth. So what made you think that in this consumer environment and then in a tight inventory environment at retail, were the plans that robust that that was possible, I guess?
Denise Morrison: We got off to a to a slow start in the first quarter and we deployed extra promotional activity into the third quarter beyond what we had last year. And in addition, we introduced eight new SKUs of soup in January, which was something we don’t usually do, but we felt that they were ready and we could use the sales volume to bring us out of the first quarter slump. Quite frankly, it was -- we were happy that we at least held our own versus the 14%, and over a two-year period, we were up high-single digit in soup except that it just wasn’t enough to meet the expectations that we needed to bring the quarter end and bring our full year in on our guidance. So, that's the best explanation. Anthony you want to add..?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I would just add one point that I think is important is on soup, we held our promotional price points, and what we did is we expanded to a broader customer base, so we went to customers this year that we didn't promote with in the third quarter last year, which gave us some confidence that we thought would get a volume lift.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So more customers got the deals, I got it. Any implications for pricing for next year, I know that some of your commodities are up, have you announced any pricing for soup?
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, we haven't announced any pricing for soup.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
Denise Morrison: Hi Eric.
Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess, Denise I want to focus in on the Global Snacking and Baking area. I looked back and I had to go back to, I think 2009 to see a quarterly profit that was this week in between Arnott's and Pepperidge. I know that both of those businesses especially on the cracker side at Pepperidge and the core Arnott's business are very, very profitable. So, I'm really worried that those businesses are starting to roll over at the same time that you have continued to have challenges in other areas. I mean why should not we be particularly concerned of what do you see is the problem for Pepperidge, and how can we have faith that that business isn’t going to be drag versus competition, but maybe better or stronger competition in coming quarters?
Denise Morrison: First let me address Pepperidge Farm. In Pepperidge Farm, we had positive profits and the profits are actually pretty robust. The two portions of the business that had sales decline were adult savory crackers and frozen, which are actually a small portion of the business. In addition, the Goldfish, we had a price increase on Goldfish last year and we've found that given the competitive environment we had to promote that product more in the third quarter. We did see with improving as the quarter went on. So we do believe that Pepperidge Farm still a great business and really good shape. When it comes to Arnott's, we've been dealing with a very tough retailer environment in Australia and we have had to invest in that business to stabilize it and return advertising to our core brands like Tim Tam, Shapes and real stock. So we have had cost that hits in Australia, we recognize that. And but we believe that getting that business back to stability is important, it’s an important business for us. These are great brands and they have great expansion possibilities as demonstrated by our double-digit growth in Indonesia. So I hope that answers your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Well I will pass it on. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll:  Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison:  Good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Good morning.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Denise or Anthony, you're in obviously in the midst of integrating a number of acquisitions rate now but given that the M&A environment seems to be heating up a bit. Just want to revisit where you see yourself in this process of portfolio transformation? How you’d assess the landscape right now and how you would balance that with addressing some of the base business issues, and to the base business trends having been below your expectations year-to-date reinforce the urgency of needing to evolve the portfolio faster?
Denise Morrison: Well, we’ve always held ourselves to a standard since the very beginning of strengthening our core business, while we expand into faster growing spaces. And we will continue to do both of those. We have been making plans and investments in our core business and these three acquisitions that we made have been very, very good for our portfolio and yes we will continue to look for other acquisitions with smart external development that make good strategic sense.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you Denise.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll - Citi: Great, thank you. Good morning.
Denise Morrison: Good morning.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Good morning.
David Driscoll - Citi: Anthony I just want to make sure I’ve heard something right, it’s a clarification, on the admin expense line I think you just quantified that incentive compensation for the full year was down about $0.08 or $40 million, first off did I get that right?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. What I said is our incentive compensation relative to targeted levels is $0.08 favorable.
David Driscoll - Citi: That’s what I meant but that was much better said, so thank you. And then the big question then is on 2015 you’re saying that got to get restored and so that something like a three percentage point headwind and then from the 53rd week itself there is another I think like two percentage point headwind. So kind of out of the gate with no other information there is sort of a 5 percentage point headwind against [F ‘15] numbers that we can state is there today, is that fair and accurate?
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Well actually, it’s 1 point worse than you stated, it’s EBIT at 3 point for each of them.
David Driscoll - Citi:  Okay.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Because as I said, 53rd week is 2 points at sales and 3 points at EBIT. I mean going the other way, we’ve got a couple of things, so we are wrapping the Plum Organics to recall and we’re wrapping a very disruptive winter. We know we have some challenges next year. We’re working through our plans now in terms of operating plans for next year to see where we come at.
David Driscoll - Citi: Okay, thank you for that. It seems the implications are clear on that issue. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll:  You are welcome. Next question please?
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan:  Hi, can you hear me?
Jennifer Driscoll:  Yes, hi Ken.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan:  Okay. Hi guys. One really quick one, then my question, first how much does 4Q guidance incorporate an expectation of an inventory draw down? And then my longer question, can you update us on your expectations for the California drought for fiscal ‘15? I know you won’t give specific guidance there but any directional help or thoughts on the situation given how poor it is right might useful. Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  I can take the first, inventory part of that. We did end the quarter about $25 million up versus a year ago on soup inventories. It’s hard to predict exactly what is going to come out as we launch into next year but our forecast for the fourth quarter does assume the majority of that inventory comes out.
Denise Morrison:  Okay. And regarding the drought, we have held our own pretty much during this drought. Our Bolthouse Farms carrot business resides in fields with aquifers and they have been growing also in Northern California and some other regions to take some of the pressure off. So they have been doing well despite the situation. We are expecting some increases in tomato prices as a result of the drought but that is been incorporated in our planning.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys.
Denise Morrison: Good morning.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: If you were to separate your business drivers and controllables like your marketing and innovation, and the factors outside your control in fiscal ‘14 like the consumer environment, whether disruption, and even factors like the competition you are seeing in healthy snacking, do you see the net impact of the uncontrollables in fiscal ‘14 as perhaps unusual as a way -- in a way that creates easy or difficult comparison as we think about fiscal ‘15?
Denise Morrison: The only thing that I can say is that we were -- the sales were below our expectation by about a percentage point. Some of that was controllable and that the promotions didn’t get the lift that we wanted. But then you could argue that one of the reasons why we didn’t get the lifts because of a harsher environment and a more cautious consumer. So I am not sure how to accurately piece that out.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think there is a couple of things to point out; obviously one, we wrapping the Plum issue, so that obviously is a non-controllable that will go away; we expect improved performance in Pepperidge Farm. Denise mentioned, we got a two parts of that business that are hurting this year which are small portion that’s adult savory cracker business and the frozen business. And I think more fundamentally and we’ve talked about the need to improve our performance in U.S. Beverages and in Arnott’s which have been a drag on the portfolio of this year and we need to turn that around.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning everyone.
Denise Morrison: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. There was some data around [share trends] in U.S. soup suggesting that over the last year you have been losing out? Who is to losing share to, is it your chief competitor or is it other niche brand that’s clearly not private label? And what do you think you might need to do differently to address that? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: There has been, if you look at there has been some share gains by some of the niche brands. And I think if you look as to why that is, there are some pockets of growth within the category around things like organic, and health and wellness attributes. And obviously we're looking at those things. We've got a pretty robust plan for soup for next year and some exciting things going on. And we plan to share that more fully with you at our Investor Day in July.
Denise Morrison: When you look at share of Simple Meals, we definitely are holding our own against other peers in the [south] or at least -- so even though Simple Meals is only up slightly, we have maintained our share of that.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Lash with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: Thank you for taking my question.
Denise Morrison: You're welcome.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: I wanted some additional detail, I’m hoping you could give some additional details regarding the new products that you’ve been bringing to market and how those are either resonating relative to plan and what potentially you can do differently if you can address that? I know this is something you are going to talk about at the Analyst Day, but any additional insight you might have would be helpful.
Denise Morrison: Okay. I think that we’ve had some really good performance from our new dinner sauce products. We started building a new platform, which was completely disruptive with our first execution of Skillet Sauces last year, we added new Slow Cooker Sauces to that and then next year, we're adding new Oven Sauces. And we've been successful in getting a destination set in the stores to give the consumer a specific place to shop for these sauces. I think one of the reasons why they're doing well is because obviously they're consumed with meat and fresh food and so refining a lot of home preparation these days. So those have done very well. Goldfish Puffs have done really well and are meeting our expectations. Not so well are the where the Pepperidge Farm Cracker Chips and Jingos, which is one of the things that we're cycling in that business this year, but we have reformulated the cracker chips and have better expectations for those going forward.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: What about within soups specifically?
Denise Morrison:  In soups, yes most of the innovation has been sustaining innovation; the new Plum inspired Chunky soups are doing really well, the broth is doing phenomenal where we've moved from just chicken, beef and vegetable into more flavor, flavorful broths with recipes to go along with that. So and then the new eight SKUs that we introduced in January or performing as expected.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: Thank you. That's helpful.
Jennifer Driscoll:  You're welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Hey. Good morning folks. Thanks for taking the question. Denise, a high level, you’re reallocating money into trade promo, auto marketing, you’re not alone; the entire industry has been moving this way over the last few years. And as we do this, we just see promotional efficacy continue to step lower and lower and lower. We’re not really dealing with expandable consumption categories here. So, at what point do we say enough is enough; quit trying to throw money at this? And is there a path on the horizon to actually get this money back out? It’s a lot easier to pour money into trade; it’s a lot harder to retract it once retailers have their hands on it.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We are continuing to work with all of the levers of drivers of demand which vary by business. And we are working as well with customers for more trade promotion effectiveness. And our business leaders need to be flexible to make course corrections along the way both to capitalize on opportunities or meet competition. And in several of these categories we’ve seen a ramp up of competition. What we’ve tried to do is increase our frequency, not go into deep discounting.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Going back on a couple more tactical themes, Arnott’s; it was my view coming to this year that this should be a year of profit recovery as you implement the automation and your manufacturing network in the market. Based on results, it looks like all those savings are -- in summer being ploughed back into the market. Is that indeed the case?
Anthony DiSilvestro: That’s primarily the case but one point I would add, we experienced some delays in achieving those savings, so we didn’t get the full amount of savings in the year so that should help us going into next year.
Denise Morrison: And I think the other thing I would add is we’ve completely changed the team in Australia and they have a new plan that they’re implementing which has caused calling for investment particularly in the power brands and we believe that’s the right thing to do for that business right now.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Makes sense and last one and I will pass it on. Encouraging to see North America food service volume return to growth I know you brought on some new capacity, new technology for you late last year, is much of that been deployed yet?
Anthony DiSilvestro:  I would say some of it’s been deployed, the major driver of the improvement in North America Food Service is actually been our traditional up and down the street food service business.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay thanks a lot guys, I will pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll:  Okay, next question please.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - CLSA:  Good morning.
Denise Morrison:  Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - CLSA:  Hey I wanted to sort of follow on Eric’s question earlier about the baking, just more broadly could you talk a little bit about your viewpoint on snacking? It seems like Pepperidge Farm is one of those brands where you would think it was strong enough to sort of carry a volume lift and yet you continue to see sort of a move away from sort of grain based products due to shifts in your consumer diet, so could a little bit more broadly about snacking and sort of carbs versus protein and what you are seeing with the consumer base please? Thank you.
Denise Morrison:  I mean there is no question that within snacking we have seen and I am talking about macro snacking, we have seen brands in the [better for you] space gaining traction, one of the reasons why we introduced Goldfish puffs in addition to attracting teens and twins into the Goldfish franchise was that we were able to make that product free. So, we are participating in that macro snacking at this point. I do believe though that our cookie business and our Pepperidge Farm cracker business particularly Goldfish do have a nice loyal consumer base and we will continue to innovate in that space as well. So, our model is to give consumers choices depending upon what they are seeking to buy.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay, all right, thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: And our last question will be from Akshay I think.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Perfect. So one quick one on the financials, just can you update us on your gross margin expectation now? I know you have come in below what you were projecting at the beginning of the year. Can you help us with the drivers of that? It seems like promotional costs and volumes have come in sort of lower than expected, but maybe give us a sense of where the commodity outlook is and if it has changed. And then more importantly just on Bolthouse, you did see 6% growth but my expectation there is that longer term that’s 8% to 10% top line grower and margins should be expanding. So, can you help us just understand the performance this quarter, especially at the margin level on Bolthouse that came in, well below what I was expecting? Thanks.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So I’ll make a couple of comments on your gross margin more about where we have been then the outlook for next year. But in terms of this year, we expect cost inflation, the rate to go up about 3% to 4%; inside of that ingredients, packaging and energy inflation running about 2% to 3% and then you need to add a point for the supply chain issues that I’ve mentioned earlier. If you step back and look at the base business, our gross margin declined. As I said in my comments 60 basis points of that is the impact of the acquisitions and 1 point, 2 points is the base business. You are right, promotional variance is a significant factor in that in addition to the inflation that I talked about. We've increased our promotional spending in our Baking and Snacking business and in U.S. Soup. And we've also increased trade promotion in Bolthouse Farms, which is one of the reasons you are seeing a lower gross margin or a lower margin in Bolthouse because in addition to the advertising spend to build the brand awareness, the competitiveness in that category has intensified of late and then we have increased our trade spending in response. We don't expect it to be an ongoing issue, but it did impact the third quarter, both the top-line and the bottom-line for Bolthouse.
Denise Morrison: And Bolthouse year-to-date is up about 7% and the beverages and salad dressings are up double digits, both in sales and also in consumption and the carrots are low single digits.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Perfect. Thank you
Jennifer Driscoll: You're welcome. Thanks everybody for participating in our third quarter earnings call and webcast. If you missed any of the call, the replay will be available about 2 hours after our call concludes. You may call 703-925-2533 for that country code +1. The replay access code is 1635565. You have until June 2, 2014 at midnight, at which point, we will move our earnings call to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News & Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts & Presentations. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. This concludes today's program. We hope to see you at our Investor Day in July. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-02-14 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President, Investor Relations Denise Morrison - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Craig Owens - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc David Driscoll - Citi Research Alexia Howard - Bernstein Thilo Wrede - Jefferies Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup second quarter 2014 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to the Campbell Soup Company's second quarter earnings call and webcast. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO, Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. I am going to comment first on some very exciting items impacting comparability in the quarter. Denise will follow me with a high level her perspective on our second quarter and first-half. Craig will wrap it up with a more detailed look at the financial and segment results. After that we will take your questions. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. They reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. Our forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, Campbell and a joint venture partner agreed to restructure manufacturing and streamline operations in China. We recorded pretax restructuring charges of $13 million related to this initiative. In the first quarter, we recorded pretax restructuring charges and related costs of $23 million associate with initiatives to streamline our salaried workforce in North America and in Asia-Pacific and the previously announced initiative. We recorded a loss of $9 million on foreign exchange forward contracts used to hedge the proceeds from the sale of our European Simple Meals business. In addition, we recorded tax expense of $7 million associated with that sale. Last year in the second quarter we recorded a pretax restructuring charge and related costs of $48 million related to our U.S. supply chain in Mexico. In the first quarter we recorded $10 million in transaction cost to Bolthouse and $43 million in restructuring charges and related costs related to U.S. supply chain initiatives. Since our presentation today includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we have provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials also can be found on our website accessible by computer or any mobile device with the Campbell IR app. As Denise will touch on later too, Campbell recently announced a CFO transition. Craig Owens, CFO since October 2008 will be retiring on May 1, 2014. He has been not only a strong and respected CFO but also an outstanding mentor to me and many others here at Campbell. On behalf of all of us who have had the privilege to work with the master Craig, I would like to thank you for that. So we are delighted to add that Anthony DiSilvestro is being promoted to CFO. He will be providing the financials perspective at the Consumer Analyst Group of New York conference, CAGNY, in Florida on February 19 with Craig, Denise and I attending as well. We invite interested shareholders, investors, members of the media and consumers to listen to and view our investor presentation at CAGNY which will be videocast live, it is actually videocast at 10:30 AM Eastern from Boca Raton. A replay of the video and copies of materials will be available afterwards on Campbell's website archives. With that, let me turn it over to Denise Morrison.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer and good morning to everyone. Thanks for joining Campbell's second quarter earnings call. I would like to cover three topics this morning. I will share my perspective on our second quarter and first-half results, update you on the unusual factors that negatively impacted our first quarter and how those played out in the second quarter and discuss our plans to drive stronger growth in the second-half to deliver our full-year guidance. Craig will then provide details on our segment results. Despite facing headwinds from a weaker retail and consumer environment, we continue to reshape our company for longer-term higher growth while at the same time balancing short-term deliverables. In the second quarter, we delivered growth of 6% in reported net sales, 15% in adjusted EBIT and 19% in adjusted EPS from continuing operations which increased to $0.76. Clearly we have made progress from our disappointing start in the first quarter. Our improved results were driven by growth in our core business and from acquisitions. We delivered 3% organic sales growth in our core business led by higher sales in U.S. Simple Meals Pepperidge Farm and Bolthouse Farms. Acquisitions also contributed to our growth, led by Kelsen, which we acquired in the first quarter to give us a growth platform in China and other developing markets. Kelsen was the main catalyst of our 14% growth in global baking and snacking and contributed to the higher operating earnings. We had a strong holiday season in U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farm but January was weaker than expected. During the quarter we also closed the sale of our European Simple Meals business. Let me take you through the four factors that negatively impacted our first quarter performance and explain how those factors played out this quarter. As we said in November, those Q1 drivers were movements in inventory levels by U.S. retailers and program timing, weakness in our core business trends, our decision to frontload marketing spending in Q1 to support new products in Soup and Simple Meals and build the Bolthouse Farms brand and our voluntary recall of a range of Plum Organics products. We said in November that we expected a positive impact on second quarter results as some of these drivers reversed. This in fact happens. Looking first at inventory movements. Our U.S. Soup business benefited from positive retailer inventory movements in the second quarter as we anticipated. That, with the change from Q1, grew retailer inventory declines and higher levels coming into the year combined with later holiday timing, hurt our Q1 results especially in Soup. Reflecting the reversal in inventory pressures, U.S. Soup shipments increased in the second quarter driving 5% sales growth. The late timing of the Thanksgiving holiday season also helped U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farm as it pushed shipments into the second quarter as we expected. We had strong sales and consumption during the holiday season and well executed holiday programs. For the quarter, sales of Campbell's condensed cooking soups grew double digits and Swanson broth was on fire up 21%. We also grew sales of Pepperidge Farm bread and stuffing. Let's look more closely at the second factor that we discussed back in November. Our core business trends. In the second quarter our core business performance improved especially in U.S. Simple Meals which delivered 7% growth in sales and 12% growth in earnings. This performance reflected growth in Soup, the acquisition of Plum Organics and higher sales of sauces including our new innovation with Prego white sauces and Campbell's dinner sauces. As we said in November we begin the fiscal year with the soup promotion plan that was more heavily weighted to the second and third quarters. Despite strong holiday consumption, we didn't get the overall lift in soup that we had anticipated in the quarter from the balance of promotions. This caused soup shipments in the quarter to be ahead of consumption which was down more than a point for the quarter. As a result we ended the second quarter with inventory levels that were elevated from the year earlier quarter. So while we delivered on some soup sales, we are far from satisfied with the category consumption and our consumption performance. Accordingly we have more aggressive plans in the second-half as I will explain in a few minutes. Turning to Pepperidge Farm. We delivered 5% growth in Goldfish in the second quarter including crackers and our new Goldfish Puffs. Sales of Pepperidge Farm cookies increased with growth in Dessert Shop cookies. Fresh bakery delivered solid performance as the business continues to innovate and leverage our shelf space gains. Sales in Bolthouse Farms increased 6% with double digit growth in its premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings. Bolthouse Farms continues to launch innovative new beverage products supported by increased merchandising. We continue to increase beverage assortment in the retail perimeter while we are still expanding points of distribution for salad dressings. Our core U.S. beverage business and our business in Australia continue to face challenges. We told you previously that we don't expect U.S. beverages and our Australian business to be growth drivers this year and that hasn't changed. But we have taken several important steps in recent months to change the leadership in both of these businesses and build a stronger foundation for future growth. In U.S. beverages, the second quarter sales decline was largely driven by our planned transition from the Coke distribution system for our single-serve V8 beverages. Our five-year distribution agreement with Coke concluded on December 31, after both companies elected not to renew the agreement for strategic reasons. We have established a new national distributor network for immediate consumption supported by a new sales team. We started shipping in January to our new distributors who are energized and focused on driving growth. Over time, we see immediate consumption as a significant opportunity for expansion for both V8 and Bolthouse Farms. In our V8 business overall, we are seeing improved trends in our V8 100% vegetable juice and continued growth in V8 V-Fusion + Energy. In Australia we brought in new leadership, developed a more focused plan for our core biscuit business and implemented initiatives to drive productivity in that market. Restoring growth in this important business is a work in progress that will take time. The third factor recited was frontloaded marketing to support new products. We told you in the first quarter that our advertising and consumer spend increased 14% to support new products like Campbell's Homestyle soup and Campbell's dinner sauces. In Q1 we also made our first brand building investment behind Bolthouse Farms. We knew these upfront marketing investments would negatively impact earnings in the first quarter but our decision has helped to accelerate these brands. Looking at our marketing spend in the second quarter, advertising and consumer promotion for the total company increased 3% including acquisitions. We are delivering solid performance in Campbell's Skillet sauces and Slow Cooker sauces. Our dinner sauces are delivering incremental sales in this new category. We are steadily building trial with very good repeat purchase rates in consumer groups including both younger and more affluent consumers. Campbell's Homestyle ready-to-serve soup continues to expand distribution and improve velocity. Homestyle was introduced following the discontinuation of our 100% natural RTS. This transition narrowed our shelf presence because Homestyle was launched with fewer items. Going forward we expect to gain back shelf space as we build out the line and introduce new products in the back-half. The marketing investments behind Bolthouse Farms are raising consumer awareness of this wonderful brand as we aim to expand its position in the $12 billion packaged fresh category. We were pleased with Bolthouse Farms' solid performance in the second quarter across all of its segments. The final driver we discussed in November was the voluntary recall of some Plum Organic products. In the first quarter the company recognized $16 million in cost associated with the recall. We moved quickly in the second quarter to address the manufacturing defect that led to that recall. The acquisition of Plum which we completed last June contributed half of our 16% growth in U.S. sauces in the second quarter. We believe that Plum, which we will continue to integrate, is well positioned for a more significant sales contribution in the second-half. So to briefly summarize, the first quarter inventory headwind reversed much as we anticipated. The Plum recall is behind us. We feel good that we will obtain a return on the step that advertising. Our core business however remains a bit behind our expectations for the first-half of the year for the reasons I just enumerated. So looking at the first-half, it was a tale of two cities. We got off to a slow start but recovered in the second quarter as we said we would. In the first-half, net sales from continuing operations increased 2%, adjusted EBIT declined 5% and adjusted EPS decreased 4%. While we made substantial progress in the second quarter, we didn't expect to make up all the growth that we lost in the first quarter. We recognize that we must deliver strong results in the second-half to achieve our full-year guidance. In the second-half, we expect to grow organic sales by around 2% and acquisitions should contribute about 3% to our sales growth. For the full-year, the extra week in the fiscal year will largely be offset by currency. So how are we can deliver this growth? Let me start by giving some highlights of our plans in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals. We expect U.S. Soup to deliver modest growth in the second-half of the year. We have a strong promotional calendar in the third quarter and marketing in place to drive soup consumption in the back-half of the year. We also expect our U.S. soup business to benefit from eight new soups that we launched in January under an accelerated timeframe. These include our first Latin inspired cooking soups, new pub inspired varieties of Campbell's chunky soup and new Healthy Request varieties. By comparison we didn't launch any new soups in the second-half last year. In Broth, we expect to drive continued growth in Swanson with strong Easter programs. Importantly, we expect other businesses to contribute more significantly to growth in the second-half while soup does its part. In Simple Meals, we will continue to build momentum in Campbell dinner sauces. We have already created separate shell sections for this new category in approximately 50% of the ACV. We aim to drive continued growth in Prego with more advertising in new products including expanded presence in white sauces, a space we weren't competing in a year ago. And we expect Plum Organics to show improvement from the first-half with the full product range back in supply, expanded distribution and several new products. In Global Baking and Snacking we expect Pepperidge Farm to deliver stronger growth in snacks in the second-half. We have plans to drive Goldfish with aggressive promotional activity, increased customer supported merchandising and accelerated channel expansion. Pepperidge Farm will increase innovation with new varieties and types of Goldfish, the national rollout of Goldfish mac and cheese and further expansion of Goldfish Puffs. We will continue to expand Dessert Shop cookies with new varieties and we will launch coffee shop cookies indulgent morning offerings. Internationally we expect to deliver double-digit growth in sweet biscuits in Indonesia and we are focused on marketing Tim Tam, Shapes and Arnott's sweet biscuits in Australia with increased advertising and consumer promotion and strong customer programs. After delivering solid second quarter results, we expect a strong second-half from Bolthouse Farms. We have one of the most exciting spring innovation line-ups in Bolthouse's history with marketing support and plans to launch a number of new beverages and delicious salad dressings. Although U.S. beverages won't be a growth engine, we do expect to see improved sales and immediate consumption channels over time as we fully develop our new national distributor network which has been established and is operative. We are also expanding V8 V-Fusion refreshers and we expect continued growth in energy drinks which are performing very well. Across our portfolio, we will be intensely focused on driving productivity and managing expense in our global supply chain. We expect to deliver improved gross margin trends in the second-half and Craig will discuss why we expect profits to be better. For the full-year, we continue to expect to deliver net sales growth of 4% to 5%, adjusted EBIT growth of 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 2% to 4%. We know it will require strong execution against the drivers of demand. We know it will demand operating discipline and we know that we must have a resolute focus on accelerating stronger, profitable growth across our core business while we continue to integrate our acquisitions. We don't expect to get everything back in the third quarter. It will take a strong fourth quarter performance as well. We are in the midst of a turbulent period. Retailers are wrestling with challenged consumers who remain under pressure and consumer behavior is becoming less predictable. We believe the weakness that Campbell and other food companies experienced in January was partially related to the extreme weather conditions which dealt a blow to the U.S. economy. We expect to be competing in a more typical environment over the remainder of the year. Obviously if the environment is significantly worse than we expect, then it will be tougher to reach our guidance. In summary we are optimistic about our plans for the second-half of the year and believe that with solid execution our full-year guidance is both reasonable and attainable. Before I turn the call over to Craig Owens, I also want to thank him for his contribution to Campbell over the past five years. As we recently announced, Craig will retire from Campbell on May 1. This will be his last earnings call with us. And Craig has done an outstanding job as our CFO and Chief Administrative Officer. With his integrity, insights and expertise, he has earned the admiration and trust of our leadership team and the investment community. He will be greatly missed by all. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Owens: Well, thanks, Denise. It's really been my pleasure to work with Campbell's and to be a part of your management team. I feel really good about where Campbell is and where it's going and I am particularly happy that Anthony is going to be our next CFO, but I am not quite done yet so let's get back to work. Let me walk through the second quarter results, segment highlights and then a brief outlook with respect to our earnings guidance. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion of results will exclude the impact of restructuring charges in both the current and prior year quarters, as well as the acquisition transaction costs of the prior-year. I will also exclude a loss on foreign exchange forward contracts and a tax expense related to the sale of our European business that were both recorded in continuing operations in the first quarter. On October 28, 2013 which was the first of second quarter, the company completed the divestiture of our Simple Meals business in Europe. This business is reported in discontinued operations. In the quarter, the company recognized a net gain of $90 million after tax or $0.28 per share from that sale. So for continuing operations, we reported second quarter net sales of $2.3 billion, a 6% increase from the prior year. These results include a five point contribution from our Kelsen and Plum Organics acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions as well as the negative impact of currency, organic net sales increased by 3% primarily driven by gains in U.S. Simple Meals. Organic sales also rose in our Global Baking and Snacking, Bolthouse and Foodservice and International Simple Meals and Beverage segments, while the U.S. Beverage sales declined for the quarter. Adjusted EBIT increased 15% to $374 million, which includes a three point contribution from the Kelsen and Plum acquisitions. The balance of the increase was driven by lower administrative expense, higher organic sales and lower marketing expense, partly offset by a lower gross margin percentage. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.76, a 19% increase versus the prior-year driven by the EBIT increased and also benefiting from a favorable tax rate. Slide 24 shows the composition of the 6% sales growth. The organic sales increase of three points reflects two points of favorable volume and mix and two points of growth from higher selling expense, partly offset by one point of increased promotional spending. Unfavorable currency had a two point impact due to the Australian and Canadian dollar weakening against the U.S. dollar. The favorable volume mix is driven by our U.S. Simple Meals segment. The pricing gains were primarily related to the list price increase on U.S. condensed soup and price increases in our Baking and Snacking segment .These increases were partly offset by pricing declines in Mexico based on the new distribution model. The promotional spending variance was primarily related to higher rates of spending in Global Baking and Snacking and in U.S. Simple Meals. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 140 basis points to 35.7%. The decline in gross margin was primarily due to cost inflation, supply chain related costs including project expenses, weather related costs and higher warehousing and transportation expense and unfavorable mix partly offset by productivity improvements and higher selling prices. The ate increase in cost of goods sold was approximately 5% in the quarter, including two to three points from inflation and the balance from the supply chain cost that I cited above. This increase was partly offset by productivity savings. The increase in the cost of goods sold rate for the year is now estimated at 3% to 4% with inflation in materials, energy and labor at around to 2% to 3% and our expectation for productivity gains remains at approximately 3%. Marketing and selling expense for the quarter decreased by $7 million to $268 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower marketing overhead expense, lower advertising and consumer promotional expenses and reduced selling expense of the negative impact of currency partly offset by the addition of Kelsen and Plum Organics. Excluding acquisitions, A&C for the quarter fell by 7% and is up 2% year-to-date as we frontloaded marketing to support new product launches. Administrative expense decreased $21 million to $142 million primarily due to lower incentive compensation cost, lower pension expense and cost savings from recent restructuring initiatives, partly offset by the impact of acquisitions which added approximately $7 million. For the quarter, net interest expense decreased by $2 million to $29 million. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 31%, a 170 basis point decrease versus the prior year. This was primarily due to lower taxes on foreign earnings in the current quarter. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations increased 19% to $240 million. The share count was unchanged versus the prior-year. Second quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on slide 27. Our U.S. Simple Meals segment delivered $894 million in sales including a $17 million contribution from the acquisition of Plum. U.S. Simple Meals organic sales increased by 5%. Within the segment, U.S. Soup sales also increased by 5% benefiting from the movements in retailer inventory levels. As we reported with our Q1 results, retailers entered the second quarter with lower inventories than prior-year. They exited the quarter with inventory somewhat higher than prior-year. Consumer takeaway in measured channels was down 1% for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Plum acquisition, U.S. Sauce sales increased by 8%. The increase was driven by gains in Prego pasta sauce including its new white sauces, the new Campbell's Slow Cooker sauce and Campbell's Skillet sauces. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment delivered $639 million in sales including a $92 million contribution from Kelsen. Organic sales increased 2% versus the prior year with growth in Pepperidge Farm in Indonesia partly offset by declines in Arnott's in Australia. The sales gains in Pepperidge Farm reflected growth across fresh bakery and snacks. In the bakery business, sandwich breads and rolls posted strong gains even as most of its brands have been reintroduced in to the market. Sales in stuffing also increased for the quarter partially due to the timing of the Thanksgiving holiday. The Snacks business had another quarter of growth with increases in Goldfish snack crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies partly offset by declines in adult cracker varieties. Sales at Arnott's decreased due to declines in Australia in both chocolate and savory varieties partly offset by strong growth in Indonesia. Our Bolthouse Farms and Foodservice segment posted $359 million sales number, an increase of 2%. Sales rose 6% at Bolthouse driven by double-digit growth in premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings and single-digit growth in carrot business. Sales declined in the North America Foodservice segment principally in soup. For the first-half, Bolthouse generated $392 million in sales. International Simple Meals and Beverages delivered $213 million in sales for the quarter. Organic sales increased by 1%. Sales gains in the Asia-Pacific region were partly offset by declines in Latin America. Sales in Canada were comparable to a year ago, as gains in snacks and soup were offset by declines in beverages. The sales decline in Latin America was due to the lower selling prices associated with the implementation of a new business model in Mexico. Sales in Asia-Pacific increased due to gains in Malaysia and Japan. U.S. Beverage sales declined by 3% to $176 million. The decrease in sales was driven by declines across the portfolio primarily due to the impact of the transition to a new distribution network in single-serve, immediate consumption channels. In take-home channels, we saw positive trends for V8 Red and for Splash beverages. Operating earnings for the U.S. Simple Meals segment increased 12% to $214 million. Operating earnings increased primarily due to productivity improvements, higher selling prices and lower marketing expense, partly offset by cost inflation and supply chain related costs. Operating earnings for Global Baking and Snacking increased 19% to $88 million. The increase was primarily driven by the acquisition of Kelsen, higher selling prices and productivity improvements, partially offset by cost inflation and higher promotional spending. The operating expense increase reflected Kelsen's operating results and growth in Pepperidge Farm, partly offset by lower earnings in Arnott's. Kelsen's popularity during the holiday season in Asia skews its profitability heavily to the second quarter. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, operating earnings were $38 million, an increase of 15%. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to higher volume, lower selling and administrative cost and productivity improvements, partially offset by lower selling prices and the unfavorable impact of currency. Operating earnings within Bolthouse and Foodservice rose by 20% to $36 million, primarily due to reduced administrative expense and productivity improvements, partially offset by cost inflation. For the first-half, Bolthouse Farms generated $32 million in EBIT. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 16% to $31 million. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily driven by cost of goods. On slide 30, you can see U.S. Soup sales increased 5%, led by broth. As expected, the year's program timing and the late Thanksgiving holiday had a very positive impact on second quarter sales. Sales of condensed soup increased 4%, driven by double-digit gains in cooking varieties. Sales of eating varieties were comparable to the year ago quarter. Higher net pricing was partially offset by lower volumes. Ready-to-serve soup sales were comparable to a year ago as gains in Chunky and Homestyle can soups were offset by declines in microwavable soup varieties. Broth sales increased by 21% driven by double-digit volume gains in aseptic and canned broth. U.S. Soup sales for the first-half decreased by 1%. The decrease was due to a 5% decline in ready-to-serve soup and a 1% decrease in condensed soup. Broth increased by 10% for the half. On slide 31, we look at the U.S. wet soup category for the 52 weeks ended January 26, 2014 and in our share performance. The category as a whole rose 1.6%. Our sales in measured channels rose 1.9% with gains driven by ready-to-serve soup and broth. Condensed soup sales were comparable to the prior year. Campbell had a 59.4% market share, an increase of 20 basis points, for the year. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28% and private label was at 13%. These figures were sourced from SymphonyIRI multi-outlet data and are based on dollar sales. Our second quarter results represent a sharp improvement from the first quarter. Our position at the end of the first-half is entirely consistent with the guidance expectation we set when we reported the first quarter. For the first-half, net sales from continuing operations were $4.4 billion, a 2% increase from the prior year. These results include a four point contribution from acquisitions, which consist of Plum Organics and Kelsen, which was acquired on August 8 and one additional week of results from Bolthouse Farms, which was acquired one week into the first quarter a year ago. Excluding acquisitions and the negative impact of currency, organic net sales decreased by 1%, driven by declines in U.S. Beverages and International Simple Meals and Beverages, partly offset by gains in Global Baking and Snacking. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year in our U.S. Simple Meals and Bolthouse and Foodservice segments. Adjusted EBIT decreased 5% to $711 million, primarily due to a lower gross margin percentage, lower organic sales and expenses related to the Plum Organics recall, partly offset by lower administrative expense. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.42, a 4% decrease versus the prior year, driven by the EBIT decline partly offset by the lower adjusted tax rate. The composition of the 2% sales increase includes an organic sales decrease of one point, unfavorable currency of two points and an acquisition contribution of four points. The detail doesn't add because of the rounding. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 180 basis points to 35.8%. The decline in gross margin was primarily attributable to cost inflation and supply chain related cost, the impact of acquisitions and the Plum recall, partly offset by productivity improvements. Marketing and selling expenses increased $18 million to $529 million. The increase was primarily driven by the addition of acquisitions and higher advertising and consumer promotion expense partly offset by the impact of currency and lower marketing overhead expense. Administrative expenses decreased $28 million to $290 million, primarily due to lower incentive compensation cost, lower pension expense and cost savings from recent restructuring initiatives, partly offset by the impact of acquisitions which added about $10 million. For the first-half, net interest expense decreased by $5 million to $59 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower average interest rates on our total debt portfolio and benefits from the proceeds from the sale of our European Simple Meals business partly offset by debt incurred to fund the Kelsen and Plum acquisitions. The adjusted tax rate for the first-half was 31.6%, a 70 basis point decrease versus the prior year, primarily due to lower taxes on foreign earnings in 2014. This was partially offset by a favorable settlement of the state tax matter in 2013. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations decreased by 4% to $449 million and adjusted earnings per share from continuing ops decreased to $1.42 for the first-half. Cash flow from operations was $363 million, compared with $499 million in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to taxes paid on the divestiture of the European Simple Meals business and lower cash earnings in fiscal 2014. Capital expenditure of $127 million rose from $110 million a year ago. We are still expecting capital expenditures for the year to be about $350 million. As we previously announced, we suspended the strategic share repurchase program at the end of fiscal 2012 in order to reduce debt incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However we will continue to repurchase shares sufficient to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt has decreased by $107 million to $3.9 billion. Results from the European Simple Meals business are reported as discontinuing operations. The company completed the divestiture of its European Simple Meals business to CVC Capital Partners on October 28. In the second quarter, the company recognized a net gain of $90 million after-tax or $0.28 per share from the sale. For the first-half, the net earnings from discontinued operations were $81 million or $0.26 per share. Campbell reiterated our annual guidance this morning. We expect continuing operations to grow sales by 4% to 5%, adjusted EBIT by 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS by 2% to 4%. As a reminder, fiscal 2014 is comprised of 53 weeks, one additional week compared to the prior-year, the benefit of which is expected to be mostly offset by the impact of currency translation. The contribution to sales from acquisitions is anticipated to be nearly $300 million. As we have said before, in connection with the new business model in Mexico, reported sales and cost of products sold will be reduced by approximately $35 million. Interest expense is estimated at about $120 million for the year and the tax rate is projected to be between 31% and 32%. EPS growth reflects the impact of a significant increase in the tax rate versus an unusually low rate for the last year. Thank you. With that, I will turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Craig. At this time, we will conduct a Q&A session. We would like to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question so we can respond to more people who are on the line.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Good morning, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Denise, I was hoping to get just a little more perspective from you on, I think you had said the consumption around core U.S. Soup or the lift basically that you are expecting from some of the activities you did in the quarter, didn't really have the anticipated effect. Is your sense that that was just all, sort of some of the rough weather we have been having or were there some other aspect to that that played into it?
Denise Morrison: Well, last year's weather contributed to the 5% growth, but we think it drove less than half of those gains. We believe that our improved execution and more effective marketing and the introduction of new products were the key drivers last year. This year we were really satisfied with our holiday consumption but January we did get lifts on our promotion but they weren't quite what we expected. And basically we have to do a better job in the second-half driving consumption.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: So you think the consumption or the lifts that weren't right where you wanted them was primarily just the weather we had more recently or you mean to say you didn't do a good enough? I am trying to get a sense of what didn't go as planned or where the improvements will come from?
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have assessed that weather is neutral to us in this quarter. We definitely acknowledge a benefit of cold temperatures, but we think it was offset by unfavorable weather disruptions. We had plant closures for a while, retail store closures and some lost business in the Foodservice sector.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Denise Morrison: Good morning.
Craig Owens: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Craig, I don't know if you are going to be down in CAGNY, but it's been a pleasure working with you. Best of luck.
Craig Owens: Thank you. I will be at CAGNY.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, all right. Then I will save the party until next week, I guess maybe kind of following up on Andrew's question a bit. Just a couple of points around soup. One is, how do we judge like the broth sales being so strong versus arguably the soup side of it a bit weaker and how is it that one could be so strong and the other not in the same type of environment? Then two, you brought forward a new product soup sales from, I think what you were going to introduce them next season into this season after the fiscal first quarter and I find that to be kind of unusual to the extent that the soup category shelf set, et cetera are normally set quite early. So I am kind of wondering how effective can new products be introduced in the heart of the season when the retailers are kind of normally setting it up way ahead of time?
Denise Morrison: Okay, I will answer both. First of all on the broth business. We were very pleased with our performance on broth and we attribute it to a number of factors. First of all, starting with the consumer, we have seen an increase in homemade soup behavior, I mean people are making more soup at home and they are cooking more with broth, which is great. We do think that that's partially driven by some of the innovation we have brought to the broth segment of the soup category with new flavor infused varieties and we have also changed our advertising campaign to really emphasize insights on why I cook. We think the combination of all of those have really helped the business. As I said, we had a strong holiday. In regards to the new off-cycle products, our retailers are looking for growth and fortunately, we now have a pipeline with more products ready to go to market. So we view this as positive because we are doing something different and continuing to increase our new surrounding soup.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I will pass it on. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning, folks.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: So I wanted to ask some questions on the Beverage side of your portfolio. I apologize if I missed this in prepared remarks. But can you elaborate more on your new routes to market for immediate consumption channels with V8? And also give us an update on the similar initiative that I think you have going on with Bolthouse to try to push into those channels?
Denise Morrison: Okay. We have had, for the last five-years, a contract with Coca-Cola for immediate consumption distribution of V8 and that ended on December 31. Over the last year of that contract, we have continued to work with Coke and effective January 1, we were able to ship V8 products to a new network of distributors for national distribution. In addition, we are now out working with predominantly convenient store customers to make sure that we not only secure the V8 distribution that we had, but expand it. We now have the benefit of going to market with both V8 and Bolthouse Farms, which gives us, in total, that just both all retail channels about $1 billion of healthy beverage business. So we feel like we have got a great program going forward on immediate consumption. It is a large part of other beverage company's sales and profits and it's a very small part of ours. So we see this as a really great opportunity for us.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and sticking on beverages. Given your relationship with Green Mountain on the soup initiative. I am curious if you could comment on your attempt with either V8 or Bolthouse Farms into its new cold beverage platform?
Denise Morrison: We continue to work with Green Mountain on the development of the new Fresh-Brewed Soup K-Cup product and we do not have plans at this point for V8 or Bolthouse Farms execution.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you, guys
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi, good morning.
Denise Morrison: Good morning, Chris.
Craig Owens: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi, look forward to seeing you at the CAGNY. Just a quick question for you, if I could, to understand the second quarter benefit you received from inventory. And really what I am trying to get to is, it sounds like inventory levels need to come down a little bit in the second-half of the year. So did you quantify or can you quantify the benefit to Q2 or maybe, what you believe would have come out in the second-half for the year?
Craig Owens: Well the benefit to Q2, I would look at that as the difference between consumption, which was down one and inventory which was up five less some of the low level that we entered the quarter with. It's hard to quantify looking forward. Remember that inventories are moving in a big bell curve through the season anyways. So when we talk about inventory movement, we are talking about difference to prior year at the beginning and end of the quarter. But they are always coming down in the second quarter and they will be coming down in the third quarter. It depends on where we end. I think it's fair to say, we need to get good consumption and good execution in the third quarter and get the inventory overhang that's out there consumed as we move through the quarter and that's why I mean we feel pretty good about that, as Denise referenced. We have got a lot of programming in the quarter and we are looking forward to seeing that work for us.
Denise Morrison: This is more of a program frequency than program depth too.
Jennifer Driscoll: Right. I just mentioned that. Next question.
Denise Morrison: Sorry, did you want to continue with this?
Chris Growe - Stifel: Well, that's okay. Thank you. I will leave it there.
Craig Owens: Thanks, Chris.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi , thank you. I don't claim to be the best modeler in the world, but my SG&A modeling has obviously gotten worse and worse here with Campbell and I want to know if you could help me here. Your admin costs are well below what I thought and they are well below a year ago. I know you have had some restructuring, but do you think your admin costs are going to be down year-over-year? And then also, Craig, on the gross margin, I think last quarter you said, you expected to be slightly higher versus a year ago. You seem to be kind of angling at lower now. How much of a headwind on gross margin should we expect for the year.
Craig Owens: So, SG&A first. I think we would expect SG&A to be down versus prior year. We are benefiting from the restructuring activities that we pursued. You will continue to see benefit from that. You will see benefit from that in the second-half. Pension cost is a positive for us this year. It looks like we are headed for a little bit lower incentive compensation cost. So all of those things will run favorably and looks like they will help us in the second-half too. Gross margin has been negatively impacted in the first quarter. Well, actually really in the first-half, but particularly in the second quarter. In the first quarter, we had the Plum recall and in the half, we have had some project expense work that's fallen into cost of sales, maybe a little bit higher than what we originally anticipated. We have had some weather related costs. The weather has been so severe, we actually had soup freeze in some of our transportation and have to be destroyed and that sort of thing. So we have had some kind of one-off impacts in cost of sales in the first-half. As I look toward the second-half. I will try this again, I think our gross margin will be pretty similar to what it was last year but clearly, we won't recapture everything that we have lost in the first-half.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And consumer marketing? Did your budget for that change at all? Are you going to be flat this year? Where are you going to be?
Craig Owens: For the full-year, I would expect us --
Anthony DiSilvestro: We will be a little bit below the sales growth.
Craig Owens: Yes.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Well, so did that change during the course of the year or is that --?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, we had expected it to be a little bit above the rate of sales and now we are forecasting to be a little bit below.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: You are welcome. Thanks, Rob. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Hi, good morning.
Denise Morrison: Good morning, Bryan.
Craig Owens: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: First question, I just wanted to follow-up, I guess on Rob's question. If you kind of back the envelope math, to get the low end of the guidance operating income has to grow by about $90 million in the second-half of the year. Just how much of that is sales dependent? And how much of it is going to be more dependent upon some of the cost phasing and some of the lower cost in the second-half? I am just trying to tease out how much of the profit growth is really just purely sales dependent and how much is going to be year-on-year comps or other programmatic savings?
Craig Owens: Yes.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes.
Craig Owens: Go ahead Anthony.
Anthony DiSilvestro: We looked at this pretty closely and actually only a small part of it derived from the organic sales growth. A big portion is in the G&A line related to the items that Craig just talked about. Also don't forget the 53rd week has a significant impact in the fourth quarter as well.
Craig Owens: Having said that, as Denise said, we do need better sales performance in the second-half than we had in the first-half given the weak first quarter.
Denise Morrison: Right, and we expect organic sales up 2% and 3% from acquisitions.
Craig Owens: And okay, don't forget that you have got a 53rd week and the acquisition contribution in the back-half.
Denise Morrison: Right.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: But that optic of having such a big profit ramp in the back-half, it doesn't look as challenging as it does when you factor in some of the cost comparisons or some of the other factors in the second-half.
Craig Owens: Exactly. When you take it apart, it doesn't have to be driven by really extraordinary sales results or anything.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay and then also just a follow-up on Jason's question relative to the distribution changeover at V8. Has that started yet? And do you any expect to see any sort of impact on sales in terms of just maybe pipeline fill and subsequently have you seen any sort of change in inventories may be bled down? Just trying to understand if there is any lumpiness in that, that we should expect going forward?
Denise Morrison: Yes. It is an effect, effective January 1, and we did see wind down in sales to Coke in the second quarter. We will be and are shipping now to the new distribution network. We believe that there will be pipeline fill and increased sales over time. So that's probably the best I can do at this point.
Craig Owens: The ramp-up probably won't be quite as dramatic because it's across a large number of distributors that will be coming on as we move through the quarter.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay, and the distributors, are they beverage distributors or are they more general merchandise distributors? Trying to understand who or what the --?
Denise Morrison: They are distributors that cater to the immediate consumption channels, largely convenience stores and single-serve products.
Craig Owens: So it's a multiple-line distributor, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Got it, great. Okay. Thank you very much. Look forward to you guys next week.
Denise Morrison: You are welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with Credit Agricole. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole: Good morning.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole: I just wanted to ask, a couple of your peers have talked about spending cuts under the SNAP program and the headwind to sales. I just was wondering if there was any way to quantify what the might mean for Campbell across the features of your portfolio that are attractive to those consumers?
Craig Owens: I think it's very difficult for us to quantify. I would put it into the larger basket of consumer headwind issues that are out there. I think you have seen us and our peers under a lot of pressure to get volume growth. You have seen the grocers under pressure to get volume growth. So I think its part of what's playing in. I think it's really difficult to segregate out that specific impact.
Denise Morrison: Yes. They are dealing with lower employment, higher payroll taxes, healthcare changes, lower discretionary spending available on food. So the food stamp is part of all of that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole: Okay. I appreciate the color there. Then just a follow-up on the beverage Coke distribution. Was there anything in that contract that prevented you from having products in competing categories? I guess what I am asking is, now that you have a different distribution network, are there categories that would be available for you to expand into that, perhaps before, you weren't allowed in?
Denise Morrison: At this point we are focused on expanding the beverage because that's a huge opportunity for us.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole: I probably think there weren't any contractual limitations?
Anthony DiSilvestro: As we look ahead, the new distribution model does provide us some opportunities to expand beyond the beverage category into some of our other Simple Meals categories as we push it into immediate consumption channels.
Craig Owens: And it also gives us the opportunity to, while the route to market is a little bit different because it's a chilled route to market for Bolthouse and at shelf-stable, even though it's going into refrigerated spaces for V8. It gives us an opportunity to go to distributors and to go to retailers on a joint basis now that we didn't really have under the Coke agreement.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Diane. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about marketing in light of the lower spending that you are expecting now. It's specific to Bolthouse. I know you have spent some money on that brand and I think that was the first initiative behind that brand period. So can you just give us a sense or just an update on Bolthouse and what returns you are sort of seeing from these early investments you made? What does that imply for long-term growth trajectory of that business? Then, if you could just comment on which brands or categories are the ones where you are cutting the marketing? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Denise Morrison: In terms of Bolthouse Farms, recall, this is the first marketing effort that we have had on this brand since it's been newly acquired and the marketing largely met our expectations. We were actually very pleased with the results and we will continue to market that brand in the second-half of this year and invest in it going forward. In terms of the other categories, we have been focusing our marketing largely at competitive levels on our core brands and at ramped up levels on our new products such as the Campbell's cooking sauces and Homestyle and Prego. The only place I can tell you that we will course correct going forward as we believe we did not spend at the appropriate level on condensed eating soup and we will be course correcting that going forward.
Craig Owens: In terms of where the reductions are, I think beverages will be a little lower than our original thinking there as we shift some of that probably to more trade related activity and as we continue to work our way through some of the headwinds that we have seen in beverage and maybe a little bit lighter in Pepperidge but we are not going to be very different from the shape of our original expectation. It was always heavily front-loaded to support the new product introductions and to do the first advertising around Bolthouse and it was always intended to taper back closer to the prior year or slightly below for the balance of the years.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: And just long-term implications of whatever you have learnt from the advertising dollars you spent on Bolthouse? Can you at least share what you learnt from the marketing initiatives that you took on Bolthouse? Thank you. I will pass it on.
Craig Owens: I think it's probably a little early to give the full readout from that but I would fully anticipate that we will continue to be more active in terms of brand building around Bolthouse than they have been historically there. We really think that's one of the opportunities that we have looking forward with the brand.
Denise Morrison: We will take a note to make that part of our review at Analyst Day in July.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: The next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Thank you, and good morning.
Craig Owens: Hi, David.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David. Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: I want to go back on soup for just a minute. An important question here. We have done some analysis on the multi-year trends. Third quarter of last year was absolutely a superstar quarter for consumption within our Nielsen data. Your results as well. So Denise, how do you think about this expectation that second quarter consumption underperforms, but yet the requirement is for third quarter to be a strong one, yet it faces singularly the most difficult comparison that you faced in quite a number of years.
Denise Morrison: We acknowledge the fact that we did have a very good third quarter last year but we feel, as we look at our plans in the back-half that they are robust and we are doing some things over the top of what we did last year to have a different outcome. So we have greater promotional frequency. We are launching eight new soups including our first Hispanic cooking soups. We are expanding pub inspired Chunky soups, which are doing really, really well. Some of those are in the top selling SKUs of all soup and we are building more momentum on broth with a bigger Easter program. So we believe that we have robust plans and we are planning on cycling quarter three and quarter four with positive momentum on soup.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: All right. I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: You are welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Craig Owens: Hi, Alexia.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein: Can I ask about the outlook on the commodity cost side? There seem to be a lot of moving pieces there. On the one hand, the grain envelope is down, which might help the Pepperidge Farm business. On the other hand, we have got droughts in California and meat pressures kicking in as well. As you look out through the second-half of the year, is the commodity outlook pretty benign at this point? Is that one of the reasons why the profit growth should start to accelerate in the second-half? Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So in the second-half, not much different on the commodity front, on the inflation rate front. We will benefit from not having, as I described earlier, some of the one-off cost that we have had, that if you had cost of sales in the first-half but we are still looking for an inflation rate on inputs and if you just narrow it down to materials, it's more like 1% to 2%, 2.5%. Once you put labor and other overhead cost in it, it gets up to kind of 2% to 3%. Then in the first-half we have been impacted with another point of unusual cost item. So not much impact in the second-half. As we look forward to next year, you are right. The drought in California is probably going to have an impact on our tomato and our processed tomato cost structure. Obviously you are right about grains, a little bit relief for Pepperidge going forward. But not much impact in the second-half. As you know, we have got a commodity buying program that keeps us out a little bit ahead of the curve and we are pretty well locked in for the balance of this year.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: Good morning. You have owned Plum for three quarters now. What are your learnings on the brand? What I mean is, what do you know now about the consumer that you didn't know before about the new channels that you got into with that brand? Is there any overlap between Plum and Bolthouse because they cater more to millennials, probably that you can exploit?
Denise Morrison: It's still early days of owning Plum. So far, despite the recall situation that we had, we are continuing to see the brand grow in sales. However we have been really focused on getting back in to business on that brand throughout our customer base before we start really expanding distribution and bringing out new products, which will start to happen in the second-half. So it's still early days but we are very pleased with the brand and with the business.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: So no learnings yet that you are willing to share?
Denise Morrison: No, not yet. I mean other than the fact that we studied the category before we made the acquisition and we know it's a higher growth space which is very consistent with our strategy and it also is a very popular brand with millennials.
Craig Owens: It's a negative circumstance to have the recall, but one thing that we have seen is that Plum consumers are very loyal to the brand. I think they really appreciated the way that we have communicated and handled that recall process. They have been very communicative through that process on social media and that sort of things and it has proved to be, despite the negative starting point, to be a pretty good selection of brand loyalty.
Denise Morrison: Yes, they sort of said, through velocities too at the stores where we are fully in-stock. So that's an encouraging thing.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: You are welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Jennifer Driscoll: Hi, Matt.
Denise Morrison: Hi, Matthew.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Just two quick ones, since we are in overtime here. One I just wanted to check in on the Goldfish Puffs launch. Just it's been very visible. It's had a lot of display. It seems to be well promoted. So what can you tell us at this point about trial and incrementality to sort of the overall consumption on the brand?
Denise Morrison: Goldfish Puffs has been one of our better introductions and it's largely meeting our expectations. Inclusive of new products, Goldfish was up 5%. So Puffs certainly helped contribute to that sales growth.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Denise Morrison: Then if you link it to slightly older consumer, which we think is more incremental for us.
Jennifer Driscoll: Targeted towards teens and that seems to be a good market for us beyond kids and it's performing very well.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and are you at the point now where you have a view on repeat purchase or still early?
Denise Morrison: Still early.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then just quickly on the inventory. Just as we are thinking through the mix implications going into next quarter, is that more concentrated in ready-to-serve? Is it broadly across soup? Or are there other categories implicated?
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would say it weighs more to the ready-to-serve category.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks, Anthony.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
Craig Owens: Hi, David.
Denise Morrison: Hi, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: When you look back at that first-half and you think about the ROI on the innovation spend that you had in the first quarter and advertising in that quarter or the promotion spending in the second quarter, how are you reviewing that as you are thinking about your tactics into the second-half of the year? Will you pursue a similar strategy or perhaps adjusting that somewhat?
Denise Morrison: Obviously, on the advertising, we definitely frontloaded the year. It was up 14% in the first quarter. So that will not be repeated, obviously. We expect a more normal ACT in the back-half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: If you think about innovation, against our dinner sauce, it's hard to think about that over a quarter or even half. We are investing to create a new behavior in a new category in a new shelf space. So we are investing pretty heavily to develop that market and we look at it more on a long-term ROIC basis.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: I am just asking because it seem like you tried, I can appreciate the fact that you have, you are pursuing something more incremental, something more that needs a little bit more explaining in the first quarter advertising spend but it does feel like a lot of companies that have pursued more incremental with the advertising have had disappointing returns on that. So I don't know if that's just in general an indictment on the media spend in general and how you are thinking about that going forward.
Craig Owens: I think it's, again, really difficult. We are still in the trial building phase. Well, on something like dinner sauces, purchase cycle is fairly long. So it does take some time and some investment. So again, I think it's hard to respond to a quarter question.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So we are intentionally investment spending. We know on these new product introductions as you know you are not going to get the return in the quarter on the spending. So I think you have to look at it over a little bit longer period of time and see how the trial and repeat builds.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays. Your line is open.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays: Hi. Thank you so much for taking the question. I believe on the last call you had mentioned a possibility to refinance at least part of your August maturities. First, is that still the case? Second, if so, how are you thinking about potentially adding change of control language to the future bond issuances and potentially retroactively adding it in existing bonds? Thank you.
Craig Owens: So it's hard for me to see much advantage to adding it retroactively to bond issuances that are out there. We will consider it going forward, but I feel well, it's just too early to say. Anthony will give that some consideration as we look forward to our future bond issuances.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a quick housekeeping. Where should we expect your debt reduction to be by the end of the year either absolutely or in terms of your leverage?
Craig Owens: Well, I think if you look at the absolute numbers, once you take out the noise created by the European divestiture and the purchases of Kelsen and Plum, it should be sort of a normal operating cash year for us. We tend to fall somewhere between $800 million and $1 billion of operating cash flow on an annual basis.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful.
Craig Owens: Thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: Let's just take one last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo:
D:
Denise Morrison: I am sorry, I couldn't quite hear that. Could you repeat that?
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Yes. Did you quantify the impact of the Slow Cooker sauce in this quarter in the sauces business?
Denise Morrison: We didn't, but we may be able to if I talk long enough. While we are looking, I will give you the replay. It's going to be available two hours after the call concludes. You will dial (703)-925-2533 and the passcode is 1630990. We will have that up till February 28, is that long enough, Anthony?
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, it is. There sauces contributed about a point of sales growth to the U.S. Simple Meals segment.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: One point. And then, Denise, can you just walk through how you are seeing those aisle merchandising programs developing at retail with your customers?
Denise Morrison: Are you talking about on the cooking sauces?
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Yes, those you are adding the square footage in the aisles.
Denise Morrison: Recall when we introduced Skillet sauces last year, we had the situation where it was merchandised in about five different places in the grocery store. So we worked diligently this year for our customers to place a section of cooking sauces in the store. It varies where that is located, but typically it is sauce section or even next to broth. But what it does is it gives worthy of space to ourselves and some of our competitors but it gives the consumer a destination to know where to shop for these kinds of products and since we are building a platform, that's been a strategic imperative.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Okay. So are you seeing a generally favorable buying with that, from the retailer's perspective?
Jennifer Driscoll: I think about half of them.
Denise Morrison: Yes, about half of them. Right, exactly.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: You are welcome. Thanks everybody for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. We appreciate your patience as we try to clear out the queue a little bit. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856)-342-3737. Investors and analysts should please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856)-342-6081. Have a great Valentine's Day and hope to see you at CAGNY next week and we will conclude our program now. You may disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-11-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the First Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. I'm going to comment first on items in the quarter, including impacts from our European simple meals business, which we sold on October 28, the first day of our second quarter. Denise will follow me with her perspective on our first quarter results, focusing on the main profit drivers year-over-year and expectations for fiscal 2014. Craig will wrap it up with a more detailed look at the financial and segment results for the first quarter and our adjusted expectations for fiscal 2014. After that, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our investor relations app, which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media, who are participating in listen-only mode. Also keep in mind our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflects the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. We've been reporting Europe's operating results in discontinued operations. The sale resulted in changes in continuing operations in Q1, with Q2 impacts being covered later in our remarks today. In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the company recorded an unrealized loss of $9 million, $6 million after tax, or $0.02 per share, on foreign exchange forward contracts used to hedge the proceeds from the sale of the European simple meals business. The loss is included in other expense. In addition, the company recorded tax expense of $7 million, $0.02 per share, associated with the sale of the business. Both were recognized in continuing operations. Separate from Europe, we recorded a pretax restructuring charge of $20 million, which is $13 million after tax, or $0.04 per share, in continuing operations associated with initiatives to streamline our salaried workforce in North America and in the Asia Pacific region. We also recorded a pretax restructuring charge of $1 million and restructuring-related costs of $2 million in cost of products sold related to the fiscal 2013 previously announced initiative. Last year, in Q1, we recorded a restructuring charge of $20 million pretax and $20 million pretax of restructuring-related charges related to supply chain initiatives and $10 million in Bolthouse transaction costs. The cost of our recent Plum recall was not adjusted out. Since our presentation includes several non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials, also can be found on our website, accessible online, or any mobile device with the Campbell IR app. This earnings call is available live on the web and will be saved later as an archived audiocast. You can find it at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News & Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts & Presentations. And with that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by saying that I'm disappointed with our first quarter results, which failed to meet our expectations and yours. I own this, and so does our entire management team. But we are not discouraged because we understand what happened, we know what we have to do, and we're determined to improve our performance over the next 3 quarters. Based on our first quarter sales and profit performance versus our expectations, we're lowering our full year guidance for fiscal 2014 by 1 point at each line. From continuing operations, we now expect growth of 4% to 5% in net sales, 4% to 6% in adjusted EBIT and 2% to 4% in adjusted EPS with a range of $2.53 to $2.58 per share. This guidance reflects our expectation that Campbell will deliver considerably stronger results in the balance of the year. This morning, I'll review the factors that had a significant impact on our first quarter results and explain how we expect to improve our performance for the remainder of the year. I will also review strategic steps that we've taken to continue to reshape Campbell and our future growth trajectory. The key factors in the quarter were: first, movements in inventory levels by U.S. retailers and program timing; second, weakness in our core business trends; third, our decision to front-load marketing spend to support the growth of new products; and finally, our voluntary recall of a range of Plum Organic products. Although it's not an exact science and these are estimates, I want to give you a sense of the relative impact these factors had on our first quarter adjusted EBIT, which was down 20% versus prior year. Movements in retailer inventory levels and program timing drove approximately 6 points of the EBIT decline. Declines in our core business trends reduced EBIT by approximately 6 points. Increased advertising and consumer promotion accounted for about 4 points, and the Plum recall accounted for nearly 4 points of the decline. Movements in inventory levels and program timing drove more than half of our decline in organic sales. The greatest impact was in U.S. Soup, where movements in retailer inventory levels negatively impacted first quarter sales by approximately 4% or 2/3 of the decline versus prior year. As we said in our last earnings call, we entered the first quarter with retailer inventory above year-ago levels, particularly in Soup. What we didn't expect was that some retailers also chose to reduce the average amount of inventory on hand versus the prior year, adjusting to a weak consumer environment. This had a negative, unplanned impact on our sales, and we ended the quarter with retailer inventory levels below year ago. In quarter 2, we're seeing more positive inventory movements. Significant shifts in our program timing and execution also pressured our first quarter results, especially in U.S. Soup. As we discussed with you in September, we expected this year's late Thanksgiving holiday to put pressure on our first quarter results. In fact, many large U.S. customers placed their orders later than the prior year. This required us to hold off on shipping holiday items until after Halloween. These items include Campbell condensed soups, gravy, Swanson Broth and Pepperidge Farm Stuffing. The upside is that we expect the holiday timing to have a positive impact on sales in the second quarter, as it will have more Thanksgiving shipments to customers than last year's quarter. We're seeing evidence of that right now, and I'm certainly encouraged by the strong acceleration in Soup and Pepperidge Farm shipments and by the merchandising we've seen so far in November. In the first quarter, U.S. Soup was lapping strong promotional activity in the year-earlier period, when we partnered with key customers on major promotions of Campbell condensed soup that drove volume during the back-to-school period. This year, our soup promotion is more heavily weighted to the second and third quarters, which we will -- we anticipate will be more effective at the height of the soup season. Some of our first quarter promotions were scaled back or not repeated. These actions impacted condensed and ready-to-serve consumption and sales in the first quarter. Although first quarter soup consumption declined, we grew share in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect soup consumption trends to pick up in the balance of the year as consumers respond to effective marketing and promotions, taste improvements and new products as we enter the winter months. In fact, our total U.S. Soup gross sales are up 8% month-to-date in November from the prior year. To help drive renewed growth in both condensed and ready-to-serve soup consumption and build on our momentum in broth, we have planned competitive advertising levels in the coming quarters to get Soup sales back on track. We expect our new Campbell Homestyle Soup to be a growth driver this year, and we're accelerating innovation by pushing up the launch of 8 new soups that were originally planned for the end of the fiscal year. These new soups will now be launched in the second and third quarters, and they include new varieties of Campbell's Chunky and Healthy Request soups and our first Hispanic-inspired cooking soups. A second factor impacting our profit performance was our decision to front-load marketing investments in the first quarter to support new products. Specifically, our advertising and consumer promotion expense in the first quarter increased 14% from the year-earlier period. We supported new product launches in Soup and Simple Meals and made investments in Bolthouse Farms to drive better brand awareness and expand its leadership position in packaged fresh foods. We made strategic choices to launch new products while maintaining competitive levels of advertising in the core. This included supporting Campbell's Homestyle Soup, Slow Cooker Sauces and Skillet Sauces with strong national advertising campaigns that encompass digital, social and TV. Although it is still early days, I'm encouraged by the velocity of Campbell's Homestyle Soup and dinner sauces in response to our advertising. But the benefits of advertising tend to build over time, and we expect new product sales will continue to accelerate as the year progresses. As we reported today, we continue to face challenges in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverages. This is the last quarter where Foodservice is cycling the loss of a major customer, and we expect better comps going forward. Foodservice performed as expected in the quarter. However, U.S. Beverages performed below our expectations. Our V8 brand continues to be under pressure from category weakness in shelf-stable juices and competition from the proliferation of specialty beverages and packaged fresh juices. As we've said before, we are implementing a turnaround plan to stem the decline and strengthen U.S. Beverages in the long run, but we don't expect it to be a growth driver this year. We're focused on reducing cost and driving innovation, such as V8 V-Fusion Refreshers and V8 V-Fusion + Energy. Our first quarter results also reflected the impact of a recall on a range of Plum Organic pouch products. We initiated this recall after discovering a manufacturing defect that may cause spoilage in some pouches. As Craig will discuss in greater detail, the cost of this recall had a significant negative impact on our first quarter EBIT. Our priority is to continue to build consumer and customer trust in this wonderful brand. Looking briefly at Global Baking and Snacking. I'm encouraged by the solid performance of Pepperidge Farm in the quarter and by our progress in reshaping and expanding our International business, including our acquisition of Kelsen Group and our growth in emerging markets. Pepperidge Farm grew sales of Goldfish crackers and fresh bakery and rolled out exciting new products. Going forward, we are supporting the national rollout of Goldfish Puffs with a television and digital campaign. And in Q2, we're launching Goldfish Mac & Cheese nationally. In addition, Pepperidge Farm expects a boost from Thanksgiving shipments in the second quarter. Overall, we expect this business to deliver continued solid growth this year. Turning to our international biscuits portfolio. The integration of Kelsen, which has given us a baked snacks platform in China, Hong Kong and other international markets, is on track. We're readying Kelsen brands for the important holiday season. In emerging markets, we expect to deliver dynamic growth in Arnott's biscuits in Indonesia this year. We are doing some heavy lifting to address our challenges in Australia, where we're focused on reducing cost and reinvigorating growth in Arnott's. We've strengthened the leadership and are reorganizing the team. Our new President of Asia, Pacific, Ümit Subasi, is now on board. Ümit has extensive experience in turning around businesses and establishing new operations in emerging economies. Now I'll discuss several important steps that we have taken as we continue to reshape Campbell and redefine our future growth trajectory. In the first quarter, we concluded our negotiations to sell our European simple meals business for EUR 400 million. This transaction, which closed in the second quarter, enables us to focus our investments and resources on faster-growing businesses and markets and on brands that we believe we can grow around the world. We now have 10 powerful brands with sales of more than $100 million each, led by a our flagship Campbell brand at $2.1 billion. With the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, Plum Organics and Kelsen, we added a trio of growth engines with combined sales of more than $1 billion to diversify our portfolio. We will continue to look for smart external development opportunities that create value. The second step relates to our ongoing focus on reducing SG&A expense and total delivered cost as a strategic imperative. Campbell is driving productivity and rightsizing our global workforce to fund sustainable growth in a challenging consumer and economic environment. Over the past 2 years, we exited 4 plants and streamlined our Campbell North America operations in order to optimize our supply chain and increase efficiency. These actions have resulted in annualized cost savings of approximately $40 million. In our first quarter of this fiscal year, we continued our progress by implementing further initiatives that are expected to deliver annualized cost savings of approximately $40 million. Importantly, we will reinvest some of these incremental cost savings in brand building and innovation. Based on the company's solid performance last year and our outlook for this year, Campbell Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend during the first quarter by 7.6%. With this increase, Campbell's shareholders will receive a payout of almost $1.25 per share on an annualized basis. This dividend increase reflects the company's strong cash flow, continued confidence in our strategic plan and our firm commitment to enhance shareholder value. So in closing, we are off to a slow start to the year and face a tougher road than we anticipated. But we know what we have to do to strengthen our performance over the balance of the year, and the second quarter is off to a solid start. In summary, I'm disappointed but not discouraged. I firmly believe that we're taking the right steps to drive sustainable, profitable net sales growth, and I'm determined to do so. Now I'll turn the call over to Craig Owens for a full review of our segment results, and then we'll get to your questions.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise, and good morning, everyone. Well, as Denise said, we are disappointed in the results that we're reporting. Today, we want to be sure that we're providing you with a clear understanding of the elements of the first quarter results, as well as indicators of the opportunity that we see in the balance of the year. I'll spend a few minutes discussing the first quarter and segment highlights, followed by comments on our full year sales and earnings guidance. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion will exclude the impact of acquisition transaction costs in the prior year, restructuring programs in both the current and the prior years and a loss on foreign exchange forward contracts and a tax expense related to the sale of our European business but recorded in continuing operations in the first quarter. On October 28, after the close of the first quarter, the company completed the divestiture of the European simple meals business. That business is reported in discontinued operations in the first quarter. For the quarter, we reported net sales from continuing operations of $2.2 billion, a 2% decrease from the prior year. These results include a 4-point contribution from acquisitions, which consist of Plum Organics; Kelsen, which was acquired on August 8; and 1 additional week of the results of Bolthouse Farms, which was acquired 1 week into the quarter last year. Excluding acquisitions and the negative impact of currency, organic net sales decreased by 4% with declines across all segments except for Global Baking and Snacking, which was comparable to prior year. The organic sales performance was negatively impacted by movements in retailer inventory levels across several of our businesses. Adjusted EBIT decreased 20% to $337 million, reflecting lower sales, increased advertising investment, expenses related to the Plum product recall and a lower gross margin percentage. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.66, a 21% decrease versus the prior year, driven by the EBIT decline. The next slide shows the composition of the 2% sales decline. The organic sales decrease of 4 points reflects 4 points of unfavorable volume/mix, 1 point of increased promotional spending, which is offset by 1 point of pricing. Unfavorable currency had a 1-point impact due to the Australian and Canadian dollars weakening against the U.S. dollar. You'll note that the detail does not add to the total due to rounding. The unfavorable volume/mix is driven by 2 of our U.S. segments: U.S. Simple Meals and U.S. Beverages. The pricing gains were primarily related to our list price increase on condensed soup in the U.S. and price increases across our Baking and Snacking segment. These increases were partially offset by pricing declines in Mexico based on our new distribution business model. The promotional spending variance was primarily related to higher rates of spending in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 220 basis points to 36%. The decline was primarily attributable to the impact of Kelsen and Plum. The combination of purchase accounting inventory step-up for Kelsen and the Plum recall had a negative impact of 1 full point. The ongoing impact on gross margin from the addition of the lower-margin Kelsen and Plum businesses is about 40 basis points. The balance of the margin reduction was largely due to negative mix. The inflation rate and cost of goods sold was about 3% for the quarter, entirely offset by productivity savings. Marketing and selling expense increased $25 million to $261 million. The increase was primarily driven by higher advertising to support new product launches, including Campbell's Homestyle Soups and Campbell's dinner sauce products, as well as new advertising to support the Bolthouse brands. The addition of Kelsen and Plum Organics also contributed to the increase. Administrative expense decreased $7 million to $148 million, primarily due to lower compensation and benefit costs, including pension expense. Acquisitions added approximately $5 million. For the quarter, net interest expense decreased $3 million to $30 million. The decrease was due to lower average interest rates on our total debt portfolio, partly offset by higher levels of debt to fund the Kelsen and Plum acquisitions. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 32.2%, a 20 basis point increase versus the prior year. We still expect a fiscal '14 tax rate of between 31% and 32%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations decreased 21% to $209 million, and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations decreased to $0.66 for the quarter. First quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 28. Our U.S. Simple Meals segment delivered $860 million in sales, including a $15 million contribution from the acquisition of Plum Organics. U.S. Simple Meals organic sales declined by 6%. Within the segment, U.S. Soup sales also decreased by 6%. 2/3 of this decrease was due to movements in retailer inventory levels. Retailers entered the quarter with somewhat higher inventories than prior year. They worked these down and reduced end-of-period inventories versus prior year, partially due to the later timing of Thanksgiving. Excluding the impact of the Plum acquisition, U.S. sauce sales decreased by 4%. Declines in gravy, paste and canned pasta were partially offset by the introduction of Campbell's Slow Cooker Sauces and gains in Prego, which benefited from our new white sauces. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment delivered $609 million in sales, including a $52 million contribution from Kelsen. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year, with growth in Pepperidge Farm in Indonesia offset by declines in Arnott's in Australia. The sales gains in Pepperidge Farm reflected growth across fresh bakery and crackers. In the bakery business, Sandwich Bread & Rolls posted double-digit volume gains, benefited from -- benefiting from the market absence of the former Hostess brands, which are just now beginning to return to the shelf. These gains were partially offset by declines in stuffing, primarily due to the holiday timing shift. The Snacks business had another quarter of growth, with good increases in Goldfish snack crackers partially offset by declines in adult cracker varieties. Sales of cookies were comparable to the prior year. Sales in Arnott's decreased, primarily due to sales decreases in Australia, primarily in chocolate varieties, partially offset by strong growth in Indonesia. Our Bolthouse Farms and Foodservice segment posted $330 million in sales, including $14 million from the additional week of Bolthouse Farms sales in the current quarter. Organic sales declined 2%, reflecting the loss of a major restaurant customer in Foodservice 1 year ago, while Bolthouse sales were comparable to a year ago, as sales growth in premium refrigerated beverages and salad dressings were offset by declines in bulk sales of juice concentrate. International Simple Meals and Beverages delivered $193 million in sales for the quarter. Organic sales decreased by 7% due to declines in Canada, Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. Sales in Canada were negatively impacted by increased promotional spending related to the launch of new soup items. The sales decline in Latin America is attributed to lower selling prices associated with the implementation of the new business model in Mexico. And sales in Asia Pacific declined due to our Australian soup business. U.S. Beverage sales declined 8% to $173 million. The decrease in sales was most pronounced in V8 V-Fusion beverages. Sales of V8 Vegetable Juice and V8 Splash also fell. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals decreased 23% to $211 million for the quarter. Within the segment, the decline in operating earnings was primarily driven by lower volumes, higher advertising expense and expenses related to the Plum product recall, partially offset by productivity improvements and net price realization in Soup. Operating earnings for Global Baking and Snacking decreased 8% to $78 million. Earnings declines at Arnott's and the unfavorable impact of currency were partially offset by earnings gains at Pepperidge Farm. For the segment, the earnings decline was primarily driven by cost inflation, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Operating earnings within Bolthouse and Foodservice decreased by 15% to $29 million. The decline in operating earnings was primarily driven by cost inflation and increased advertising for Bolthouse Farms. Bolthouse benefited from the comparison to 1 less week last year. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 20%, primarily due to lower volume. Within international Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings decreased by 39% to $20 million. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to lower volume, lower selling price and increased promotional spending. On Slide 31, you see U.S. Soup sales for the quarter declining 6%. Recall that approximately 4 points can be attributed to retailer inventory movement and timing. Sales of condensed soup declined 7% with declines in both eating and cooking varieties. Volume loss was partially offset by higher net pricing. Ready-to-serve soup sales fell 11%, driven by declines in both canned and microwavable soup varieties. Broth sales increased 3%, primarily driven by double-digit gains in aseptic broth. Campbell's measured consumer takeaway in wet soup for the quarter was down 2%. On Slide 32, we look at U.S. wet soup category performance in the past 52 weeks ended October 27, 2013, and our share performance within the category. The category as a whole rose 2.8%. Our sales in measured channels rose 3.4% with gains driven by ready-to-serve, broth and condensed soup. Campbell had nearly a 60% market share, an increase of 30 basis points. All other branded players, collectively, had a share of 28%; and private label, a share of 13%. These figures were sourced from SymphonyIRI's multi-outlet report and are based on dollar sales. Cash flow from operations was $38 million, compared with $81 million in the prior year. The decline is due to lower earnings, partially offset by a lower pension contribution. The pension contribution in fiscal '14 was $40 million versus $76 million last year. Capital expenditures of $52 million rose from $41 million a year ago. We're still expecting capital expenditures for the year to be about $350 million. As we've previously announced, we suspended the strategic share repurchase program at the end of fiscal 2012 in order to reduce the debt incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However, we will continue to repurchase sufficient shares to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt rose to $4.5 billion, an increase of $441 million, primarily due to acquisitions. In the quarter, we also retired a $300 million note. Results of the European simple meal business are reported as discontinued operations. The loss from discontinued operations for the first quarter was $9 million or $0.03 per share, compared with earnings of $13 million or $0.04 per share last year. The change in earnings was primarily due to costs associated with the divestiture, including additional tax expense related to the difference between tax and book basis of the business. In the second quarter, the company anticipates recognizing a net gain of approximately $75 million after tax, or $0.24 per share, from the sale of the European simple meal business. Campbell's has adjusted its previous fiscal 2014 guidance. Campbell now expects continuing operations to grow sales by 4% to 5%, adjusted EBIT by 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS by 2% to 4%. The downward adjustment of guidance by 1 point at each line is a recognition of our shortfall versus expectation in the first quarter. Our forecast is for significant improvement in performance in the last 3 quarters and the reversal of some of the retailer inventory positions. As a reminder, fiscal '14 comprises 53 weeks, 1 additional week compared to last year, the benefit of which is now expected to be partially offset by the impact of currency translation. The contribution to sales from acquisitions will be lower than the $300 million in our original forecast due to the Plum recall. It's difficult, at this point, to estimate the full year impact of the recall on Plum, but we believe that our new guidance range encompasses this risk. In connection with the new business model in Mexico, reported sales and cost of products sold will be reduced by approximately $40 million. EPS growth reflects the impact of a significant increase in the tax rate. With that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Craig. At this time, we will conduct the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Kate?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a question for you with regard to organic revenue growth. And I guess, as I think about those various factors that worked against revenue during the quarter, the recall, the inventory reductions, it would seem like a lot of this is going to be overcome, if you will, later in the year by improving underlying organic revenue growth. I just want to understand, I guess, first of all, how much organic revenue growth you foresee within that 4% to 5%. And then, I guess, just from a modeling standpoint, do we expect, therefore, an increase in inventory in 2Q to counteract some of the declines here in the first quarter?
B. Craig Owens: So Chris, to answer the last question first. I think that the expectation on inventory, if you look at the first quarter, not only did we work down some of the inventory overhang, if you will, from prior year, but retailers actually finished the quarter lower than prior year inventories. We would expect to get that back. And in fact, we have pretty good evidence that it's coming back for us in November. So yes, a partial reversal of some of the inventory issues there. The expectation with respect to organic sales growth going forward is that we would finish the year, I think, with a modest organic sales growth. So positive in the last 3 quarters.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to follow up on that. Did you indicate on the call, I may have missed it, but that the month-to-date in November Soup sales are up 8%? Did I get that correct?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, that's the gross sales, month-to-date, up 8%.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So again, some of the -- given what we see in SymphonyIRI and Nielsen data, assuming it's still a little challenged in the Soup category, that gap would be defined by the incremental inventory, it seems like.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And I -- we believe that, that's cycling the Hurricane Sandy consumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about new products as a percent of sales? I guess, within the Soup business, you're managing a transition out of the more traditional products into these new packaging formats. How are those going so far this soup season? Because I remember this time last year, they were a little light versus expectations.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the best way to think about this, Alexia, is the Go Soup, the Campbell's Slow Kettle and the Bisques and the boxed soups are building a premium segment of the soup category, and we're very encouraged by the growth in that particular segment. And we'll continue to build new varieties on that -- in those lines this year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And how much do they represent of the U.S. Soups business now, that premium category?
B. Craig Owens: It's still pretty small, Alexia. It's not a very significant portion of our total soup sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So some modeling questions. In the context of the first quarter shortfall, it is -- it's difficult to see the clear path to your full year guidance. Can you help us with a little more granular detail of some of the puts and takes that give you the confidence to get there? And also, any insight you can share on the second quarter because it seems like delivering the full year is really predicated on a pretty heroic second quarter delivery.
B. Craig Owens: So I think, first of all, in the second quarter, we would -- as we said, we'd expect to recapture some of the first quarter impact of sales below consumption or lower retailer inventories. Across the year, we will see the progressive benefit of new products and innovation that will help the top line. As we mentioned, in our Foodservice business, we're lapping the loss of one of our major customers, so the first quarter is the last time that you see that impact. Clearly, the Plum impact in the first quarter is a one-off in terms of the recall amount, though there may be some ongoing impact on the Plum business as we go forward. With respect to profit measures as opposed to sale measures, we also -- well, actually, impacting both things, we have the restructuring benefit, some of which will be reinvested to help us drive top line growth as we move through the year. So, I mean, there are a fair number of factors. As you look at the first quarter, I think you see a combination of some one-off impacts and some weakness in the core business, no question about that, but then as we look forward, we think we've got some offsets and some benefits to the balance of the year. And it does make for a significant swing first quarter to back 3.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And Jason, we have significantly stronger programming in the second and third quarters this year versus prior year and so -- where we had weaker programming in the first quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If your programming was so much weaker in the third quarter, why was the promotional drag on top line a negative 2%?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes. Part of that is due to the fact that, in Soup, as we list -- raised list prices, we held the promoted price, so you have -- it shows up as a higher rate on promotion.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Last year, you launched -- at this time of the year, you launched 2 new soup brands, the Go Soups and the Gourmet Bisques, and yet you were able to reduce your marketing expenses. However, Chunky did better even with lower marketing expenses and so on. So last year, lower marketing expenses, better performance. This year, you're stepping up your marketing spending to support Homestyle, which is -- as you relabeled 100% Natural, and yet the performance is down. Why this discrepancy in performance, given the change in marketing spending?
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. let me clarify that. First of all, our marketing efforts on our new products last year, when we launched them, particularly our soups and our Skillet Sauces, we believe, was insufficient to generate the trial that we needed to get to. We actually had better repeat on those products, but the trial was a slower build. So learning from that, this year, we decided to invest in marketing upfront and give our new soup and sauce products a proper launch into the marketplace. And we believe that, that was the right decision. For clarity, Campbell’s Homestyle is a different kind of soup than 100% Natural. So even though we discontinued 100% Natural and Campbell Homestyle will go into the marketplace in its place, it is a totally different consumer proposition based on a need state of fresh-made goodness. So the -- we felt that it was really important to properly communicate that right out of the gate to consumers and customers.
B. Craig Owens: Thilo, I think the other thing you have to recognize is that the advertising spend on the base business last year was down versus 2012, right? So if you're looking at total advertising spend, the base business spend this year would have been about flat, with the support against new products on top of it, whereas last year, you had a decrease in base spending.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The one other point I'd mention, there is the significant amount of spend to launch our new dinner sauces into both Slow Cooker and to support Skillet Sauces. So we're still in the awareness and trial-building part of that evolution, so you don't necessarily see it in top line growth in the current quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Craig, very quickly, what was D&A in the quarter, if you can? And then Denise, I wanted to get a better sense for why your team's initial forecasts were perhaps a bit off for the Thanksgiving shift. As far as you can tell, was it more the case of retailers ordering less than they had previously indicated, or was it more to do with maybe a hiccup, I guess, in the forecasting process on Campbell's part? I'm just trying to get a sense of why the magnitude of the Thanksgiving shift impact, I guess, caught you guys slightly offguard.
Denise M. Morrison: I'll take the second part first. Obviously, we knew, when we forecasted, that Thanksgiving was going to come later in the year and that Halloween would actually fall in the second quarter. However, what we didn't expect was that retailers would hold off ordering Thanksgiving holiday merchandise until after the Halloween inventory was on the floor and depleted when, in fact, that was the behavior that we experienced this year. In a traditional first quarter, we actually do have Thanksgiving shipments going to market, particularly in the last 2 weeks in October. That did not happen this year. And yet, the day after Halloween, we saw our shipments tick up in a big way. So we do have confidence in the fact that this was a shift in inventory for the holiday.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: On your other question, depreciation and amortization in the quarter was about $75 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick questions, so just little ones, and then a more important one. A&C for the year's -- I don't think you actually said what your...
Jennifer K. Driscoll: I'm sorry, David. You're trying to squeeze in 3? I think you're going to have to pick one.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: They're just little details, but I'll do whatever you want. The A&C for the year, and then what was your expectation for the quarter? And then my most important question is the savings, this $80 million, the 2 $40 million chunks. Craig, can you talk about how the pacing goes on this in terms of what's incremental in Qs 2, 3 and 4? Should we be thinking that's it like $20 million incremental savings in Qs 2, 3, 4, just kind of simple math on the $80 million?
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to expectation on A&C in the first quarter, as we said when reported our fourth quarter results, we did expect A&C to be up, as it was. So there wasn't any miss versus our own expectation there. With respect to the savings on the restructuring program, the savings, not the benefit to the bottom line, because as we said, we think we will reinvest a fair bit of this for growth, but the savings for the balance of the year against the headquarters restructuring program is about $25 million. And the supply chain portion of that is about $40 million for the year, and that's already well incorporated in our discussion around enablers and inflation, which are roughly an offset this year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Are they back-end loaded, though?
B. Craig Owens: The second one is -- sorry, the first one is. The restructuring for -- outside of the supply chain, the restructuring of world headquarters in Australia is back-end loaded.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then this is one of the reasons why the shape of the year can be so different than the first quarter numbers? I mean, the first quarter misses by $0.20, and then the back end has got -- the back 3 quarters has got just a very different EPS shape. I'm thinking that this productivity program is a big reason why?
B. Craig Owens: That is part of the reason why, yes.
Denise M. Morrison: Part of the reason, and then the expectation that we'll deliver more meaningful growth in the next 3 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was just curious to know why you provided the gross sales for November up 8%. Is there any way you can give us a sense of what the net sales were? And then also, is that -- do you think that's the extent of the rebuilding of inventory? Or is there more rebuilding of inventory that you expect in December and January?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: On the gross sales question, we haven't closed the books for November yet, so we don't do the trade calculations until we get through the month. So the only thing we really had to provide for you today is the gross sales, which is why we did that.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is there anything unusual you had to do to get the gross sales up 8%? Or is it just your normal trade spending in November?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, nothing to do with trade spending. It's the volume times the list sales compared to the prior year.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, there's nothing peculiar going on at trade spending. It's just, as Anthony said, to give you an accurate number mid-month, we have to do it at the gross sales level.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, and I think largely driven by the Thanksgiving shipments starting after Halloween, which fell into the second quarter.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And as far as retailers building back inventory in December and January, that's not going to be an issue? You think you'll ship to consumption in December and January?
B. Craig Owens: Well, it's really difficult for us to forecast that, Rob, as we proved in the first quarter, right? But the -- I think the point is that we feel pretty confident because of some of the things that we've cited: the timing of Thanksgiving, some real retailer squeeze on inventories toward the end of the first quarter, that at least the below-normal inventories at the end of the first quarter would come back. And the reason we've given you the gross sales number for November is just some indication that's giving us some comfort that it has come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Denise, in Foodservice, you've done some work there bringing capacity online and responding to some of the change in customer demands. How should we be thinking about new business wins unfolding there? Is there anything on the horizon worth noting? And, I guess, related, how would you characterize the broader foodservice environment right now?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, I think the broader foodservice environment is challenged, as is the retail environment. However, we did bring some capacity online in June that is enabling us to have discussions with many more national customers to meet their needs in fresh soup. So we are having those discussions and are encouraged by the early days and expect to be on our plan on Foodservice this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just -- I guess, one clarification. Just I'm trying to -- in understanding the $0.20 variance to consensus, if I look at, I guess, the Slide #9 in the presentation, would it be a rough approximation that roughly half of it was the consensus was just too high relative to what your internal plan was and half of it is some of the inventory -- some of the things that were unanticipated by you going into the quarter?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. Bryan, I don't want to get into trying to analyze our results against the average of the consensus, but if you think about it sort of by the pieces that Denise cited in terms of things that, I guess, nobody really expected, clearly, the Plum recall and the -- part of that inventory decrease, we anticipated part of it, we didn't anticipate part of it, were clearly unexpected. And the weakness in the base business was largely unexpected by us. That things that we did anticipate were part of the inventory timing and the front-loaded spend on marketing. So I'd say, in terms of what was expected and what wasn't expected, there's probably over half of it that was not in our expectation.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just -- I just want to make sure I understand, I think, in your response to Dave Driscoll's question, the plan for your -- for marketing spend for the full year hasn't changed at all. So you're still anticipating the same level of spend. And then in addition, there is some incremental cost savings related to the restructuring, more restructuring savings. Did I hear that right? Relative to what your original plan was.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, so we had said that marketing would be up this year, primarily because of support to the new product introduction, and, in fact, that it would be somewhat front-loaded and that's still the plan, right? Front-loaded, you saw it in the first quarter, up for the full year but certainly not at the same rate that it was up in Q1. And so the answer is that all of those expectations are still in order. And with respect to the cost savings against restructuring, I think the point with David was, is that backloaded? And the answer is, yes, we'll see the benefit of that across the last 3 quarters.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But relative to what was in the guidance that you gave at the beginning of the year, there isn't more savings in your plan now than there was at the beginning of the year?
B. Craig Owens: I think the way I would think about that is that the restructuring has given us some opportunity to help make up some of the loss that we had in the first quarter, particularly through reinvestment in greater growth in the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick one on the acceleration of some of your products you talked about. I certainly understand why you're lumping those up a little bit to get sort of the top line moving and what have you. I guess, I'm just curious why, if those new items were ready to go, why, I guess, the plan was originally not to put them out until the end of the fiscal year. Is it just you had enough going on already, you thought? Was it a capabilities concern that you didn't want to put too much out there at the same time? Or -- trying to get a sense because it seems like you're still in the mode of, even excluding this quarter, you're still trying to obviously get the overall top line and Soup momentum kind of going, right, from -- over a multi-year time frame. So I guess, why wouldn't have these new items been put out when they were ready to go?
Denise M. Morrison: The new items that I talked about accelerating, the 8 new items, were programmed to go in the next fiscal year, which meant they would be shipping the July, August time period in preparation for the next soup season. We have accelerated those new items, and some of them will be going out in quarter 2 and quarter 3. So that is as fast as we can go on those items with the right programming to support them.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The other point on that, and Craig mentioned that the new restructuring benefit enables us to put a little marketing support behind those new items where we wouldn't have had that P&L flexibility before.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, so I guess that's part of that. That makes sense. And then, just to revisit, I know last year's -- you talked about advertising spending behind the core was lower. Obviously, it's already at a high level against your core, but it was lower, and some of that has moved over to support some of the new items on the premium side and whatnot. Do you feel like that decision, in any way, caused you to sort of have to re-up a little bit more than you had expected this year? Maybe it cut a little too deep behind the core, which is coming back to kind of hurt things today, or do you really think that's probably not an issue in all this?
Denise M. Morrison: Andrew, we feel that the levels of advertising that we have on the core business are still at very competitive levels and that it's advertising working in conjunction with the other drivers of demand is the right formula for success on the core Soup business, as evidenced by the performance last year. On the new products, we really felt that we needed to put some more momentum behind them coming right out of the gate to get the trial curve sooner because our repeat is actually very strong on those items.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask, on the Beverage business, which I think you said in your prepared remarks that, that underperformed your expectations, and then you didn't see really within this fiscal year that it would really stabilize. And I guess I'm just curious, what have you seen in shelf stable versus the premium fresh beverages? Because it seems -- I know that, that was one of the major reasons you acquired Bolthouse. But it seems that even that category is coming under increased pressure because there are new entrants and it's -- whenever I look at it in the grocery store, it looks like it's kind of over-SKUed. Could you talk about sort of shelf stable versus premium fresh and the behavior of both categories, please?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And obviously, we do play on both sides of that business. And the shelf stable juice category continues to struggle from category weakness and competition from the proliferation of specialty beverages and, as you indicated, packaged fresh juices. And we see that affecting our V8 franchise. What we do see are some bright spots. We've had 7 years of growth of V8 Splash, and we did not have the merchandising levels in the first quarter that we had last year, but we have reinstated those in the year-to-go period. So we'll handle the value end of the shelf stable juice business, which we believe has been pretty robust for us. And on the higher end, with Bolthouse Farms, we actually did see high single-digit consumption in the Beverage business, or sales in the Beverage business, and we're still ahead in share. So we will continue with the premium fresh Bolthouse business to increase our innovation going forward, and they have a very robust pipeline coming to market. So we're very encouraged by the performance of Bolthouse Farms as it looks for the year. So I think that there is definitely a shift. Where we're feeling most of the pressure is in our 100% Red juice and our V8 V-Fusion. The trends have improved slightly on the 100% Red juice, but I'm admitting that, that particular segment of the business is still under pressure.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Can you just give me a break on how much is shelf stable versus premium fresh in terms of percentage of sales or -- just trying to get an idea about how much bigger that business is, the shelf stable.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, all the sales in our U.S. Beverage reporting segment are the shelf stable business. And the Bolthouse sales are in the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment, and the shelf stable is about twice as large as the refrigerated.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, one of the things I failed to mention was we are also driving innovation in shelf stable juices. We have a launch of V8 Refreshers coming out and shipping as we speak. And then V8 V-Fusion + Energy is also performing way above expectations, so we're encouraged by that innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on the inventory issue. Can you give us some perspective on where we are on inventory levels at retail from a historical perspective? And just as a follow-up to that, how -- I mean, in terms of stock-up trips, I mean, what's the outlook for your business longer term? And how are you managing your business strategically longer term given that it seems like stock-up trips are down, and that's hurting your business? That would be helpful.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, second part of the question first. On the stock-up trips, we've seen, for several seasons now, the change in consumer behavior on stock-up trips. Whereas once upon a time, it was to our advantage to promote with large multiples, today, we've adjusted that to -- we still have aggressive programs, but they're in multiples of 2 or 3 to reflect that kind of behavior. So consumers are definitely shopping closer to consumption. And in terms of the inventory, as we said, the inventory levels today coming into the quarter were lower than they were a year ago.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, I would just add to that. If you look at the end of the quarter, we're probably -- I think we are at multi-year lows in terms of absolute levels of inventory.
B. Craig Owens: Having entered the quarter at a high level, so that there's quite a swing from beginning to end.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Greg Hessler with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a balance sheet-related question. I think, on the last earnings call, you had indicated that you expected the total debt balance to be down in 2014, and there was a little bit of an uptick on a sequential basis. Can you just provide some color on why the debt balance increased?
B. Craig Owens: Because of the acquisition of Kelsen and Plum. Kelsen, yes, is the one that's in the quarter, right?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, and keep in mind that the sale of the European simple meals business occurred in the first day of the second quarter. So obviously, our debt level is down since then.
B. Craig Owens: So we don't have proceeds -- we'll show proceeds from the European sale in the second quarter.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. And then, so on a -- I guess, if we're looking at it, we should compare -- your total debt balance at year end for 2014 should theoretically be lower than that $4.4 billion or $4.5 billion number at the end of the 2013. Is that the way to look at it?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, absolutely.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more, if I could squeeze it in. I mean, you guys have a decent-sized short-term debt balance, and you have a couple of maturities coming up. Do you guys expect that you'll be in the debt capital markets this year?
B. Craig Owens: We don't -- we haven't made any announcement about that. As you saw, we -- the last bond that matured, we paid off, and we'll evaluate that as we come up. I think we've got 2. They actually fall into 2 different fiscal years, but they're right at the beginning of August of 2014, so I -- probably, at that point, at least one of those would be partially refunded by a new issue.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter earnings call and webcast. If you missed any portion of our call, the replay will be available about 2 hours after this call concludes. Call 1 (703) 639-1327. Our replay passcode is 1625872. You have until December 3, 2013, at midnight, at which point, we move our earnings call to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News & Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts & Presentations. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at (856) 342-3737. Investors and analysts, please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081 with any questions. That concludes today's program. Have a great week and a wonderful Thanksgiving. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-08-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Dennis Geiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Jennifer Driscoll. Ma'am, you may begin.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. Denise will kick us off today in a couple of minutes with her perspective on the full year as we continue to pursue our dual mandate. Craig will then give you the financial and segment results for the fourth quarter, our full year highlights and expectations for fiscal 2014. After that, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app, which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. This morning, we showed for the first time the results of our European simple meals business as discontinued operations. Its assets and liabilities are classified as held for sale. We also completed our annual testing of goodwill and intangibles for impairment, resulting in a significant noncash charge related to certain European goodwill and brands. In addition we recognized an incremental tax charge in earnings from discontinued operations. Let me elaborate just a bit on each of those items before we move forward. First, given the potential sale of the European business, representing its fiscal 2013 results as discontinued operations and restating fiscal 2012 results accordingly. This business previously had been included in the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment. Discontinued operations had $532 million in sales last year, adjusted EBIT of $65 million and $0.16 of contribution to adjusted EPS. We plan to provide you with discontinued operations historical results by quarter for fiscal 2013 and 2012 on our website in September. It may help to see how our adjusted results translate to reported EPS, shown here on Slide 5. I already covered accretion from discontinued ops, showed in the middle column. Per my second point, lower in the middle column, you see that our annual testing of goodwill and intangibles resulted in a noncash impairment charge in the fourth quarter of $0.83 per share related to intangible assets in the European business. We also recorded a tax charge of $0.06 per share on earnings from discontinued operations related to the potential sale. Turning now to matters impacting continuing operations. Looking at the far left column, in fiscal 2013, the company reported pretax restructuring charges and restructuring-related costs in cost of products sold associated with initiatives to improve our U.S. supply chain cost structure and increase asset utilization across our U.S. thermal plant network; to expand access to manufacturing and distribution capabilities in Mexico; to improve our Pepperidge Farm bakery supply chain cost structure; and reduce overhead costs in North America, the latter 2 being in the fourth quarter. The aggregate impact of the restructuring initiatives was $0.28 per share on earnings from continuing operations. Campbell also completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms one week into fiscal 2013. The acquisition created not only large year-over-year changes in sales and EBIT, but it also resulted in $0.02 of acquisition transaction costs, shown on the far left column. The majority of our remarks on our call today will focus on results from continuing operations on an adjusted basis, including Bolthouse Farms operating results for 51 of the 52 weeks but excluding transaction costs and restructuring charges. We appreciate your patience in parsing out all of these different items this morning. Since our presentation includes several non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials, also can be found on our website accessible online, of course, or on your mobile device with the Campbell IR app. I've got one more thing to plug. We would like to cordially invite you to hear our webcast presentation by Denise Morrison, Anthony DiSilvestro and me on September 4 at the Barclays Back-to-School conference in Boston. Campbell's presentation will begin at 1:30 p.m. Like this earnings call, it will be available live on the web and then later as an archived audio cast. You can find it at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News & Events, then just click on Recent Webcasts &; Presentation. And with that long intro, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining Campbell's fourth quarter earnings call. Before we begin, let me lay out our agenda for the call this morning. I'll begin with my perspective on our 2013 full year results and the plethora of actions we have taken to reshape our portfolio for a stronger growth trajectory. This will provide context for our 2014 guidance ranges and the path we are pursuing to return Campbell to sustainable, profitable net sales growth. Craig Owens will follow with a more detailed review of our fourth quarter and full year results and our guidance, and then we'll take your questions. I'm pleased with the results that we are reporting this morning. Full year sales and EBIT were in line with our revised guidance, and EPS exceeded the high end of our guidance. As Craig will explain in greater detail, those numbers reflect the combined results of continuing and discontinued operations and excludes special items. Although I'm encouraged by these results, there is much more work ahead of us and challenges that we must address to build an even stronger foundation for sustainable growth. We've talked many times over the last 2 years about our 3 growth strategies: profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals, expand our international presence and continue to drive growth in Snacks and Healthy Beverages. We've also outlined the significant investments that we are making in brand building, innovation and external development. And we said that our strategic framework translates into a dual mandate: to strengthen our core business and expand into higher growth spaces. Today, I think it's fair to say that Campbell has made progress as we've executed our dual mandate. We're doing what we said we would do, with a resolute focus on the future of our company. The centerpiece of our progress in strengthening our core business was the performance of U.S. Soup, which delivered 5% sales growth this year by optimizing the drivers of demand and accelerating consumer-focused innovations. Sales of ready-to-serve soups grew 9%, condensed soups were up 2% and broth grew 4%, led by the strong performance of Campbell's Chunky soup. Chunky's exceptional momentum was driven by the launch of new varieties and our decision to return the brand's marketing focus to its core consumer, males with a big appetite for NFL football and satisfying soup. We grew our iconic Campbell's condensed soup, a $1.1 billion business, with a wide array of offerings that appeal to a broad range of consumers, particularly children, families and baby boomers. We enhanced the taste of our soups, positioned them more distinctively in the marketplace and improved in-store execution. We rebalanced and optimized advertising and consumer promotion behind our core brands. We accelerated innovation, launching 38 new soups during the year; and yes, we had some help from the weather. To drive the continued growth of this important core business, you will see many great new products in the new fiscal year, including Campbell's Homestyle soup, a new ready-to-serve range. We're also launching new pub-inspired varieties of Chunky, and Clay Matthews of the Green Bay Packers is our newest Chunky's Mama's Boy. In Global Baking and Snacking, sales grew 4% for the year, reflecting strong growth of our Pepperidge Farm business, where sales of Goldfish crackers rose 6%. Goldfish is a powerful brand that continues to expand after more than half a century. We strengthened growth in our Pepperidge Farm cookie business by launching stronger marketing behind our Milano brand and introducing delicious new products like our soft Pepperidge Farm Dessert Shop cookies. We grew share in fresh bakery with good performance in our Pepperidge Farm Swirl breads and as we effectively leverage expanded shelf space in the wake of the Hostess bankruptcy. We're determined to retain most of that space in the new fiscal year. You'll see many exciting new products to support the continued growth at Pepperidge Farm, including Goldfish Puffs, which are in-store now, and new varieties of cookies. We're taking steps to strengthen our Arnott's business in Australia, with a focus on improving its capabilities and lowering costs. Arnott's, our third largest brand, delivered strong sales growth in Indonesia. I mentioned earlier that we must address our challenges in order to drive sustainable growth. Quite frankly, I was disappointed with the performance of our U.S. Beverages and North America Foodservice businesses. But we have a clear understanding of the issues impacting these businesses and what we need to do to get them back on track, starting with our decision earlier this month to strengthen their leadership and management. Sales in U.S. Beverages were down 4% for the year, reflecting declines in our V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion juice and juice beverages. Shelf-stable juices have faced intensified competition from the proliferation of specialty beverages, including the dynamic growth of packaged fresh juices. We are focused on improving our shelf-stable 100% juice business, anchored by V8, which has unmatched credentials in vegetable nutrition. We will reinvigorate our V8 business through a disciplined focus on the drivers of demand, continued expansion in the growth segments of the category and relentless attention to cost management. To reinvigorate growth, we are introducing new products like V8 V-Fusion Refreshers, a lighter fruit and vegetable beverage, and we will continue to expand V8 V-Fusion + Energy and V8 Splash, which delivered its seventh consecutive year of growth. As we said at Analyst Day, we are focusing on 3 key objectives for North America Foodservice: stabilizing our traditional foodservice business, accelerating the growth of the packaged fresh business in the retail perimeter and innovating to change the game with national account customers. We believe that we have a solid plan for improving our performance in Foodservice in the short term, while laying the foundation for longer-term growth. As we took action to strengthen our core business, we also made tangible progress on the second part of our dual mandate: to expand into higher growth spaces. We did this by driving breakthrough innovation and accelerating external development. In fiscal 2013, our focus on breakthrough innovation contributed to our growth in new categories and segments. To pursue growth in the nearly $200 billion dinner segment, we introduced Campbell Skillet Sauces, and we're building on that platform with the launch of new Campbell Slow Cooker Sauces. To reach new consumers like millennials, we continue to expand in the faster growing premium soup segment, where we're driving innovation with Campbell's Slow Kettle, Campbell's Bisques and new Campbell's Go Soups. Fiscal 2013 was a banner year for acquisitions and strategic alliances that we believe will accelerate our future growth and change our direction in new and exciting ways. We ended a trio of growth engines through our acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, Plum Organics and the Kelsen Group. These acquisitions have combined sales of approximately $1 billion, and they give us exciting new brand platforms to create value and attract new consumers. With net sales of $756 million for the year, Bolthouse Farms delivered strong results that met our expectations. It is a leader in the fast-growing $12 billion packaged fresh foods category, with its super premium fresh beverages, baby carrots and refrigerated salad dressings in the grocery store perimeter. Bolthouse Farms has expanded our access to consumers who have a strong interest in fresh foods and health and wellness. The combination of Bolthouse Farms and our iconic V8 franchise has given Campbell a $1.2 billion beverage platform that spans the full range, from shelf-stable value offerings and mainstream products in the center of the store to packaged fresh super premium beverages in the retail perimeter. We have the opportunity now to leverage this scalable platform in entirely new ways. For example, we are leveraging the capabilities of Bolthouse Farms to introduce V8 Harvest, our first entry in packaged fresh juices with the V8 brand. In the new fiscal year, we will make advertising and consumer promotion investments behind Bolthouse Farms to drive brand awareness and build its differentiated positioning. We will continue to launch new Bolthouse Farms products to fuel its robust innovation pipeline. We also have a clear opportunity to expand this brand to new channels and immediate consumption outlets like convenience stores. In June, we acquired Plum Organics, an innovative brand of premium organic simple meals and snacks for infants, toddlers and young children. Plum Organics gives us a growth platform in the premium organic segment of the $2 billion U.S. baby food category, a segment that grew at an average annual rate of 43% from 2010 to 2012. With the #2 share in the organic baby food category, Plum Organics also gives us access to millennial parents for whom organic nutrition is a high priority and it's a strategic fit with our $1 billion kids platform. We plan to expand distribution of Plum Organics products to drive growth in fiscal 2014. The acquisition of Kelsen, which we completed earlier this month, gives us a leading producer of premium cookies with annual net sales of $180 million and popular brands that are sold in 85 countries. It expands our position in new geographies because approximately 1/3 of its sales are in China and Hong Kong, where it is the market leader in the fast-growing assortment segment of the sweet biscuits category. Kelsen also gives us a broader net distribution network in Asia, South America, the Middle East and Africa that will provide many potential routes to reach new consumers in the growing $60 billion global sweet biscuit market. We see longer-term opportunities to leverage Kelsen's distribution network to expand our Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm brands in China and around the world. We expect the acquisitions of Plum Organics and Kelsen to contribute approximately $300 million to our sales growth in fiscal 2014. During the year, we also entered into strategic alliances in Mexico to expand our access to manufacturing and distribution capabilities in this key market. We expect these commercial agreements with Grupo Jumex, the largest producer of fruit juices and nectars in Mexico and Conservas La Costeña to enhance our growth in beverages, soups, broth and sauce. Since we are committed to expanding internationally, I think it's important to share my perspective on why we have made a strategic choice involving the potential sale of our European simple meal business. As we announced previously, Campbell is in final and exclusive negotiations for the potential sale of its European simple meal business. This potential transaction includes brands such as Liebig in France, Erasco in Germany, Blå Band in Sweden and DevosLemmens and Royco in Belgium. The proposal also includes the sale of 4 plants in those countries. We will continue to export Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's products throughout Europe and Campbell's products to the United Kingdom. Kelsen, which is based in Denmark, will continue to sell its products in Europe. In the short term, the impairment charge for the European simple meals business was the reason our company posted a fourth quarter net earnings loss on a reported basis, but we are committed to making strategic choices that are right for Campbell in the long run, and this is the right choice. Across our company, we are focusing our brand building investments, resources and talent on iconic brands that we believe we can grow around the world. Our strategy is to build brand equity, which will create value for our shareholders. Consistent with our strategy, we are investing in core brands like Campbell's, Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish, Arnott's, Prego, Swanson and V8, and new businesses in faster-growing spaces like Bolthouse Farms, Plum Organics and Kelsen. All of the actions that we have taken to strengthen our core business and expand into faster growing spaces are reshaping our brand portfolio and shifting our center of gravity for a greater growth trajectory in the long term. You can see that the direction of Campbell is changing a step at a time. We're reshaping our portfolio, which now features 10 powerful brands with sales of more than $100 million each, led by our $2.1 billion Campbell brand. We're building a more diversified portfolio with more growth engines. Excluding Europe and including our 3 acquisitions, we expect soup to account for about 1/3 of our sales this year versus more than 40% in fiscal 2012. We are focusing on our 3 core categories, but we've broadened our scope within each category to pursue faster-growing segments and adjacencies. We're building new connections with multiple demographic groups and new generations of consumers. We are seeking productivity opportunities to fund our growth, and we are creating a high-performance culture, leveraging our high engagement. Looking ahead to our plans for fiscal 2014, we're focused on increasing sales from U.S. Soup and Simple Meals, Global Baking and Snacking and Bolthouse Farms; fixing our U.S. Beverage business and North America Foodservice; accelerating innovation with the launch of more than 200 new products; expanding our availability in club, dollar, e-commerce and immediate consumption channels; increasing our packaged fresh offerings in the retail perimeter; driving international growth in new and existing markets with a strategic focus on Asia and Latin America; and pursuing smart external development. In closing, I'm excited about our direction and our progress, as we focus forward with a strategic plan that is building momentum and delivering results. We remain committed to achieving our long-term growth targets, and we acknowledge that we have more work to do as we continue to reshape Campbell in a changing consumer and economic environment. We are confident in our 2014 plan and committed to delivering it. Thank you for the opportunity to share my perspective on Campbell's solid performance and our progress this year as we continue to execute our dual mandate. I look forward to answering your questions following Craig's detailed review of our financial results and our guidance.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. I'm going to begin by discussing our fourth quarter results and segment highlights, and I'll follow that with a review of our full year results and wrap up with a look at fiscal 2014 sales and earnings guidance. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion will exclude the impact of all restructuring programs and acquisition transaction costs for the current and prior year, as well as the impairment charges and tax adjustment related to our European business. In August, the company announced the potential sale of its European simple meals business. This business was previously included in our International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, which is now reported as a discontinued operation. We will begin the review of the fourth quarter and fiscal year results with a look at the combined continued and discontinued operations and then focus on the results of the continuing operations. So in the fourth quarter, combined continuing and discontinued operations net sales increased by 13% to $1.8 billion, reflecting the Bolthouse Farms and Plum acquisitions, which contributed 11 and 1 point of growth, respectively. Adjusted EBIT increased 4% to $217 million and adjusted earnings per share were $0.45, a 10% increase from the fourth quarter of 2012, benefiting from EBIT growth and a favorable tax rate. Moving now to our fourth quarter results from continuing operations. We reported net sales of $1.7 billion, a 13% increase, reflecting the impact of Bolthouse Farms and Plum, which added 13 points together. Excluding the acquisitions and currency, organic net sales increased by 1%, with gains in Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals, partly offset by declines in International Simple Meals and Beverages and U.S. Beverages. Adjusted EBIT was comparable to a year ago at $208 million. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, EBIT declined by 7%, due to higher incentive compensation expenses. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.43, an 8% increase from the fourth quarter of 2012, benefiting from a lower tax rate. As you can see on Slide 32, after the contribution from Bolthouse and Plum, the 1% growth in organic sales reflected 1 point of volume mix growth and 1 point of pricing, offset by 1 point of promotional spending. Currency had a negative 1 point impact, due to the Australian dollar weakening against the U.S. dollar. The favorable volume mix reflects gains in our 2 largest segments: U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking. The pricing gains were primarily due to our list price increases on Arnott's biscuits and U.S. condensed soup, as well as increases in Pepperidge Farm. These increases were partially offset by pricing declines in Mexico based on our new distribution business model. The promotional spending variance is primarily due to the higher rates of spending in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 230 basis points to 36.7%. The decline is primarily attributable to the impact of the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, which operates at a lower gross margin structure. Excluding the acquisition, the impact of cost inflation was mostly offset by productivity improvement. The inflation rate in cost of goods sold was approximately 3% in the quarter. Marketing and selling expenses were comparable to a year ago at $191 million. Lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses were offset by the impact of the addition of Bolthouse. Advertising and consumer promotion expense declined by 14%, including decreases in U.S. Soup and U.S. Beverages. Administrative expense increased $32 million to $195 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs compared to below target levels in the year-ago quarter and to the addition of Bolthouse Farms. Net interest expense increased by $5 million to $30 million. The increase was due to the higher level of debt incurred to fund the Bolthouse acquisition, which was added at lower average interest rates than the total debt portfolio. The adjusted tax rate decreased by 590 basis points in the quarter to 24.7%. The decline in the tax rate was primarily due to lower state taxes and an increase in the U.S. manufacturing deduction. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased 5% to $136 million, benefiting from this lower tax rate. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations increased to $0.43 for the quarter. Percent change on the chart was impacted by rounding. Fourth quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 35. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment achieved strong organic sales gains, up 5%, driven by growth in Pepperidge Farm in Indonesia, partly offset by declines in Arnott's Australia. The strong sales gains in Pepperidge Farm reflected growth across fresh bakery, crackers and cookies. In the bakery business, we continue to benefit from the market absence of Hostess, with double-digit volume gains across sandwich, bread and rolls. The snacks business had another strong quarter, including solid growth in Goldfish snack crackers and a strong sales performance in cookies. Sales at Arnott's decreased primarily due to sales declines in Australia across sweet cookie and chocolate varieties, partly offset by strong growth in Indonesia. Our U.S. Simple Meals segment delivered $493 million in sales, including a $14 million contribution from the acquisition of Plum Organics. U.S. Simple Meals achieved strong organic sales growth of 4%. Within the segment, U.S. Soup sales rose by 4%, driven by gains in ready-to-serve soup and broth. And U.S. Sauce sales increased 4% also compared to the prior year, driven by gains in Prego pasta sauce, including new items in white sauces and red distinctive sauces. Sales also benefited from Campbell's Skillet Sauce, which was introduced in the first quarter. Sales in the Bolthouse Farms and North America Foodservice segment were $300 million, with Bolthouse contributing $185 million. Organic sales excluding the acquisition declined 5% compared with a year ago. This sales decline in North America Foodservice reflects the loss of a major restaurant customer and continued higher levels of promotional spending in our core Foodservice business. Organic sales for the International Simple Meals and Beverage segment decreased by 5% compared to the prior year. Sales declines in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region were partly offset by higher sales in Canada. The Latin America decline is part of the new distribution -- is due to the new distribution arrangement in Mexico, as we phase in ahead of the full change to the business model there. In Asia Pacific, sales declines in Australia were partially offset by gains in Malaysia. U.S. Beverage sales decreased 4% in the quarter, primarily due to a decline in V8 vegetable juice. Sales of V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash also declined in the quarter. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased by 6% to $110 million this quarter. The increase reflected strong earnings gains in U.S. Soup, partly offset by a decline in U.S. Sauce. Within the segment, the growth in operating earnings was primarily driven by productivity improvements and high volume -- at higher volumes, sorry, partly offset by increased promotional spending and higher administrative expenses. Earnings in Global Baking and Snacking increased 1% to $84 million. Strong earnings gains in Pepperidge Farm were partially offset by a decline in Arnott's and the unfavorable impact of currency. For the segment, higher sales were mostly offset by a lower gross margin percentage and increased administrative costs. Operating earnings within Bolthouse and Foodservice increased by $15 million, including a $17 million contribution from Bolthouse Farms and a decrease in earnings from North America Foodservice. Bolthouse delivered results consistent with our acquisition plan. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 20%, primarily due to cost inflation and sales declines, partly offset by productivity improvements. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings decreased by 22% to $14 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower earnings in the Asia Pacific region and Mexico. On Slide 38, you can see that U.S. Soup sales for the quarter rose 4%, driven by strong gains in ready-to-serve soup and broth. Sales of condensed soup were comparable with a strong prior year quarter, which had experienced 14% growth. For the current quarter, increases in cooking varieties were offset by decreases in eating varieties. Ready-to-serve soup rose 9%, primarily driven by volume gains in 100% Natural as we increased promotional activity in conjunction with the transition to Campbell's Homestyle Soups. Sales also benefited from the first year sales of Campbell's Go Soups. Broth sales increased by 13%, primarily driven by double-digit gains in aseptic broth. Campbell's measured consumer takeaway in wet soup for the quarter was up 3%, ahead of category growth. For the fiscal year, U.S. Soup sales increased 5%, with gains across all 3 categories. Condensed sales increased 2% for the year; ready-to-serve sales rose by 9%, driven by volume gains in Chunky canned soup, which benefited from new varieties, increased promotional activity and the return to NFL advertising. Broth increased 4% for the year. U.S. Soup consumer takeaway for the fiscal year rose about 4%. On the next slide, we take a look at our market share and U.S. wet soup category performance in the past 52 weeks. The category as a whole rose by 3.5%. Our sales in measured channels rose 3.7%, with gains driven by ready-to-serve soup, condensed soup and broth. Campbell had a 59% market share, an increase of 10 basis points, a better performance than prior year. All other branded players collectively had a share of 28%, with private label having a share of 13%. These figures were sourced from SymphonyIRI multi-outlet reports and were based on dollar sales. On the next slide, you see the fiscal year -- the fiscal year results for continuing and discontinuing operations combined. Net sales increased 11% to $8.6 billion, reflecting our acquisitions of Bolthouse Farms and Plum. Adjusted EBIT increased 6% to $1.3 billion. Fiscal year adjusted earnings per share were $2.64, an 8% increase versus the prior year. The increase reflected EBIT growth, the benefit of lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by higher interest expense. For the fiscal year, in continuing operations, we reported net sales of $8.1 billion, a 12% increase from the prior year, primarily driven by the acquisition of Bolthouse and Plum. Organic net sales increased by 2%. The organic sales gain was primarily driven by growth in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking, partly offset by declines in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverages. Adjusted EBIT increased 6% to $1.2 billion, primarily due to the acquisition of Bolthouse, which contributed $63 million of EBIT this year. Excluding the acquisition, EBIT was comparable to prior year, reflecting sales growth and lower marketing expense, offset by higher administrative expenses, higher selling expenses, a lower gross margin percentage and higher research and development expense. Fiscal year adjusted earnings per share were $2.48, a 7% increase versus the prior year. The increase reflected EBIT growth, the benefit of a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by higher interest expense. For the fiscal year, our reported net sales for continuing operations increased by 12% with acquisitions, primarily Bolthouse contributing 11 points of growth. Organic sales excluding acquisitions increased 2%, reflecting 1 point of volume mix growth and 2 points of pricing, partially offset by the negative impacts of increased promotional spending of 1 point. You'll note that the detail does not add to the total due to rounding. On a segment basis, organic sales growth in Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals was partially offset by declines in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverage. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 190 basis points to 37.3%. The decline was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms. Excluding that, the impact of cost inflation and increased promotional spending were mostly offset by productivity improvements and the benefit of higher selling price. The inflation rate in cost of goods sold was approximately 3%, as expected. Marketing and selling expense increased by $6 million to $947 million. The increase was driven by the addition of Bolthouse expenses and higher selling expense, mostly offset by lower marketing spend, principally reductions in advertising and consumer promotion expenses. A&C expense for fiscal 2013 declined 12% to $419 million compared with the prior year. Administrative expense increased $97 million to $677 million, primarily due to acquisitions and higher incentive compensation costs. Net interest expense increased by $19 million for the year due to the higher level of debt to fund the Bolthouse acquisition. The adjusted tax rate declined by 130 basis points to 29.8%, primarily due to lower state taxes, including the favorable resolution of certain matters and an increase in U.S. manufacturing -- in the U.S. manufacturing deduction. Adjusted net earnings from the continuing operations increased 6% to $786 million, driven by EBIT growth and a favorable tax rate, partly offset by higher interest expense. Adjusted EPS were $2.48, a 7% increase versus the prior year. EPS benefited from 2 million fewer shares outstanding. Fiscal year segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 45. Sales of U.S. Simple Meals increased by 4%, with gains in both U.S. Soup and U.S. Sauce. As mentioned earlier, U.S. Soup sales rose 5%, driven by gains in ready-to-serve, condensed and broth. U.S. Sauce sales grew by 3%, primarily driven by growth in Prego pasta sauce and Pace Mexican sauces and the launch of Campbell's Skillet Sauce, partially offset by lower sales in other Simple Meal products. Global Baking and Snacking sales increased by 4%, fueled by gains in Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. Pepperidge Farm sales increased on the strength of solid growth in fresh bakery and Goldfish snack crackers and sales gains in cookies. Sales at Arnott's increased primarily due to gains in Indonesia. Sales for the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment were $1.3 billion, with Bolthouse contributing $756 million. Organic sales excluding the acquisition declined 8% compared with a year ago. The sales decline in Foodservice was primarily due to the loss of the major restaurant customer and higher levels of promotional spending. International Simple Meals and Beverage sales were comparable to the prior year, as gains in China, Canada and Latin America were offset by sales declines in export and Asia Pacific. Sales of U.S. Beverages decreased 4%, with sales declines in V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion, which were partially offset by sales growth in V8 Splash. Fiscal year operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased by 11% to $731 million. The increase reflected strong earnings gains in U.S. Soup, partly offset by a decline in U.S. Sauce, which included investments in new products. Within the segment, the increase was primarily driven by a higher selling price and productivity savings, partly offset by cost inflation. Earnings of Global Baking and Snacking increased $1 million to $316 million, reflecting growth in Pepperidge Farm, mostly offset by lower earnings at Arnott's. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 10% versus prior year, primarily driven by lower sales and lower gross margin percentage, partially offset by reduced advertising expense. Operating earnings within the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment increased 36% or $31 million. The increase included $63 million from the addition of Bolthouse Farms and a decrease in earnings for North America Foodservice, driven by lower volumes and an increased promotional spend. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings increased 2% compared to the prior year. The rise in operating earnings is primarily due to China, reflecting lower marketing expense, partially offset by lower gross margin percentage. Cash flow from operations was $1 billion for the fiscal year compared to $1.1 billion in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to increased working capital requirements, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures of $336 million rose from $323 million a year ago. As we previously announced, we suspended the strategic share repurchase program at the end of fiscal 2012 in order to reduce the debt incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However, we continue to repurchase sufficient shares to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt rose to $4.1 billion, an increase of $1.7 billion, primarily due to the acquisitions. For the fiscal year, the company paid dividends of $367 million. Turning to Slide 48. In fiscal 2014, we expect continuing operations to grow sales by 5% to 6%, adjusted EBIT by 5% to 7% and adjusted EPS by 3% to 5% or $2.55 to $2.60 from a base of $2.48. Fiscal 2014 comprises 53 weeks, 1 additional week compared to 2013, the benefit of which is expected to be largely offset by the anticipated impact of currency translation. We expect acquisitions to contribute approximately $300 million to sales growth, 1 percentage point of EBIT growth and $0.02 of EPS. In connection with the accounting for the new business model in Mexico, we expect a decrease in both sales and cost of sales of approximately $40 million in the international segment, with no impact on EBIT. Thus, our organic sales growth expectation is 2% to 3%, with an additional 3 points of sales growth expected to come from acquisitions, net of the impact in Mexico. We continue to expect inflation in cost of products sold at 2% to 3% and productivity gains of approximately 3%. Net interest expense is expected to be comparable with the prior year. EPS growth reflects the impact of a significant increase in the tax rate, which is estimated to return to a more typical range of 31% to 32% in fiscal 2014. This guidance range assumes no share repurchase under our strategic share repurchase program in fiscal 2014. We anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $350 million. As we look ahead, we expect the current retailer inventory levels and holiday timing may constrain sales growth in the first quarter. In addition, our significant new product launches and an associated increase in marketing spending are projected to put pressure on the first quarter's profit growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thank you, Craig. At this time, Mary, we're going to conduct our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Mary?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Craig, I'm wondering, I guess, why for both the fourth quarter and the full year, even when you exclude the negative mix impact on gross margin from the addition of Bolthouse, maybe why we haven't seen more significant gross margin expansion? Just because some of the high-margin businesses obviously did quite well over the course of this past year and in the fourth quarter, meaning Simple Meals, Pepperidge Farm and such. So a little more color on that would be helpful.
B. Craig Owens: Sure, Andrew. Certainly, the success of soup this year has been a positive influence on gross margin. A more negative influence would have been somewhat higher promotional spend for the year. It brings us back to about flat at gross margin, excluding the impact of rolling in the acquisition.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And any thoughts on just how that might look as we think forward for the year, coming into '14 around gross margin?
B. Craig Owens: As we look at gross margin, and I think maybe we said this at Analyst Day, we see slightly mitigated inflationary pressure, and we continue to forecast pretty good results from our enabler program and productivity savings. Those should largely be offsetting. We've got a price increase that we talked about in our condensed soup line. That will not have quite as much positive impact as last year's increase because we have not moved up promotional price points. So you've got some positives and some negatives. I guess, it would be slightly positive to gross profit as we look -- to gross margin as we look forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to circle back on Europe. I guess, I was surprised by the profitability there and the impact on earnings. Seems like you've given us all the bad but none of the potential good on this. So can you talk a little bit about the magnitude of stranded [ph] costs, the path to potentially working those down, anticipated proceeds, potential tax leakage and then use of that cash?
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to stranded costs, there's about $10 million of overhead that has previously been associated with Europe, so that's not included in the discounted (sic) [discontinued] ops line. It moves back into corporate as we change the accounting there. Since the deal has not been completed, we are not disclosing at this point the sale price. And as we look forward, we expect, assuming everything goes well with the consultation with works councils and government approvals that we would probably close the deal in the first quarter, and then we'd have all the detail out on the sale proceeds and the tax impact there.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, I look forward to those details. The $10 million of overhead and just staying on overhead, I noticed admin expenses for the firm overall as a percentage of sales are at a decade high. You're talking a lot about productivity. Why aren't you going more aggressively after attacking some of these costs?
B. Craig Owens: Well, so inside of the administrative costs, particularly as you look at the quarter, there's -- we're cycling last year below target, incentive cost payments with higher payment levels this year. We also have, for the year, as we look back, higher pension expense and higher health benefit costs. If you start to strip out some of those impacts, we have what we would call good results in our SG&A cost, particularly at the corporate level. And we continue to look at that. If you think about productivity overall, we had a great year in our enabler program inside of cost of sales. We had -- we were right at 3%, maybe slightly over 3% and would expect to be there again next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess, the first simple question was did you give an interest expense guidance number for '14?
B. Craig Owens: I think we did not give an interest guidance number for '14. It should be about flat to '13.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then, I guess, kind of a larger strategic question is just I know over time, we've been pointing to kind of the weakness in soup. '13 was an anomaly, frankly, on the sales side, and Andrew just asked a question on the margin side. But when Denise kind of points to the soup going from 40% to 1/3 of total sales, I mean, how do you think about that over the next 3 years or so on a margin basis, just considering that is the highest margin area of the business? So as you act upon the dual mandate and move into these higher growth areas, is the expectation that growth kind of post-'13, both on a sales and a profitability basis, could be a little bit lower in soup? I'm just trying to get a little color on how you think about the potential negative margin mix as you move forward within the dual mandate.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I think it would be a mistake to focus on margin in exactly the way that you suggest there. I mean, we look at getting -- trying to optimize top line and bottom line growth. The change in mix, first of all, the soup brands that we will potentially divest in Europe are at considerably lower margin than the soup brands that we have and continue to hold in the U.S. business. I think Europe's overall EBIT margin is around 12%. And the businesses that we are adding, while they are somewhat dilutive to margin, the question is really whether they're adding top line and bottom line growth at returns that are good for the capital that we're investing in. Really, nothing that we've invested in is in any way cannibalistic against any of our core business. So we're focused on growth, top line and bottom line, and we're very focused on return. And then margins are, of course, an important metric and something that we look at constantly on an operational basis. But I think to think about those sort of segment by segment is probably the better way to think about it.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up. What you said about the 12% Europe margin, and I believe we got an e-mail about that this morning as well, it looked like the actual segment, the full segment came in at like 11.9%, it seemed like, for the year, plus or minus. So is it fair to say that the margin in Europe for the segment could have actually been a little bit higher than the actual segment? So there could be some potential margin -- there can be a positive margin mix shift for soup globally. But for that actual segment, there could be a little bit of pressure in '14?
B. Craig Owens: I think it's very close, right? The divested businesses are pretty much right on top of the margin for the total segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, my question, one quick one on the follow-up to -- I think it was Jason's question. So this $2.55 to $2.60 range, that basically, at this point, doesn't assume any use of proceeds. I assumed that would be to pay down debt post the sale of Europe. Any tax benefit associated with that? Who knows? Or I guess, whatever positive -- would that lean you towards the high end of the range once those -- once the sale goes through?
B. Craig Owens: So Eric, in there, there is about $0.01 of assumption on debt reduction.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you've assumed some benefit or some of the divestiture proceeds, et cetera, but maybe not the stranded overhead exit?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I think we've taken -- in effect, I think we've taken sort of the most conservative stance there as we've looked forward, both with respect to the proceeds and their use, as well as to the stranded overhead. So the stranded overhead is still in there. We intend to take some action to try to identify offsetting savings. As you might imagine, it's not so easy to directly find that stranded overhead in the corporate headquarters mix and take it out. Europe was not that big a business for us. There aren't many people at corporate that are directly associated with Europe. So it's more a matter of finding offsetting savings than it is targeting Europe-related costs.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The other point to make is although we've assumed debt reduction in fiscal '14, all things the same. It will accelerate the data, which we'll return through share repurchase in the future.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then to Denise, I guess, I'm a little -- just broader picture, it seems as if a bunch of the food companies that have reported of late have kind of indicated a somewhat more sluggish consumer than maybe the -- a lot of the management teams had seen in the spring. I guess, I know you can't necessarily comment on Walmart specifically. But our retail analyst was out there the other day, and they were kind of suggesting a little bit more price aggressiveness to drive volume, along with coordination on new products. You're calling out today some excess inventory levels, which will crimp the fiscal first quarter results. So can you just kind of talk a little bit about kind of what you're seeing from the consumer as we move through the summer? Is the trade deloading issue kind of a reaction to the slower growth? And kind of how the portfolio then sets up for what seems like a somewhat tougher environment all of a sudden?
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. Eric, I think for us, the last couple of years have been looked at as a very challenging consumer and retail environment. And we continue to accept that as a given and run our play despite that. And I do think that your observation is correct that particularly in the recent quarter, it has been a little bit less robust. But that said, I think that is the operating environment we're in, in the food business, and people still have to eat. So we're going at it pretty aggressively. In terms of the inventory, I think I'm going to let Craig handle that one coming out of the fourth quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I mean, just the facts are that as we came out of the third quarter -- in the third quarter, so a big soup quarter, we had sales about 4 points ahead of consumption. I think our sales were about 14, consumption about 10. We had a much smaller delta in the fourth quarter, but again oversold by maybe 30 basis points or so what the consumption data said. So we're just recognizing the fact that as we come into the first quarter this year and retailers start to go into their build mode, their inventories will go up in total. But there may be a little bit of a drag on sales versus consumption as they come back to more normal levels. The other thing in that -- in the quarter that's sort of mechanical is that because of the calendar, Thanksgiving's load-in -- pre-Thanksgiving sales are largely going to be a second quarter event this year instead of a first quarter event. So that also weighs on the quarter a little bit.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: And this is Jennifer. That's mostly stuffing and condensed soup and broth, things like that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then, I'm sorry, just last follow-up to Denise. You're -- you've obviously made a lot of portfolio changes, and that's kind of -- that's challenging for an organization but necessary, and I think what you've done is logical so far. Is -- are you at a point now where you kind of feel that -- you've made 3 acquisitions, one big divestiture, is this kind of what we have to work with for the moment? Or if more deals come along, you're ready, willing and able?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think it's fair to say that we are continuing to look for smart external development if it makes sense in our categories. The year we've had this year has been unusually busy. And I -- look at the fact that over the last 2 years, we've identified targets, and a lot of them hit this year. We will have years that are active and years that are a little bit drier. But we're going to be very, very disciplined about external development and make sure that we really believe that anything we bring into Campbell's will add extra value for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede from Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Denise, in your press release, you talked about having optimized the drivers of demand for U.S. Soup. Combined with the fact that the innovation this year is maybe a little bit less breakthrough than you had last year, does that imply that the organic growth rates that you've had in soup in fiscal '13, that's as good as it gets and will be hard to get back to that kind of level? And kind of related to that, is there ever going to be a point where you shift the focus of your dual mandate more towards the growth part of it rather than maintaining the strength of the core?
Denise M. Morrison: I really think that the dual mandate, with a focus on both strengthening the core and expanding into new growth spaces is the right way to think about it. We really do believe that the best source of value creation is really by having a robust core business, especially because our core is so profitable. And so we do have our resources actually focused against driving growth there and also expanding into the faster-growing spaces. I was pretty happy with the growth of soup this year and expect that to continue, while we drive more growth in those faster-growing spaces. I think that's a formula that gets us to our long-term growth targets and beyond.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If you've got support from weather and you've got support from a lot of new innovation and you've got support from, as you put it, optimizing the drivers of demand, what's going to be the incremental benefit that you get in fiscal '14 to maintain the growth rate? Why wouldn't it slow down again in U.S. Soup?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, the drivers of demand are really all about improvements in execution. So when you think about what we're doing in 2014, I mean, we've improved the taste and quality of many of our flavors and recipes. We have a whole new line of ready-to-serve soup coming to market with Homestyle that capitalizes on a consumer need that's really well researched. We do have continued emphasis on the faster-growing premium segment, which we continue to bring new users into the category. So we're pretty -- Chunky has a very strong program. Condensed has new advertising. So we continue to work on the programs, the advertising, the consumer promotion, the innovation and making sure that we get the right shelf configurations. All of those basics are really important in this category. So we're pretty positive about U.S. Soup.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question for you, and it's a bit of a follow-on from an earlier question. But I know you had like a little benefit in the quarter from 100% Natural in trying to work that product off the shelf. I think it looked to me like the Homestyle product got on the shelf pretty quickly. And I guess, I also -- so I'm just curious how that benefited U.S. Soup in the fourth quarter. I think you've indicated, certainly, Q1 is a little bit of a lapping issue from the inventory. And then also, could you talk about the new product benefit in the soup business for the year like roughly what that contributed to revenue?
B. Craig Owens: Well, so you're right, Chris, we did have -- we had some promotional push to just try to accelerate that switch out of 100% Natural to Homestyle. In the quarter though, the sales were only ahead of consumption by 30 basis points, so it wasn't a dramatic inventory push. Again, we're mostly looking back to the third quarter and just recognizing that we built some inventories that haven't come out completely yet, some disparity between sales and consumption. So that -- the 100% Natural product moved through the shelf, were moved out to retailers and then moved through the shelf and then off as you recognized in your comment about the trade, and we're pretty happy with where we are in terms of merchandising and shelf presence with 100% -- sorry, with Homestyle as we come into the year.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Most of the RTS sales gains in the quarter comes from 100% Natural.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So like the Go Soups or the Slow Kettle, all of the new varieties, do you have like a rough contribution of what that added to sales maybe for the year or even for the quarter?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes. For the year, it's about 1 point.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
Dennis Geiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Dennis Geiger filling in for John. Could you discuss what you're seeing in shelf-stable juices as it relates to the pricing environment and what your expectations are for the discounting environment going forward?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Shelf-stable juices have been, as a category, under pressure from competition in fresh and really the proliferation of specialty beverages. There is a bifurcation going on, where the value part of the category is performing very well, and we're seeing that in our sales of V8 Splash, as well as the super-premium beverages in the fresh perimeter, and we're experiencing that in our Bolthouse Farms business. Where we've been under pressure has been really in the V8 100% Vegetable Juice and the V-Fusion line. And we have plans in 2014 to introduce a new V8 V-Fusion Refreshers product, which is -- has a light and refreshing taste, which we believe will add some new news to that part of the category and stimulate some sales. We continue to push our V8 V-Fusion + Energy, which is also a hot trend in the category, and then the expansion of our kids' juice boxes as well. So we do have plans to reinvigorate the growth of that business and -- but I was pretty disappointed with it this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to follow up on some of the big picture food question. I think Eric got into that a little bit. But I want to be specific on something. The food stamp program is expected to see some declines in what's being issued, I think, in November. Number one on food stamps is do you have any kind of number for us about what you think your exposure is to food stamps? And then number two, specifically to the November cuts, do you think that, that has any effect on your business?
Denise M. Morrison: David, we're not expecting the reduction of the supplemental nutrition assistance program to have a material impact to Campbell's.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right, well, that's clear. And then just one quick follow-up on the debt, Craig. I think you said interest expense is expected to be flat year-on-year. I believe you've got...
B. Craig Owens: I said interest -- yes. Interest expense, yes, right.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I think you have 2 bonds coming due though, 2 $300 million bonds. Is this -- what's your expectation here? And maybe with those things coming due and being retired, why wouldn't interest expense be down?
B. Craig Owens: I think one of them expires right at the very end of the period, so it won't have much impact. And the Kelsen coming on is sort of the offset, right, the Kelsen debt coming in, which wasn't in last year's number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Denise, I just wanted to focus a bit on your comments because you talked a little bit about building brand equities. And clearly, you've taken some strong steps toward this end and deserve a lot of credit for that. But I guess, one part I'm curious about is promotions, right? I mean, and I mentioned this at the Analyst Day. It's the seventh straight year you had higher promo spending that cut into your gross sales. And I think the general perception is that promo spending can impair equity growth -- brand equity growth, not help it. So I'm just curious how you think about kind of balancing the decision to raise promo spending with building brand equities, and whether those 2 can kind of coexist or whether that's not even the right way to think about it.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think our higher promotion spending has been linked largely to the battles we're fighting in beverages and also in the Arnott's business in Australia, as that market has changed, and also in the highly competitive Foodservice business where we've experienced some structural changes with the advent of group purchasing organizations. That said, Ken, and I really do believe this, getting the right marketing mix between the advertising and consumer promotion and the customer and shopper marketing that's going on is more complex today than it has been in the past. And we're wrestling with things like TV versus digital, which may show up as a lower expense, but reaching a targeted audience that we need to get to. So I think that on a by business basis, the approach we're taking is to go business by business, looking at competition and then figuring out what's the best marketing mix for each business that gives us the best growth at the best profit. And so that's how we're approaching it.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One really quick little follow-up. You mentioned that the promo spending was sort of focused on a couple of areas. But as I look down your promo spending for the -- each of your 5 segments, it was a headwind to every single segment. So how do I think about that in correspondence with what you said it was sort of focused on 1 or 2 areas?
Denise M. Morrison: Well again, I think that we go business by business and look at competition, what it takes to win against the drivers of demand in each of those businesses. And for example, in the soup business, when we looked at our advertising, we were way above the spending level of competitive Simple Meals. And so we've adjusted that and we're channeling our advertising and consumer promotion against new product innovation and new news in the category. But all of these brands are well supported from an advertising and consumer promotion standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Craig, just one more speculative, I guess, question on the European business divestiture. I mean, given the eventual closing of that transaction and the proceeds you expect to receive there, do you think that increases, over the course of the next year your flexibility to or the likelihood of considering dividend increases or reinstatement of share buybacks at some point?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I guess the literal answer to that question is yes, but I don't think it changes anything in the way that we think about our priorities. We haven't -- while we've done a lot -- while we've had a lot of activity over the course of the last year, we still feel like we've got some balance sheet capacity. We have said on dividends that we would expect to grow roughly with earnings but also keeping an eye on where the total food group is in terms of payout ratio. We've said that we continue to look for acquisition targets that we think are value adding over time. So none of that changes. But yes, it brings some cash in and gives us a little bit more firepower.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just with respect to the share repurchases, should we consider that still an open issue over the course of the year? Or is that more likely to be a fiscal '15 dynamic?
B. Craig Owens: So the guidance we gave assumed that we do not restart. Clearly, if we get the European deal closed and that creates some proceeds, you could think about that as moving forward, but I'm not sure it would move into '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Craig, just a quick question. I want to make sure I understood. I was a little surprised that the 53rd week is fully offset by foreign exchange. Could you just -- how much are you estimating the 53rd week is worth?
B. Craig Owens: It's a little bit less than 2%. It's a smaller quarter for us than average. The week is in the fourth quarter, right? It's a summer week, so it's a little bit less than average, but yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the translation is, I guess, most of it is really the Australian dollar, U.S. dollar exchange?
B. Craig Owens: Yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is there anything -- you're just assuming current exchange rates today. There's nothing unusual about that calculation?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I mean, typically, unless we see something really peculiar, we're not forecasting movement. We're just taking current spot and assuming that, that's where we are for the year. And that's the case in this guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta from Barclays.
Unknown Analyst: This is Casey Overlander [ph] on for Priya. Could you elaborate on your plan for the upcoming October maturity and also any additional color on debt reduction plans going forward?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, Casey [ph]. Thanks for the question. I think for the October maturity, our expectation would be that we would pay that off, would not issue another long-term instrument and that would be part of our cash use for the year, right?
Operator: Our last question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just can you give a little bit more color on Bolthouse and perhaps a little bit on Plum just in terms of what you've seen from the business from a positive standpoint? And perhaps you can comment on anything that perhaps hasn't gone as well as you planned and how you're dealing with that.
Denise M. Morrison: This is Denise. I'll start with Bolthouse. First of all, we were really pleased with the performance and the integration of Bolthouse Farms in their first year as part of Campbell's. They continue to have a very robust innovation pipeline. Going forward, they're nationally going to launch a baby carrot snack product called Shakedowns, which we're pretty enthused about, in addition to continuing the momentum on their super-premium fresh beverage business and salad dressings in the refrigerated produce section. As I said in my opening comments as well, we're very excited about the potential for V8 Harvest, which is the first V8 entry into fresh juice. So all in all, we think that from a business standpoint, that's gone really well. Culturally, we've been able to keep their entrepreneurial spirit and provide them with some of the resources and the scale that Campbell has to offer. In terms of Plum, it's still early days, and Plum is in the process of being integrated into our North America platform, while retaining a team of very talented entrepreneurs that have joined the Campbell family. And we've got nice expectations for the expanded distribution of that business to get us more access in the super premium -- I'm sorry, the premium organic baby food business. And that's a nice addition to our kids business, which is about $1 billion right now.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Akshay, and thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. As I mentioned before, our 10-K, hopefully, we will file historical information for continuing ops and discontinued operations, as well as international segment and corporate segment implications of the way we're recasting our numbers. If you missed any of our call, the replay will be available about 2 hours after our call concludes by dialing 1 (703) 925-2533. The replay passcode is 1620135. You have until September 12 at midnight, at which point, we'll move our earnings call to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, in our News, Events, then click on Recent Webcast & Presentation. If you're a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. Thank you for staying with us on this slightly prolonged call. That concludes today's program. You may now disconnect, and have a happy Labor Day weekend.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer K. Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. Denise will kick us off today with her perspective on the third quarter. Craig will then give you the financial and segment results for the quarter, our 9-month highlights and expectations for fiscal 2013. After that, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app, which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 2 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K -- I'm sorry, Slide 3, and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Campbell completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms 1 week into this current fiscal year. The acquisition is now included in our results, and it drove most of the year-over-year changes in our first 5 -- 9 months. In September, we announced a restructuring program designed to improve our U.S. supply chain cost structure. Our third quarter reported results reflect $20 million pretax of costs associated with that program. Last, we signed commercial agreements with 2 companies in Mexico in February, and our third quarter reported results reflect $1 million of associated pretax costs related to those agreements. Our remarks today for the balance of our presentation will be on an adjusted basis, including Bolthouse Farms' operating results for 38 of the 39 weeks, but excluding its transaction costs and the restructuring charges. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures, as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials, also can be found on our website accessible online or on your mobile device with the Campbell IR app. I've got one more thing to plug. We'd like to cordially invite our analysts to our annual Analyst Day at Campbell World Headquarters. This year's event will be held on the morning of Wednesday, July 24, and will feature presentations by Denise Morrison, Craig Owens and several other Campbell leaders. It will also be your opportunity to meet 2 of them who are new, including Luca Mignini, our new President of Campbell International; and Jeff Dunn, Head of Bolthouse Farms. After the formal remarks that day, we'll offer Q&A before concluding our Analyst Day with a very tasty luncheon, featuring Campbell and Bolthouse products. We hope you'll join us either via webcast, or better yet, live at World Headquarters here in Camden, New Jersey. Watch for more information later. And with that, let me turn it over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. As you've seen in our earnings release this morning, we are very pleased by our results for the third quarter. Our net sales were up 15% or 4% excluding the impact of Bolthouse Farms, which we acquired in the first quarter of the year. Our adjusted EBIT was up 9% or 3% excluding the acquisition. Our adjusted EPS was up 11%. These results were driven by outstanding sales and profit gains in U.S. Simple Meals, led by our U.S. Soup business whose sales were up 14%. There were also strong contributions from Bolthouse Farms and solid sales performance in Global Baking and Snacking, including both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. As you've also seen, we revised our previous guidance for the full year. We now expect to end the fiscal year with both net sales and adjusted EBIT at the high end of the growth ranges we previously forecasted for the year and adjusted EPS above our previous guidance. In my comments this morning, I'll offer my perspective on the performance of our Soup business in the quarter and comment on the progress of our innovation program in U.S. Simple Meals. I also want to talk about our plans for improving the performance of 2 businesses that did not do well in quarter 3: U.S. Beverages and North America Foodservice. I'll say a few words about Global Baking and Snacking and Bolthouse Farms. Finally, I'll offer some thoughts on how our results for the third quarter relate to our overarching strategy for the business. Craig will then provide a more detailed review of our third quarter financials, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. So first, U.S. Soup. Our U.S. Soup business delivered exceptionally strong third quarter performance. Condensed sales increased 11%, sales of our ready-to-serve soups increased 18% and sales in the broth business also rose 18%. Overall, the top line in U.S. Soup grew by 14% for the quarter. These are clearly impressive results. For the most part, we delivered these results by doing what we said we would do in our Soup business, focusing relentlessly on improving our execution against the drivers of demand. We've improved product quality and packaging. We have more effective advertising and consumer promotion and better in-store merchandising. Our new product varieties have been well received by consumers. Our price realization has continued to work. Our Chunky soup franchise posted strong double-digit growth in the third quarter behind a number of brand-building initiatives, including increased promotional spending, introduction of new varieties, improvement in quality and a return to more impactful NFL-themed advertising. Overall, we have maintained competitive levels of advertising while reducing less productive spending and supporting new product innovation. There's little doubt that we had some help from the weather in the third quarter and for the soup season, although it's hard to quantify the impact of that factor with any precision. Colder weather clearly helped Soup sales in the quarter as we cycled last year's weather, which was one of the warmest winters on record. We also delivered stronger execution and laid the groundwork for sustainable growth. We are very encouraged by the progress we've made in this business. Year-to-date, both Campbell Soups and the wet soup category in the United States have grown 4%. We are confident that we can now drop the word "stabilize" in our strategy and focus on driving sustainable, profitable growth in North America Soup and Simple Meals. While I'm on the subject of U.S. Simple Meals, I'd like to comment on our progress in innovation. As I just mentioned, strong sustaining innovation has had a positive impact on the performance of our Simple Meals portfolio. Appealing new product varieties and a resolute focus on improved quality are helping us reinforce and expand the vitality of our brands with our loyal consumer base. But as you know, we're also working hard to expand our core franchise in North America to reach new consumer groups and a new generation of consumers. In combination, Campbell's Go soups and Campbell's Skillet Sauces added approximately 1 point of growth for U.S. Simple Meals, both in the third quarter and year-to-date. While sales are still small, we're committed to these products and are pleased by the potential they've shown. Let me explain. Premium shelf-stable soup is a fast-growing segment of the Soup category, with higher retail price points and primarily out-of-the-can packaging. Campbell's Go is the third entry in our premium shelf-stable soup platform, following Campbell's Slow Kettle and our Gourmet Bisques. The rate of repeat on Campbell's Go soup continues to be strong. Our challenge with this product is to build trial, which was impacted by the timing of our marketing efforts. Since we've turned on our marketing, which has been largely digital, we've seen improvements in sales in this line. Campbell's Skillet Sauces are a breakthrough concept with a high potential for reward. With this product, we're working with our customers to create an entirely new category of unique, convenient and versatile dinner sauces. Because this is a new idea, retailers across the country have shelved the product in many different locations in the store, and those locations did not create the scale necessary to capture the attention of shoppers. Additionally, the resets in these various sections occurred at different times of the year, so with some retailers, we had a later start than we had planned. We now have a clearer understanding of the best way to shelve our new dinner sauces, and this will be a major thrust for us in fiscal '14. But the good news is, is that consumer repeat is very strong. Those who try it buy it again. And as I mentioned at CAGNY, next year we will expand this platform with the launch of Campbell's Slow Cooker Sauces, which address another large dinner behavior. Compared with our sustaining innovations, like our new varieties of Chunky soup, sales from our breakthrough innovations in Simple Meals remain small, but I'm neither surprised nor discouraged by the fact that we've had some growing pains in introducing brand-new ideas into the marketplace, and we've learned a lot from the launches this year. In fiscal 2014, we'll refine our approach to the accessibility and appeal of these product lines, and we anticipate that over time, both of these platforms will contribute meaningful growth to our portfolio. I want to turn now to U.S. Beverages and North America Foodservice, whose third quarter performance were disappointing. First, Beverages. Campbell now competes across a broader spectrum of the immense beverage category than we did a year ago. With our acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, we are now actively participating in super premium fresh beverages, a fast-growing segment in which we're performing quite well, with retail sales up more than 20% this year as measured by IRI. Our historic roots, of course, are in shelf-stable juices, a category which has been and continues to be weak in the U.S. We compete in the premium segment of the shelf-stable category with V8 100% Vegetable Juice and V8 V-Fusion, and in the value segment with V8 Splash. The value segment is currently one of the bright spots and V8 Splash is doing nicely. We will continue to market it aggressively. The premium segment of shelf-stable juice is weaker than the total category and that is where our issues are now. Our core V8 100% Vegetable Juice business is down, and over the past few years, new players have entered with other fruit and vegetable blends that compete with our V8 V-Fusion line. Our innovation in this space has had mixed results. As I've said before, we believe that we can improve the performance of our shelf-stable beverage business by taking a page from the playbook we've successfully used in U.S. Soup. So we're focused now on 2 things: the first is laser-like attention to the basics, with excellence in execution against all the drivers of demand. We've recently improved the quality of our V8 100% Vegetable Juice products and returned to a proven advertising campaign. Next year, we'll enhance our packaging. Second, we're focused on expansion and faster-growing spaces in this category. Our V8 V-Fusion + Energy drinks and new V8 V-Fusion juice boxes for kids are performing well, and we're growing distribution and increasing marketing support behind these promising new products. We also plan to launch other new products in the fourth quarter and next year. V8 is a very strong brand, with unsurpassed credentials in health and wellness. Over time, I believe we can reverse the declining trends in our shelf-stable beverage business. We're taking the right steps to do that, and we'll provide more details on our plans at our Analyst Day in July. I'll now move to North America Foodservice. Although about half of our -- of consumer food dollars are spent in away-from-home eating occasions, the trends in the food service sector, particularly restaurants, continue to be affected by consumers' close management of their discretionary spending in the aftermath of the economic downturn. Our own Foodservice business has been challenged due to the loss of a major restaurant customer and by structural changes in the sector that have caused us to increase trade spending at the expense of margin. However, our fresh soup business in the retail perimeter continues to be a bright spot, with net sales up 8%. Going forward, we believe we have significant opportunity to grow with national restaurant chains, especially QSRs, and to expand our retail fresh perimeter soup business. We've invested in a new manufacturing line to increase our capacity to make fresh soup, which will enable our expansion in this space. We're also taking a close look at the business model for our core Foodservice business. Core Foodservice is becoming more complex, more expensive and more commoditized. Industry consolidation and restaurant cost pressures have reduced profitability for manufacturers, and as you would expect, we're focused on keeping our costs down. We're moving aggressively to improve the performance of North America Foodservice in the short term, while laying the foundation for longer-term growth. Before I conclude, I want to say a few words about 2 other important Campbell businesses: Global Baking and Snacking delivered solid top line performance in the third quarter, with organic sales up 6%. At Pepperidge Farm, there were strong sales gains in both our Goldfish crackers and our Pepperidge Farm cookies. Sales in fresh bakery grew double-digits over the prior year. The shelf-space opportunity triggered by the Hostess bankruptcy contributed to our bakery gains in the quarter. Our improved execution also played a role. We plan to hold on to some of the shelf-space gains even after competitors return to the market by continuing to demonstrate to customers what an expanded premium offering can do for their business. We're also pleased to see solid sales growth in our Arnott's biscuit business, with increases in both savory crackers and sweet cookies and continuing growth in Arnott's business in Indonesia. Finally, the addition of the Bolthouse Farms business remains consistent with our plans, and the business is performing very well on both the top and bottom lines across carrots, salad dressings and super premium beverages. Beverage innovations launched by Bolthouse this spring are exceeding expectations. We believe this has been a great acquisition for Campbell, and we continue to be extremely excited about the platform it provides us to expand in the fast-growing package fresh category. I'll close by offering some brief perspective on the big picture. We have said that our overarching goal is to position Campbell for sustainable, profitable net sales growth by executing against a dual mandate: To strengthen our core business and to invest for long-term growth in faster-growing categories, adjacencies and geographies. We believe that we're making good progress in advancing our plan and in our efforts to change the growth trajectory of this company. Today, we are managing our core business with a clear view of the role of each business in the portfolio and working hard to optimize the value that each business can deliver. Superior execution and smart innovation are having an impact on our financial performance in Simple Meals and Baking and Snacking, and we've made significant strides in U.S. Soup. And across the portfolio, we're investing for long-term growth in faster-growing spaces, from package fresh to premium soups in the center aisle, to beverages, baked snacks and simple meals that resonate well with consumer groups that represent strategic growth opportunities for Campbell like Millennials and Hispanics. We're also investing in faster-growing markets like Mexico and Indonesia. We recognize that there is much more that we have to do to fulfill our dual mandate, including improving our performance in shelf-stable beverages and food service. We know what our challenges are and what we have to do to address them, and we expect to deliver improved results in the businesses that have been lagging this year. As we head into the final quarter of fiscal '13, we feel very good about the progress of the last 2 years. We're also excited about what lies ahead. We're still in the early days of executing this plan, but we believe our strategies are the right ones for Campbell, and we remain committed to them. You'll see us continue to execute against them with energy and unsparing focus as we look forward to ongoing dialogue with you about the results, particularly at our upcoming Analyst Day in July, where we'll provide more details about our fiscal 2014 plans. Now I'll turn the call over to Craig for a closer look at the third quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend a few minutes walking through our third quarter results and segment highlights, followed by a brief look at our year-to-date results. We'll wrap up with a full year sales and earnings guidance look. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion of results will exclude the impact of all restructuring programs for the current and prior years, as well as acquisition transaction costs. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $2.1 billion, a 15% increase, reflecting the impact of the Bolthouse Farms acquisition, which added 11 points. Excluding the acquisition, organic net sales increased by 4%, our best quarterly growth rate since 2009. EBIT adjusted for restructuring costs, which impacted both the current and prior year quarters, increased by 9% to $293 million. Of the adjusted EBIT increase, 6 points came from adding Bolthouse and 3 points from growth in the base business, primarily driven by a strong performance in U.S. Simple Meals. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.62, an 11% increase from the third quarter of 2012. As you can see on Slide 22, 11 points of the 15% increase in net sales were attributable to Bolthouse. The growth in organic sales reflected 5 points of volume/mix growth, pricing contributions of 1 point and the negative impact of increased promotional spending of 2 points. The favorable volume/mix was from gains in our 3 largest segments: U.S. Simple Meals, Global Baking and Snacking and International Simple Meals and Beverages. The pricing gains were primarily due to our previous list price increase on U.S. condensed soup, as well as increases in Canadian soup and in Pepperidge Farm. The promotional spending variance is primarily due to higher rates of spending in U.S. Simple Meals, U.S. Beverages and North America Foodservice. Excluding the impact of current quarter restructuring programs, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 210 basis points to 36.7%. The decline was primarily attributable to the impact of the acquisition of Bolthouse, which operates with a lower gross margin structure. Excluding that acquisition, the impacts of cost inflation and increased promotional spending were largely offset by productivity improvements, the benefit of higher selling prices and favorable mix. The inflation rate in cost of goods was approximately 3% for the quarter. Marketing and selling expenses increased by 2% to $262 million compared to $256 million a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by the impact of the addition of Bolthouse, higher spending to support innovation efforts and higher selling expenses, partly offset by lower advertising and consumer promotion spending. Despite a 7% decline in advertising and consumer promotion expense, primarily due to U.S. Soup, we had increased spending in Pepperidge Farm, and we continue to support our new product introductions. Our advertising in Simple Meals remains at competitive levels. Administrative expense increased $28 million to $172 million, primarily due to the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms and higher incentive compensation costs. Net interest expense increased by $4 million. The increase was due to the higher level of debt incurred to fund the acquisition. Average interest rates on our total debt portfolio were lower. The adjusted tax rate increased by 20 basis points to 26.3%. The current and prior year quarters both benefited from adjustments to reflect lower taxes on foreign earnings. The tax rate in the quarter was lower than the previous forecast, and I'll speak to the impact on the year when I address guidance. Adjusted net earnings increased by 8%, and adjusted net earnings per share increased to $0.62 for the quarter, reflecting EBIT growth, higher interest expense and a small decline in diluted shares outstanding. Third quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 25. Our U.S. Simple Meals segment achieved strong sales growth of 11%. Within the segment, U.S. Soup sales rose by 14%, driven by double-digit gains in ready-to-serve, condensed and broth. U.S. Sauce sales increased 3% compared to the prior year, as gains in Prego pasta sauce and Pace Mexican sauces were partly offset by declines in Campbell's canned pasta. Sales also benefited from the introduction of Campbell's Skillet Sauces. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment also achieved strong organic sales growth, up 6%, with increases in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. The sales increase in Pepperidge was driven by growth across fresh bakery, crackers and cookies. Frozen sales declined. In the bakery business, we continue to benefit from the market exit by Hostess, with volume gains across most of the portfolio. The snacks business had another strong quarter, reflecting solid growth in Goldfish snack crackers and a strong sales performance in cookies. Sales at Arnott's increased, primarily due to sales growth in Australia in savory crackers and sweet cookie varieties and strong results in Indonesia. Organic sales for our International Simple Meals and Beverages segment increased 3% compared to the prior year. Strong sales gains in Europe and Latin America and growth in the Asia Pacific region were partly offset by declines in Canada. Sales in Europe increased due to volume gains in Germany, France and Belgium. In Asia Pacific, sales increased due to growth in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Japan, partially offset by sales declines in Australia. Sales for the Bolthouse Farms and North America Foodservice segment were $344 million, with Bolthouse contributing $205 million. Organic sales, excluding the acquisition, declined 10% compared to a year ago. The sales decline in North America Foodservice reflects the loss of a major restaurant customer and continued higher levels of promotional spending in our core Foodservice business. U.S. Beverage sales decreased by 5% in the quarter, primarily due to the decline in V8 Vegetable Juice. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals on Slide 27 increased significantly, up 30% to $156 million this quarter, as we continue to improve the profitability of this business. The increase reflected strong earnings gains in U.S. Soup, partly offset by a decline in U.S. Sauces, which included investments in new products. Within the segment, the benefit of higher volumes, increased selling prices and productivity improvements were partly offset by increased promotional spending. Earnings at Global Baking and Snacking were comparable to prior year. Growth at Arnott's was offset by the impact of currency. For the segment, higher sales were offset by increased marketing spend and administrative costs. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings increased by 8% primarily due to higher earnings in Europe. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 27%, primarily due to lower volume on 100% juice varieties, cost inflation and increased promotional spending. Operating earnings within Bolthouse and Foodservice segment increased by $7 million, composed of a $17 million addition from Bolthouse Farms and a significant decrease in earnings from North America Foodservice. As with sales decline -- as with the sales decline, the earnings decline in Foodservice is driven by a customer loss and higher trade spending. Bolthouse Farms is delivering results that are consistent with our acquisition plan. U.S. Soup sales for the third quarter increased 14%, driven by double-digit gains in each of the 3 large categories. Sales of condensed soup rose 11%, driven by double-digit gains in eating varieties, which benefited from increased promotional activity and price realization. Ready-to-serve soup increased 18%, primarily due to significant volume-driven gains in Campbell's Chunky canned soups. Chunky performed extremely well in the quarter, benefiting from new varieties, increased promotional activity and a return to NFL advertising. Sales also benefited from the launch of Campbell's Go soups. Broth sales increased 18%, benefiting from higher levels of promotional activity, which drove double-digit volume gains in aseptic broth. Our measured consumer takeaway in the quarter was a robust 10%, ahead of category growth. Sales also benefited from an increase in resale inventories. Year-to-date, U.S. Soup sales increased 5%, primarily driven by a 9% increase in ready-to-serve soup. Sales of condensed increased 2% compared to the prior year, while broth sales increased 3%. U.S. Soup consumer takeaway for the first 9 months was up about 4%. On the next slide, we look at our market share and category performance based on the past 52 weeks for the U.S. wet soup category. The category as a whole rose by 4%. Our sales in measured channels rose 3.4%, with gains driven by ready-to-serve soup, condensed and Swanson broth. As Denise mentioned, improved execution and the benefit of a colder winter have contributed to very healthy growth. Campbell's had a 59% market share in the wet soup category, which includes condensed soup, ready-to-serve and broth. All other branded players collectively held a share of 28%, with a 13% private label share. These figures are sourced from SymphonyIRI's multi-outlet report and are based on dollar sales. A brief recap of year-to-date results begins on Slide 30. In the first 9 months, we reported net sales of $6.8 billion, an 11% increase from the prior year, primarily driven by the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms. Organic net sales increased by 2%. The organic sales gain was largely driven by growth in U.S. Simple Meals, and Baking and Snacking, partly offset by declines in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverage. Excluding restructuring and acquisition transaction costs, adjusted EBIT increased 6% to $1.1 billion. 4 points or $46 million of the increase was attributable to the Bolthouse operating results. While 2 points of the growth came from the base business, primarily driven by earnings gains in U.S. Simple Meals, partly offset by declines in North America Foodservice. Year-to-date, adjusted earnings per share were $2.19, an 8% increase versus the prior year. The increase reflected EBIT growth, the benefit of a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, partly offset by higher interest expense. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 170 basis points year-to-date to 37.2%. The addition of Bolthouse drove most of that change. Excluding the acquisition, the impact of cost inflation and increased promotional spending were largely offset by productivity improvements and the benefit of higher selling prices. The inflation rate and cost of goods sold was approximately 3% year-to-date. Marketing and selling expense were $813 million, essentially flat to the prior year. Our planned reduction in marketing spend, principally a 12% reduction in advertising and consumer promotion expenses, offset the impact of Bolthouse Farms and the higher selling expense for the total company. Administrative expenses for the quarter increased by $65 million, primarily due to the acquisition and to higher compensation and benefit cost, including increases in pension expense. Net interest expense year-to-date increased by $14 million due to the higher level of debt to fund the acquisition. The adjusted tax rate declined 9 basis points to 30.3%, primarily due to the resolution of state tax matters and recent changes in U.S. tax law. Consistent with EBIT growth, adjusted net earnings for the first 9 months increased 6%. Adjusted EPS, benefiting from fewer shares outstanding, increased by 8%. Cash flow from operations was $864 million fiscal year-to-date compared with $838 million in the prior year. Higher cash earnings and lower benefit plan distributions were partly offset by increased working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of $205 million were up from $173 million a year ago. For the year, we continue to forecast capital spend of approximately $330 million. As we previously announced, we suspended the strategic share repurchase program at the end of fiscal 2012 in order to reduce the debt incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However, we continue to repurchase additional shares to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt rose to $3.8 billion, an increase of $1.4 billion, due to the acquisition, partly offset by cash generation. For the first 9 months, the company paid dividends of $366 million, including an acceleration of the payment normally made in late April or early May. This morning, we revised our previous fiscal 2013 guidance. We now expect to grow sales at the upper end of the 10% to 12% range and adjusted EBIT at the upper end of the 4% to 6% range. The adjusted EPS, benefiting from a lower-than-expected tax rate and the improved EBIT outlook, is expected to exceed the previous range forecast of 3% to 5%. We now expect EPS to grow between 6% and 7%, in the range between $2.58 and $2.62. We are now forecasting a full year tax rate of between 30% and 31%. Our guidance includes the estimated impact of Bolthouse Farms and excludes the impact of acquisition transaction costs and restructuring charges. The Bolthouse Farms acquisition is expected to contribute approximately $750 million to sales and approximately $0.06 to our adjusted EPS, including the impact of suspending the strategic share repurchases. Thank you. With that, I'll now turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thank you, Craig. At this time, we will conduct the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Sean?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to focus on the rest of your business, aside from Soup. I think you've addressed some of the weakness in Beverages and Foodservice. I want to focus on the Baking side of the business. Top lines look great, but year-to-date, there's been no bottom line growth. Can you help us understand some of the drivers of the margin weakness there?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. In the Global Baking and Snacking segment, we have continued to cycle. If you'll recall, last year, we had a very difficult year in Australia. We essentially reset trade spending levels in that market. And through the first 3 quarters of this year, we have been cycling against that reduction and then against lower gross margins. The Pepperidge business has performed at a stronger rate than that through the first 3 quarters, and we are -- I guess we're probably about flat in gross margin at Pepperidge through the first 3 quarters of the year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When are you done cycling that Australian trade spend adjustment? And also, if you could comment a little bit on sort of wheat cost here, where your inflation number sit and what the outlook is going forward?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So we should finish cycling the Australian trade adjustment in the fourth quarter. We should -- yes, in the fourth quarter. And if you look at the inflation forecast, this year, of course, has been a tough one on flours and grains, particularly in the early part of the year. I think as we look forward, we would expect, although it's a little early to tell in terms of timing of crops and whatnot, we would expect a more normal inflation rate in those businesses next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess in Campbell's base business, excluding Bolthouse, perhaps if I'm doing my math right, maybe the gross margin was still down a bit in the quarter, despite a really strong, obviously, top line performance from the high margin Soup business. Final part of that is obviously trends in Beverages and Foodservice. But trying to get a bit of additional color maybe on the magnitude of gross margin and the change in the Soup and Simple Meals segment, just to give us some comfort that the operating leverage that one would expect from that type of sales growth in Soup was what we'd expect it to be or wasn't compromised in any way.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So gross margin on Soup and Simple Meals did show a positive impact of the leverage that you'd be looking for. We don't disclose precisely, but it was up over 150 basis points in the quarter. And you're right, the things that were depressing the gross margin x Bolthouse would've been NAFs and U.S. Beverage, both of which had pretty significant declines in both -- in gross margin, largely related to increased promotional spend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my question goes -- I think, Denise, maybe it was your comment about -- or maybe it was Craig's, about consumption being less than shipments. Is it your sense that -- is this a timing issue year-over-year given the -- how warm it was a year ago? Or is this have to do with the retailers being a little bit more optimistic about the category? Obviously, with your share, you've got good visibility into what's going on in the shelf. So maybe you could talk a little bit about that excess inventory.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So measured consumption was about 10%, sales were about 14%. That implies -- and the tracking data that we have where we help manage inventory, would say that retailer inventories were up a bit. I think the good news is that most of that inventory was and is on the floor and we would expect to be moving. It's always a little difficult to forecast. You asked if it was a timing issue, difficult to forecast the fourth quarter. It's such a small quarter. And inventories are certainly going to drop in the fourth quarter, and the question is how much they drop relative to what they dropped last year. But you'd probably expect some of that to come back in the fourth quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so you don't sense that it -- because I think we've gone through several years of inventory declines at retail as the category has shrunk. It isn't -- you don't think it's a -- well, I mean, granted you're going into the summer, but you don't think it's a function of the retailers becoming a little bit more optimistic about shelf space?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think the really strong sales in the quarter have sort of a natural inflationary impact on inventories. I mean, sales were terrific. They were beyond our own expectations. I think they were probably beyond the retailer expectations. And so as you went through the quarter, I think you saw higher order rates and maybe some of that will stick, Eric. But retailers have got -- I think the primary reason you've seen inventories drop is that retailers have gotten better and better at managing inventory, and we've gotten -- we continue to have really high service levels and are reliable and so they feel like they can operate on thinner inventories.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And if I could just -- last follow-up. Denise, you sounded a bit more cautious about the new products versus the last couple of calls. Was there like any of the inventory build in the soup to-go line? Is it that material that it could have had an impact? Or maybe you can just address how much more spending do you think is necessary to get trial up on -- or sorry, repeat up on the products?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. If I came across as cautious, that's really not the right tone I was trying to set. I'm actually very optimistic about the platforms of the pouched Go soups and also the dinner sauce segment. What I was sharing with you were some of the lessons learned from this year's season. Because one of the things that we do in running an innovation agenda is we track what went right and what didn't and what can we learn from it and then how do we reapply so we get better in the next round. And so we've got very, very, very high hopes for these platforms, and we believe they'll continue to build over time. The thing that I really watch is the repeat rate because right now, the challenge we have is just to build trial because the repeat is really strong. So those that do try it buy it. And what we also are seeing is that it is attracting affluent consumers and more Millennials, which was what the objective was. And that's been highly incremental to the franchise.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one follow-up to Andrew's question on the Soup margins. Can you just say, again, was it volume leverage that predominantly drove the margin expansion or was it better balance on pricing inflation -- and inflation, Craig?
B. Craig Owens: Largely volume, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Then my main question is just on advertising and consumer promotion. So it's somewhat odd, perhaps, to see just the incredible performance of Soup, and then in conjunction with that, the comments that A&C spending are down on Soup. So Denise, can you talk about the A&C spending on Soup? Can we -- can you reduce it further because some of it would apparently maybe be just ineffective? So is there just A&C that we can cut out that wasn't really doing anything, but yet this Soup business, with the new products and other activities, can continue to grow?
Denise M. Morrison: I would largely agree with your assessment. I think that you can expect that advertising in fiscal '14 will not be higher as a percent of sales on the base business, but we will continue to be advertising at competitive levels, and I'm talking about the Soup and Simple Meals business here. And we will be funding and advertising our new product innovation. We have and continue to eliminate unproductive spending. And I also believe that we have made incredible strides in terms of the effectiveness of our advertising. And the example is Chunky soup where we did return to the NFL-themed advertising, and that resonated very well with consumers. But I think advertising has to be viewed as only a part of the marketing mix. I mean, we've made quality improvements. We've had new varieties that have added some news to the base and excitement, and we've also had much more effective promotion on the brands. So I think all in all, advertising is finding its way in the marketing mix.
B. Craig Owens: But David, I wouldn't expect to see further significant cuts in advertising as we move forward. As Denise said, I don't think we'll restore the spending because it looks like what we're doing is working. And of course, we'll continue to look for where there's ineffective spending to cut that out. But I think if you think about it in terms of total level, probably not big reductions left.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If I could just ask what your thoughts are right now on the international M&A environment, just given sort of your prior commentary on opportunities to grow into geographic adjacencies. And one housekeeping item, if you could provide your D&A number for the quarter?
B. Craig Owens: So I think the question on the international environment for M&A is, as we've said a number of times before, we do believe that we can find opportunities internationally to get us into markets that, for the long term, sustainability of growth for the business would be good for us because they're faster-growing markets than our core markets. I think that we've also said, and it also continues to be true, there are not a huge number of targets out there, and the targets that are out there tend to be pretty hotly contested. We have a pipeline. We started working that pipeline as we -- as Denise came in to the CEO position and we sort of shifted our focus on M&A. We have -- you haven't seen us make an international acquisition yet, and that's largely a result of the fact that we're going to be pretty disciplined as we look at these things. Some of them take time because they're family-owned businesses, and it's a matter of building relationships and waiting for the moment when the family is ready to exit and sell. So we keep working at it, we continue to be disciplined. We think we'll eventually land some good opportunities, but obviously not going to comment on any specific situation.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. To build on that, in addition to M&A, we are also pursuing partnerships where they make sense. So for example, our partnerships in Mexico with Jumex and La Costeña to do a distribution and manufacturing agreement for the Beverage business and the Soup and Simple Meal business is pretty exciting for us. So we'll continue to look for those opportunities as well.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: To address your last question, the depreciation and amortization for the 9 months is about $318 million, and that's up significantly versus the prior year because it includes accelerated depreciation on our restructuring programs and also includes Bolthouse Farms.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Denise, you basically announced the Soup business stabilized today. But where would you have to get the U.S. Beverage business to make that same kind of announcement? Is there any kind of top line growth rate or margin target that you have in mind? And if so, which one would be more important, top line or margin?
Denise M. Morrison: I'm not really giving guidance on the Soup business going forward at this point in terms of a number. But suffice it to say that we believe that we've focused on fixing the fundamentals on better execution, on a better optimization of the drivers of demand and a better understanding of the portfolio rules for these brands. And we believe that -- we can say we've stabilized and now we're going to profitably grow as we go forward.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I think on the beverage business, Thilo, the -- clearly, we are -- as Denise said in her opening, we're not happy with the declines. Part of it is category. The category shelf-stable juice has been very weak. Clearly, we're doing better with portions of that category. Our premium -- super premium fresh juices out of Bolthouse are doing very, very well. Our Splash entry in less than 100% juice is doing well. But the core of our business and the core of our profitability, the red juice business and the V8 V-Fusion business, have not done well. I guess by definition, stability would be to arrest the decline. But we think that over time, the beverage business can grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just did some quick weather math, trying to look at the number of heating days year-to-date 2013, and it looked like the number of heating days really weren't that different from 2011, '10 and '09. It really was 2012 was the anomaly. So I guess -- I know you said it's hard to predict or hard to estimate the impact of whether, but would you say that this was kind of a normal weather year or was it a colder-than-usual weather year 9 months year-to-date?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So it is both hard to predict and to quantify the impact of weather. And frankly, it's not something that we control, so we don't spend a lot of time focused on it. But if you just look at temperature swing, right, you're right, last year was the more unusual year. It was a very warm winter. This year has actually been slightly colder than normal. So the swing is about an 8-degree swing using the numbers that we have, and it has an impact. I mean, it's undeniable that it has a positive impact.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And lastly, on the dividend, I haven't -- have you looked at raising the dividend? And if -- and normally, it happens in fourth quarter, I thought. What's your status there?
B. Craig Owens: We have not announced any change to the dividend, don't intend to announce any change to the dividend in this call. It's an issue that the board continues to look at. If you think about over the last couple of years, Rob, we were down on earnings last year as we went through an intentional reset. We did not decrease the dividend. We held the dividend, and we've held it as we've sort of grown back to the prior level this year. I think I would look certainly to next year, we would expect to continue a positive trend and we would reconsider the dividend at that time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess I just wanted to follow up on the line -- on Rob's line of questioning a little bit. I know, Craig, it's difficult to quantify and certainly not something you can control on the weather. But are there like -- how about an 8-degree swing, like you clearly have some methodology internally for thinking about benchmarking performance versus weather. If I were going to try to go back and look either within seasons and say adjust, I mean, can you think of a methodology, the best way to do that? Do you look at days below 50 degrees or days below 40 degrees? And how does that vary across markets?
B. Craig Owens: Jonathan, I think the question itself sort of points to the difficulty, right? You have to get really granular. In other words, what parts of the country? What population centers? What was the weather change in specific geographies? And when did it occur? And honestly, that kind of dissection of weather is just -- I mean, frankly, we don't do it, right? And it's just not that useful because it's not something that we control. So again, at a high level, you can look at the numbers and you can say it had a positive impact, no question about it. We're going to keep our head down and keep working on the things that we do control. And we absolutely do not believe that weather was the primary driver of the improvement that we've seen. We think it's all the other things that we've been talking about, and you saw good share performance, for example, which is independent of weather and some other things that I think point to the fact that we're making some improvement. So we just -- I don't see the value of going as deeply as you'd have to go. And frankly, I think even once you got there, you wouldn't know much more than we know at the high level.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And just one quick follow-up, if you wouldn't mind, while we're on the topic of weather and seasonality. Is there seasonality to the margin of Bolthouse Farms? Or is this what appears to be 8% or so margin a good run rate going forward at the EBIT line?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, there's not -- I mean, yes, there's not much seasonality in the Bolthouse business, I don't think. If you think about their product line, it's -- the impact of weather, I think, is pretty minimal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Denise, so can you talk a bit more to the learnings you've gained during the first few quarters of bringing Skillet Sauces to market, particularly around in-store positioning and merchandising? And you talked about having a clearer understanding, but can you give us a sense of what your target or objectives are going forward? And just quick follow-up on that, do you feel that you still have a good first mover advantage in that category, because it seems like a lot of competitors have moved very quickly? And in order to maintain any advantage, do you really need to keep the level of innovation coming very quickly?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, first of all, we do know that it is more difficult to create new market segments. And what happened in the execution of Skillet Sauces is it was shelved in multiple store locations, and what that did was it impacted the reset timings to cut the product end. So as a result, we had a slower ACV build in some retailers than originally planned. The other thing is because it was shelved in multiple locations, it was more difficult for the consumer to find it and more difficult for us to say where it was in our marketing, couple that with the fact that marketing started in quarter 2. But since we started the marketing, we have seen a pickup in the sales, so that's encouraging. So we feel that we'll be working with retailers in 2014 on building out a dinner sauce segment in the store, and we'll talk more about how we're going to do this at Analyst Day. There have been some others that have come into the category. We believe that will add some scale to the segment, and we believe that our execution within that segment with Skillet Sauces and the new Slow Cooker will continue to give us the innovation to maintain the competitive advantage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So this is a question on advertising spending on the new products. From memory, I seem to remember that the advertising budget overall was down a bit this year as you shifted the emphasis more into cheaper digital advertising on the new products, and I think that was to target younger consumers. I guess going forward, are you planning to step up to more traditional TV advertising on those products? And is it possible that by using the digital approach, you may not have reached maybe some older consumers who might not be exactly the target audience but could still be a meaningful part of the sales base? And as a real quick follow-up, if I can sneak it in, are you able to parse apart the U.S. Soup pricing and volume this quarter?
Denise M. Morrison: Let me take the first part of your question first. Yes, we are planning on introducing TV advertising into the marketing mix on the new products. And we have seen that in addition to attracting Millennials and affluent consumers, the products are having broader appeal than what we expected, and that's a good thing. So the TV advertising does make sense. And then the -- I'm sorry, what was the acceptance about Soup pricing?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So the second one, on Soup pricing, as you remember, we had a list price increase on condensed soup coming into the year. The impact across the total Soup category for us was about 2% in the quarter, that would've been fully offset by increases in promotional spending. So net realized price was about flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Congrats on the core Soup sales strength this season. I was wondering if you could dig in to the reasons for this a little bit more. Obviously, we've talked about the percentage point lift to Simple Meals sales from innovation. Obviously, you also had the step-up in the frequency of promotions this year that was, I guess, partly funded by the advertising dollar spend. There was the weather, there was new Chunky advertising, reformulations I guess at the margin, which I guess are more of a focus going forward. Could you almost prioritize these things as you head -- not just look back on fiscal '13, but looking forward, how these proportions might shift in terms of the lift that you see to the Simple Meals segment?
Denise M. Morrison: It was a combination of all of the above. I think that the sustaining innovation that we had on the Chunky soup was very impactful. It added new varieties and new news to the base, and these have been incredibly strong. And you couple that with the NFL-themed advertising. And like I said in my upfront, I believe that, that really resonated with consumers. And I don't think it's any one thing. When we talk about optimizing the drivers of demand, that can look a little bit different by brand, depending upon where that brand is. So we're going to continue on that program.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the last question that was asked. Can you -- when you said 1 point was driven by innovation, I'm assuming that doesn't include innovation on other products and reformulations. Can you -- so first of all, am I right on that? And secondly, can you just talk more broadly about new products as a percentage of sales this quarter? That would be helpful.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. But we talk about innovation in 2 ways, we talk about sustaining innovation, which is news to the base. It's typically new varieties or line extensions. When we talk about breakthrough innovation, it's more disruptive, it's harder and it's designed to capture new consumer segments, new occasions or new usages. And so we do both and we talk about both. But in the innovation that I just talked about with -- it was really focused on Go soup and Skillet Sauces, which were more in the camp of breakthrough innovation.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Any -- can you give us a sense of, of that 10% sort of takeaway growth this quarter, how much came from the other sort of sustainable innovation? I mean, are you seeing better repeat rates or are you doing more trial? I'm just trying to get a sense of what's driving the consumption growth just to get a sense of why it could be more sustainable.
B. Craig Owens: I think one thing we can say on the Chunky business where we had the most significant number of new varieties, that that's a very impactful part of the growth of Chunky soup. It's harder for us to measure more broadly across the sort of Soup portfolio, but the incrementality of any specific item is on a quarterly basis. But the primary reason we don't break that out the way you're asking for it is because it's really difficult to quantify the cannibalization of a formula change or a new product. I think we'll come back probably at the analyst meeting and talk more broadly about the progress we're making and the contribution that, that is making to sales from our total innovation program.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And in total, we're measuring innovation as a percent of sales on a rolling 3, so we'll be able to share some of that by category with you at Analyst Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Craig, in terms of Global Baking and Snacking, it sounds as though there's really not a lot out there in terms of acquisition targets right now. But how much more can you do in terms of maybe joint ventures or even leaning on your Indonesian business more to drive a larger footprint in Snacking over in China. Is that something that you're considering or is it less a priority right now for you?
B. Craig Owens: No, it's absolutely something that we're considering. In fact, one of the things that we have done as we talked about broadening our footprint in emerging markets, we've been very active. Now realistically, they're pretty small, right? If you look at Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico. But we've been very active. You saw us announce a deal for our Soup and Beverage business to really restructure the way we're coming at it in Mexico and broaden our distribution depth very significantly in that market on Beverages. Likewise, we have been investing pretty heavily in our Indonesian business and been seeing a really robust growth rate in that business because of that investment. We're also looking at export models and the possibility and ability to move some of that product. We already have some export out of the Indonesian business but looking at whether we can expand that in Southeast Asia. So all of those things are on the table. I don't want to overstate them in terms of their size because they're still pretty small. But we're looking at all of those avenues.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, everybody, for hanging on an extra couple of minutes. Sorry, we didn't get to absolutely everyone, but we appreciate you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call and webcast. If you missed any of our call, the replay will be available in about 2 hours by calling 1 (703) 925-2533. The replay passcode is 1614133. If you're a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. This concludes today's program. Have a great week. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, our President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; and Anna Choi, the new senior manager of IR. Welcome, Anna. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update, as well as her takeaways from our segment performance. Craig will offer his take on the quarter, our segment results and our guidance. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media, who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. Our forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Campbell completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms 1 week into the year. The acquisition is now included in our results, and it drove most of the year-over-year changes in the first half. On September 27, we announced a $115 million pretax restructuring program designed to improve our U.S. supply chain cost structure. Our second quarter reported results reflect $42 million of pretax costs associated with that program. Last, we signed commercial agreements with 2 large companies in Mexico, which we announced yesterday. Accordingly, our reported results for Q2 include a charge of $6 million pretax for that. Our remarks today for the balance of our presentation will be on an adjusted basis, including Bolthouse Farms' operating results for 25 of the 26 weeks of the first half, but excluding the transaction costs and the restructuring charges. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures, as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financial information, can also be found on our website accessible by computer or with the Campbell IR app. In both places, next week, you'll be able to access Campbell's presentation at the CAGNY event, Consumer Analyst Group of New York event, in Boca Raton, Florida. We're presenting at 10:30 a.m. Eastern and then hosting the following luncheon. Our presentation slides will be available afterward in an archive. And with that, let me now turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today, I will offer my perspective on our performance and discuss specific segment results, highlighting what's working and areas where we face challenges. Additionally, I'll provide an overview of our breakthrough innovation efforts. Finally, I'll touch briefly upon the announcement we've made yesterday afternoon to expand our business in Mexico through access to manufacturing and distribution capabilities that we have not had before. I'll then turn the call over to Craig Owens, Campbell's Chief Financial and Chief Administrative Officer, to provide details on our financial performance. As I stated previously, our goal was to drive sustainable, profitable net sales growth. We're putting the consumer first in everything we do at Campbell as we turn around this great company. We're actively listening to consumers and engaging with them to understand their needs, and we're converting our insights into action to delight both our core baby boomers and other growing consumer segments. I'm also encouraged by the creativity and dedication of our people. All of this is beginning to have a meaningful impact on our business. We posted solid performance in the second quarter, with net sales up 10% and adjusted net earnings up 6%. Both net sales and EBIT are up 1%, excluding Bolthouse Farms. We achieved this growth while advancing our work on cost controls and productivity improvements across the entire company. Our laser focus on brand building and innovation has helped drive our sales growth. Most of our businesses performed well in the quarter. Sales rose in U.S. Simple Meals and in Global Baking and Snacking. The Bolthouse Farms business continues to deliver results consistent with our acquisition plan. For the first half, with the exception of our U.S. Beverages and North America Foodservice business, our organic sales trends improved in every business relative to its results in fiscal 2012. We are encouraged by this performance. We believe that we are well positioned to deliver our full year guidance of net sales up 10% to 12%, adjusted EBIT up 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS up 3% to 5%. I'd like to now offer a high-level perspective on our second quarter results in our reporting segments. I'll start with U.S. Simple Meals, a business that is clearly picking up steam. This business had positive sales and profit growth for both the second quarter and the first half. Sales increases were driven by improvements in dollar consumption and market share trends. In fact, as the second quarter progressed, consumption outpaced shipments. Our growth has also resulted in improved total wet soup category performance, with dollar consumption increasing over 3% for the category, as well as for Campbell during the quarter. We ended the second quarter with sales up 1% and earnings up 10%, and the first half with sales up 2% and earnings up 7% on this large and important business. This positive trend is largely due to our focus on brand building by optimizing all of the drivers of demand. It reflects continued investments in product taste, with new recipes on campbellskitchen.com and line extensions that have added new craveable flavors to the base business; new packaging graphics in ready-to-serve, particularly our Chunky soup line; refinements in brand positioning across the portfolio; and more effective and efficient marketing and promotion. Some of you have expressed concerns about our reduction in advertising spending in our Soup business. Our advertising spending continues to be at competitive levels, and it has also been more effective. For example, in our -- It's Amazing What Soup Can Do campaign has worked well for Campbell's condensed soup, but our Chunky brand got lost in this portfolio campaign. Well, Chunky is back to the NFL in a big way, and the Mama's Boys campaign is resonating with our male target consumers. In the second quarter, Chunky consumption was up double digits. Our new breakthrough innovations, specifically Campbell Go Soups in pouches and Campbell Skillet Sauces, achieved their ACV distribution goals. In December, we turned on the marketing, which was largely digital, and intended to connect with younger consumers. As planned, in the second quarter, we invested more in advertising to support these new product innovations. We are now in the early days of building trial. So far, the repeat is strong and purchases are skewed to the younger consumers who are the target demographic. While it's still too soon to judge the long-term success of these products, we're encouraged by the early results. These new products are contributing only about 0.5 point of sales growth in the quarter. Over time, we believe these breakthrough product platforms can contribute meaningfully to our growth. In the short term, sustaining innovation, such as the Chunky line extensions, have had even more impact to our growth. Moving on to Global Baking and Snacking, this segment also posted solid results in the second quarter, with organic sales up 6% and earnings up 4%. The Goldfish brand continues its positive momentum, driven by effective brand building and innovation. During the quarter, we increased consumption in our Pepperidge Farm sweet snacking business with a successful holiday season. We also delivered better execution and innovation focused on our iconic Milano cookies and on our soft dessert cookies, where seasonal varieties like pumpkin cheesecake and caramel apple pie were very successful. In addition, we gained additional shelf space and merchandising in our Pepperidge Farm fresh bakery business, partially as a result of the Hostess bankruptcy, but also due to better execution, as well as innovation in our line of Swirl breads. We expect that some of the gains resulting from the Hostess bankruptcy may be temporary. But in the meantime, we will continue to demonstrate what an expanded premium offering with the goodness of Pepperidge Farm can do for our customers and our consumers. Finally, despite continuing challenges in the retail and consumer environment in Australia, we grew biscuit sales in Asia-Pacific, both for the quarter and for the first half. The company delivered solid results for the quarter, however, I am disappointed in the sales decline in our U.S. Beverages business and the difficult conditions facing our North America Foodservice business. Although we posted a minus 3% sales decline in our U.S. Beverages business, our earnings grew 9% in the second quarter, and we realized 5% earnings growth for the first half. In the quarter, positive earnings were driven by reductions in marketing spending and productivity improvements. V8 Splash continued to grow, but not enough to offset declines in V8 original 100% vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion. Sales continue to be adversely affected by intense competitive activity in a sluggish shelf-stable juice category. We have started to ship our new V8 original 100% vegetable juice with improved taste and new line extensions such as Hint of Lime and Hint of Pepper. We're also focusing on new innovation in beverages to expand usage occasions with our V8 V-Fusion + energy drink and juice boxes for kids. We intend to step up our marketing support in the third quarter, but we recognize that we have more work to do in engaging consumers and managing our costs and expenses to improve the performance of this business. Our North America Foodservice business suffered from the loss of a significant restaurant customer, higher levels of promotional support and weaker consumer traffic in restaurants, all of which impacted the business. We are working through these issues. However, we expect to experience further declines in the second half in traditional foodservice, partially offset by growth in our retail fresh soup. Bolthouse Farms had a good quarter and a good first half, with solid performance across all 3 categories: carrots, super premium beverages and salad dressings. Both beverages and salad dressings increased dollar consumption and share. Increases in shelf presence in beverages and new product innovation were the key drivers in increasing same-store sales. Salad dressing continued to benefit from expanded points of distribution, as well as increases in comparative store sales. The integration is progressing according to our plan. Before I close, I want to touch on an announcement we made yesterday about our efforts to expand our international presence. We're very pleased to have entered into arrangements with Grupo Jumex and Conservas La Costena, 2 terrific companies in Mexico. These partnerships will give us expanded access to distribution and manufacturing capabilities that haven't been available to us in Mexico before. Jumex, the largest producer of fruit juices and nectars in Mexico, will manufacture and distribute Campbell's V8 portfolio throughout the Mexican market. La Costena, one of the largest producers of prepared foods in the country, will manufacture and distribute Campbell's soups, broths, and Italian sauces. We believe these arrangements will redefine the scope of our business opportunities in Mexico. In sum, we've now completed our first half with positive results, and we're looking forward to a second half of continued investment and profitable sales growth. Our leadership team is committed to delivering superior execution in both the base business and in new innovation. We're also continuing to build a robust innovation pipeline for next year. I'll talk about some of that at CAGNY next week and more at our Analyst Day in July. We look forward to continuing to share our results with you as we focus forward. Now I'll turn it over to Craig.
B. Craig Owens: Thank you, Denise, and good morning. I'm going to take a few minutes to walk through our second quarter results and segment highlights, followed by a look at our first half results, and then wrap up with a look at the full year sales and earnings guidance. As Jennifer mentioned, my discussion of results will exclude the impact of all restructuring programs for the current and prior years, as well as the transaction cost associated with the Bolthouse Farms acquisition. So for the quarter, we reported net sales of $2.3 billion, a 10% increase from the second quarter of 2012, reflecting the impact of Bolthouse Farms. Excluding the acquisition impact, organic net sales increased by 1% in the quarter. Excluding restructuring cost, which impacted both the current and prior year quarters, adjusted EBIT increased by 5%, or $349 million. Of the adjusted EBIT increase, 4 points came from adding Bolthouse and 1 point came from growth in the base business, primarily driven by strong earnings growth in U.S. Simple Meals. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.70 this quarter, a 9% increase from the second quarter of 2012. The increase reflected EBIT growth, the benefit of a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, partly offset by higher interest expense related to the acquisition. Our second quarter EPS results exceeded our initial expectations. U.S. Soup consumption performance exceeded our forecast, more than offsetting unfavorable retailer inventory movements and higher marketing spending behind innovation. As you can see on Slide 21, 9 points of the 10% increase in net sales were attributable to the Bolthouse Farms acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, the growth in organic sales reflected pricing contributions of 2 points and a negative impact of increased promotional spending of 1 point. The pricing gains primarily reflected our previous list price increase on U.S. condensed soup and increases in Arnott's in Australia and soup in Canada. The promotional spending variance is primarily due to higher rates of spending in International Simple Meals and Beverages, North American Foodservice and Pepperidge Farm. We continue to invest to remain competitive in all of these businesses. Excluding the impact of current quarter restructuring programs, our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 160 basis points to 36.8%. The decline was primarily attributable to the impact of the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, which operates with a lower gross margin structure. Excluding the acquisition, the impacts of cost inflation, increased promotional spending and unfavorable mix were largely offset by productivity improvements and the benefit of higher selling prices. The inflation rate and cost of goods sold was approximately 3% for the quarter. Marketing and selling expense was $297 million compared to a year ago -- sorry, comparable to a year ago. Lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses were offset by higher spending to support innovation efforts, higher selling expenses and the impact of the addition of Bolthouse. Advertising and consumer promotion expense declined by 14%, primarily due to declines in U.S. Soup and U.S. Beverage. While advertising and consumer promotion expense declined in total, we have significantly increased spending behind new product introductions. Administrative expenses for the quarter increased $20 million, primarily due to the acquisition and higher compensation and benefit costs, including a significant increase in pension expense. Below the operating earnings line, net interest expense increased by $5 million. The increase was due to the higher level of debt incurred to fund the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, partially offset by the favorable impact of lower average interest rates on our total debt portfolio. The adjusted tax rate declined 190 basis points to 31.8%. Primarily due to the benefit of various tax planning initiatives, we recognized lower taxes on foreign earnings in the current year. With the lower tax rate more than offsetting increased interest expense, adjusted net earnings increased by 6% for the quarter. We continue to benefit from our strategic share repurchases in fiscal 2012 as earnings per share increased 9% this quarter, reflecting a decline in diluted shares outstanding. Below the operating earnings line, net interest expense increased $5 million. The increase was due to the higher level of debt, as I said earlier, incurred due to the acquisition. Second quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown in the next slide. Sales of U.S. Simple Meals increased by 1%. Within the segment, U.S. Soup sales rose by 1%, driven by gains in ready-to-serve and condensed soup, partly offset by declines in broth. U.S. Sauce sales were comparable to the prior year as gains in Swanson canned poultry, Campbell's canned pasta, Pace Mexican sauce and the introduction of Campbell's Skillet Sauces were offset by declines in Prego pasta sauce and Chunky chili. Our Global Baking and Snacking segment achieved strong organic sales gains, up 6%, with increases in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. The sales increase in Pepperidge Farm was driven by growth across fresh bakery, crackers and cookies. In the bakery business, we benefited from the market exit by Hostess, with volume gains across most of the portfolio. The snacks business had another strong quarter, reflecting solid growth in Goldfish snack crackers and the national launch of Jingos! crackers. Benefiting from a very successful holiday period, we delivered a strong sales performance in cookies. Sales at Arnott's increased primarily due to sales growth across the portfolio on Australia, including savory crackers, chocolate cookies and sweet varieties. Indonesia delivered an excellent sales growth performance for the quarter. Organic sales for International Simple Meals and Beverages were comparable to the prior year. Strong sales gains in Latin America and growth in Canada were offset by declines in the Asia-Pacific region. Sales in Europe were comparable to the prior year quarter as sales growth in France was offset by lower export sales. In Asia-Pacific, sales decreased due to the declines in Australia and Japan, partly offset by growth in Malaysia. Sales for the Bolthouse Farms and North America Foodservice segment were $352 million, with Bolthouse contributing $195 million. Organic sales, excluding the acquisition, declined 10%, comparable with the year -- compared to the year ago. This sales decline in North America Foodservice represents a loss of a major restaurant customer and higher levels of promotional spending at both the distributor and operator levels in order to remain competitive. U.S. Beverage sales decreased 3% in the quarter, reflecting declines in V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion beverages, while V8 Splash sales increased slightly. The decrease in V8 V-Fusion was primarily due to declines in the existing business, partly offset by the growth in new products, including energy drinks and juice boxes. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased significantly, up 10%, to $191 million this quarter as we continue to improve the profitability of the business. The increase reflects strong earnings, gains in U.S. Soup, partially offset by a decline in U.S. Sauce. Within the segment, the benefit of higher selling prices, productivity improvements and lower marketing expense were partly offset by volume declines and cost inflation. The earnings of Global Baking and Snacking increased by 4%, reflecting growth at Pepperidge Farm, partly offset by lower earnings at Arnott's. For the segment, volume gains and productivity improvements were offset by increased promotional spend and cost inflation. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings decreased by 7%, primarily due to lower earnings in Canada, where cost inflation has outpaced higher selling price, net of increased promotional spending. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages increased by 9% for the half. Lower advertising expenses, which were largely timing-related, and productivity improvements were partially offset by volume declines and cost inflation. And finally, operating earnings within the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment increased by 7%, or $2 million. The increase included $15 million from the addition of Bolthouse Farms and a significant decrease in earnings from North America Foodservice. Consistent with the sales decline, the earnings decline in Foodservice is driven by customer loss and higher trade spending. We are pleased with the performance of Bolthouse Farms, which is delivering results consistent with our acquisition plan. U.S. Soup sales for the second quarter increased by 1%. Our sales performance was negatively impacted by a decline in retailer inventory levels. Our end market performance, as measured by consumer takeaway, increased about 3%, led by gains in both RTS and condensed soup. As you can see on the chart, our reported sales of condensed soup increased by 1%, driven by gains in eating varieties. Cooking varieties were comparable to the year-ago quarter. Ready-to-serve soup sales increased 8%, primarily due to volume-driven gains in Campbell's Chunky canned soups and the benefit of new items across the portfolio, slightly offset by declines in microwavable soups. Broth sales declined by 12%, primarily due to movements in retailer inventory, following increased shipments in the first quarter to support holiday promotions. For the first half, U.S. Soup sales increased 2%, primarily driven by a 6% increase in ready-to-serve soup. Sales of condensed soups were comparable to the prior year, while sales of broth decreased 1% for the half. U.S. Soup consumer takeaway for the first 6 months was up about 1%. On Slide 28, we look at our market share and category performance based on the past 52 weeks for the U.S. wet soup category. The category as a whole rose 2.2%. During the full year, our sales in measured channels rose by 0.2%, with gains in condensed soup and ready-to-serve cans mostly offset by weakness in microwavable bowls. Campbell's had a 59% market share of the wet soup category, which includes condensed, ready-to-serve and broth. All other branded players collectively held a share of 28%, leaving 13% for private label. These figures represent dollar share and are sourced from SymphonyIRI multi-outlet data. For the first half, we reported net sales of $4.7 billion, a 9% increase from the prior year, primarily driven by the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, organic net sales increased by 1%. The organic sales gains were primarily driven by growth in Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals, partly offset by declines in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverages. Excluding restructuring and acquisition transaction cost, adjusted EBIT increased by 5% to $787 million. 4 points, or $29 million of the increase, was attributable to Bolthouse Farms' operating earnings, while 1 point of growth came from the base business, primarily driven by earnings gains in U.S. Simple Meals. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.58 in the first half, an 8% increase from the first half of 2012. The increase reflected EBIT growth, the benefit of lower tax rates and fewer shares outstanding, partly offset by higher interest expense. In the first half, our reported net sales increased by 9%, with the Bolthouse Farms acquisition contributing 9 points. Organic sales, excluding the acquisition, increased 1%, reflecting an increase in pricing of 2 points, partly offset by the negative impact of increased promotional spending of 1 point. You'll note that the detail doesn't add due to rounding. On a segment basis, organic sales growth in Global Baking and Snacking, U.S. Simple Meals and International Simple Meals was partly offset by declines in North America Foodservice and U.S. Beverages. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined 160 basis points to 37.4% for the half. The decline was primarily attributable, again, to the impact of Bolthouse. The inflation rate and cost of goods was approximately 4% for the half, in line with our expectation for the full year. Marketing and selling expenses decreased by 1% to $551 million. The decline was primarily due to our planned reduction in marketing spend, principally a 14% reduction in advertising and consumer promotion expense, partly offset by the impact of Bolthouse Farm expenses and higher selling expenses. Administrative expense for the quarter increased $37 million due to adding Bolthouse Farms and incurring higher compensation and benefit cost, including increases in pension expense. Below the operating earnings line, net interest expense increased $10 million due to the higher level of debt to fund the acquisition. The adjusted tax rate declined 120 basis points to 31.7%, primarily due to tax planning initiatives, which lowered our taxes on foreign earnings. Consistent with EBIT growth, adjusted net earnings for the first half also increased 5%. Adjusted EPS, benefiting from fewer shares outstanding, increased 8%. Cash flow from operations was $499 million compared with $478 million in the prior year period. Higher cash earnings, including the addition of Bolthouse Farms, were partly offset by increased working capital requirements and higher pension contribution. Capital expenditures of $110 million were up from $97 million a year ago. For the year, we continue to forecast capital spending of approximately $330 million, including capital spending at Bolthouse. As we previously announced, we have suspended the strategic share repurchase program at the end of fiscal 2012 in order to reduce the debt incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However, we continue to repurchase sufficient shares to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt rose to $4 billion, an increase of $1.5 billion, due to the acquisition, partly offset by cash generation from the base business. For the first 6 months, the company paid dividends of $366 million, including accelerated payments of the January and April dividends. This total compares with $188 million paid a year ago. This morning, we confirmed our fiscal 2013 guidance. For the year, we continue to expect to grow sales between 10% and 12%, with adjusted EBIT growth of 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5%. Within these ranges, currency is expected to be neutral. We now expect interest expense to increase approximately $20 million, primarily due to the acquisition financing. The tax rate will still be between 31% and 32%. Our guidance includes the estimated impact of the Bolthouse business and excludes the impact of onetime acquisition transaction cost and those costs related to our restructuring programs. The Bolthouse Farms acquisition is expected to contribute approximately $750 million to sales and to add between $0.05 and $0.07 to our adjusted EPS, including the impact of suspending our strategic share repurchase program. Looking at the second half, the acquisition will have a more significant impact on our sales growth rate given our ownership for the full period and given the seasonality of our base business. While we expect EBIT growth to continue in the second half, our EPS growth will be negatively impacted by an unusually low tax rate in the back half of last year, 26% in the third quarter, 30% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Thank you. With that, I'll now turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Craig. At this time, we'll conduct a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'd like to get a little better understanding on this Mexican transition. And specifically, I have a few questions. So I apologize in advance. I'm just going to rattle off a few. First, can you give us a rough sense of how big your soup and beverage business is in Mexico right now, where the current distribution level stands, where you think distribution could go to over time? And then give us a sense of the time line for this transition and roll out.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So Jason, we don't disclose the size of the business. But it is relatively small, right, in Mexico, while we've been there for quite some time and have developed a reasonable soup business, given that the soup business there is not primarily wet soup. And lately, we've had a lot of success with our beverage business there. Our distribution model currently is primarily in the developed trade. And really, I think the primary impact of this change is that it's going to take us, in a much better way, down market and into the smaller mom and pops and the smaller outlets that are so important, particularly to our Beverage business in that country. The time line is that we will phase out of production really across the next several quarters. But fairly quickly we will move into distribution through the third parties. And so we'll start to see some of that impact us as early as the latter part of this quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Are you expecting any material impact on the overall margin profile of this business?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I don't want to get all deeply at this point into the accounting for this, but the margin will improve. We'll probably see a decline in our reported sales because of the structure of the agreement, but I think it'd be best for us to tackle that when we report the quarter where that impact begins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just want to clarify something. So if I understand you right, you're planning to increase advertising on V8 because you're not happy with the performance of the brand. You increased advertising on Chunky, and apparently the brand is reacting there, yet you're still planning to decrease advertising overall. Doesn't the success of your advertising show you that more advertising would be helpful?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Thilo, let me take that question. There's a number of different dynamics going on in different brands. And what we've been talking about is, for each brand, optimizing all of the drivers of demand. In the V8 situation, we believe that as we introduce our new V8 with improved taste and the Hint of Lime and the new energy drinks and the juice boxes on kids, increasing our advertising in the second half is a good way, as one of the drivers for that business, in addition to merchandising and the innovation and product improvement that I just talked to you about. In terms of Chunky, we -- the biggest change on Chunky was going back to the NFL and having advertising that was a lot more productive than when Chunky got lost in the Amazing campaign last year. We think that has been huge. So across the Soup business in general, our advertising investment is still indexing significantly higher than peers. But we've used media vehicles. For example, we shifted to higher-quality GRPs and doubled our network prime GRPs, which were much more effective for us. So we've made some changes in not only the advertising campaign in Chunky, but also in the media as well. So I think that it's -- suffice it to say, that we are looking at all those drivers by brand, and we're making the decisions based on the situation the brand finds itself in.
Jennifer Driscoll: And just a fact check. Advertising was down in Soup, not up as you said, Thilo.
Denise M. Morrison: Right.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But it was -- was it up on Chunky?
B. Craig Owens: No. It was down on Chunky. I mean, it's one of the things that makes it a good example of what we're talking about. We had great response to more effective advertising on Chunky and to some of the other things that we did in the marketing mix. But advertise spend on Chunky was down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess -- we heard from Kraft this morning of inventory deloading in some of their markets. Smucker's seem to have skated through without that, but you mentioned I guess broth as a challenge. Can you -- perhaps you can kind of go into what's happening with that? I think you broadly mentioned that you undershipped consumption. But in broth, it sounds like it was a pretty tough quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: The broth business was affected by the fact that we shipped our holiday broth program at the end of October. So it actually hit in the first quarter, which raised our inventory levels. And we actually guided for that as we entered into the second quarter. Overall, for the half, broth was down 1%. So I think, overall, what we found in the second quarter as our consumption, our dollar consumption on soup picked up, we actually were seeing dollar consumption. This is MULO [ph] of plus 3.2%, with our shipments only being up 1%. So we've been outpacing our shipments with consumption. But our inventory is only up slightly at the end of the quarter, and that's in anticipation of the programming that went against the Super Bowl.
B. Craig Owens: So broth was sort of the most extreme piece of that, Eric. But for the half, it's all pretty well squared up, even within broth.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess the challenges in Beverages are -- that's been going on for a while. But Foodservice, that's not a business that we really have talked about much at all, basically, I guess, because it's been relatively small and not all that impactful one way or the other. But it sounds like that's going the wrong way in a very rapid rate. What -- I guess, is there anything really that you can do other than try to gain some accounts back sooner versus later to offset that? And how much of a drag to, I guess, earnings do you expect that to be in the second half?
Denise M. Morrison: A large portion of our sales decline, as we said, was due to the loss of a key restaurant customer, but we've also had an impact in the bottom line due to increased promotional spending. The cost of doing business in these channels have increased for us. So we're working through programs with retailers -- or sorry, with restaurants and with operators. We have a campaign for customer acquisition, but this is going to take time, and that's why we've basically said that we do anticipate that over the next few quarters, this business will continue to face challenges. The one part of the Foodservice business that actually remains a bright spot is our retail fresh soup. And the other thing that's in our profit in this business is we're investing in new capabilities that will support our ability for new customer acquisition.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so to the question about the earnings hit, can you kind of give us some sense as to how much of a drag that's going to be?
B. Craig Owens: Eric, I don't actually see the trends getting a lot better in that business. I mean, as you've pointed out, the -- there are some step-change things that happen as you acquire or as you lose customers. We're on the negative side of that this year with a pretty significant restaurant loss. And we'll keep working on expenses and customer acquisition. But I think, realistically, we're going to see that business be a negative drag through the balance of this year, and then we will have cycled that customer loss.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just looking at your full year EPS guidance, which hasn't changed, but given the over delivery in the fiscal second quarter, I guess at the midpoint of your full year range, it implies essentially no EPS growth in the second half of the year. And I'm trying to get a sense of why that would be. Is it -- we already have the higher year-over-year tax rate in our model. Is it just the Foodservice issue you just talked about and some higher spending planned in Beverages? Or is there something else there that would lead the earnings growth to slow that much sequentially?
B. Craig Owens: Well, if you look at it half to half, Andrew, the delivery on -- the implied delivery on EBIT is not very much different. So it's all about what's going on below the line, and it's the combination of cycling the very low tax rate from last year in the second half. So in the first half of this year, tax was a small favorable as we went from EBIT to earnings per share in the first half, and it's going to be a big negative as we go from EBIT to EPS in the second half. And then you've also got the fading positive impact of the share repurchase program. We suspended share purchase at the beginning of this year. So on the first half, the positive impact from that was something like 3 points, and it'll be more like 1 point or so in the balance of the year. So those 2 things are really what's going on between EBIT and EPS differently between the 2 halves.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And you'd mentioned that condensed -- I think condensed sales were essentially flat for the half. And I know there were some concerns coming into the year that you were taking some pricing on condensed and what would the elasticity be. But it seems like, at least thus far, that's been manageable and -- so I'm trying to get a sense, is that level of elasticity essentially in line with what you had planned coming in or better? And what does it tell you about the, I guess, resiliency of that piece of the business and the role it can play in your broader portfolio?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Andrew, on the condensed soup, the performance has been better than what we expected in terms of the list price increase, and we're seeing that not only across the base but also the incremental.
B. Craig Owens: I mean, if you look at consumption data for the quarter, condensed was actually up about 3 points. So we're pretty happy with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that consumption in soup came in a little better than you expected. As you kind of look at kind of the underlying data there, does it look to you like that's a function of what you've been doing to kind of improve that business? Or was there perhaps just more of a benefit from kind of easy comps and some better weather year-over-year?
Denise M. Morrison: We have -- our conclusion on the performance this quarter really has been that our growth is driven by improved execution across the drivers of demand. We talked earlier on the call about the Chunky example, but if you think just in that one line, we've made taste improvements, we have had new innovation. In fact, 3 of the new varieties are performing in the top 5 of all RTS. We have had better positioning with the NFL. We're now being much more true to the brand target, dealing with satisfying the core male demographic. We've optimized pricing. We had better distribution and more impactful merchandising. So it's not a silver bullet. It's just been working with the brand and what it stands for in a much better way. In the advertising, we've kept it competitive levels, but we actually have more impactful advertising with the NFL. And quite frankly, you could say, "Yes, the weather had an impact," but it's really hard to predict or measure weather. So basically, we think it's that plus all of the other things we're doing on the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Actually, maybe just continuing on the question of Chunky execution. It must be quite unusual to have some of those brand-new SKUs be in the top -- the top of SKUs for that entire brand. Is that because they're getting an awful lot of new promotion and merchandising support? And if so, how long is that launch merchandising support likely to last?
Denise M. Morrison: I think it's a combination of the fact that we've had better quality merchandising and more frequency of promotion, not necessarily in the depths of that promotion that's really worked for the brand this year. And the new SKUs would be promoted, at least the new base SKUs, would be promoted with the rest of the line.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And the promotion for the new SKUs, that will continue -- is there unusual promotion on those new products? And how long does that typically continue?
B. Craig Owens: There's not a lot of differentiated activity on the new SKUs within the Chunky line, Alexia. I mean, they have done very well, and we are really happy about that. But I -- the Chunky line tends to get promoted, both base and incremental SKUs together, and we're just seeing really good response to some of the new flavor adventure that we've got in the new SKUs. So it's pretty good news for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Denise or Craig, just thinking about the industry and the environment here, it seems to be picking up a little bit. And I guess in light of that, just wonder if you can maybe share your vision in terms of Global Baking and Snacking to the extent that maybe there's some white spaces in your portfolio that you'd like to fill, or maybe certain geographies where a deal could enhance your leverage or enhance your growth. Just wondering if you have any thoughts there.
Denise M. Morrison: The Global Baking and Snacking business for us has been pretty robust. And we're seeing increases in sales in both the United States and in Asia-Pacific, across the savory and the sweet. And then in the United States, we did have a windfall in our bakery business due to the Hostess bankruptcy. We were able to get extra shelf space and extra merchandising. I think that we're encouraged by those results. I don't know, Craig, if you have anymore to add there?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I mean, we have said a number of times that part of our strategy is to be a little bit more active in M&A. One of the -- certainly, in terms of category, baking and snacking is interesting to us. So if we saw an opportunity to fill portfolio whitespace, as you put it, in some of our target markets with baking or snacking assets, that would be interesting to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a bit more of a big-picture strategic question. Incredible news yesterday, with Heinz going off the board here with a -- sorry, a non-strategic buyer, a financial buyer. Denise, I'd really like to hear your thoughts on -- it's always been one of my beliefs, and I think a fairly widely held belief, that the combination of Campbell's and Heinz would produce just tremendously powerful cost synergies on bringing those 2 companies together. You don't need to comment -- you're probably not going to comment on Heinz, but I'd like to hear your thoughts on this idea of extracting cost synergies in a really big-picture strategic sense as to what we can do with Campbell's. I mean, it does seem like there's some amazing opportunities. And to see a company like Heinz go off the board from a financial buyer who should have nowhere near the capabilities of bringing cost synergies like a Campbell's would, I'm just surprised that, that type of a transaction has happened and we haven't seen a Campbell's get involved with something like this.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, we found the news surprising yesterday as well, and we wish Heinz and all the investors well with their plans. I'm not really going to comment on that transaction. What I can comment on, though, is the fact that at Campbell's, we are constantly looking at ways that we can reduce costs and manage our margins in these businesses, and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a question on innovation. It sounds like some of the new flavors of Chunky have worked well. You also had Go soup and some other platforms with the idea that you wanted to broaden the shoulders of the brand, reach down into younger demographics. Could you speak to those new platforms, where there's a prospect of those being in-source because they're that successful from co-packing, which is my understanding, that those are being co-packed? And any insights there, that'd be great.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think the easiest way to deal with this is the fact that we've had 2 types of innovation. We've had sustaining innovation, which we've just talked about in terms of the line extensions to our base business, and then also the breakthrough innovation. The major breakthrough innovation that we've had in Soup and Simple Meals, as you've pointed out, is the Go soup and the Skillet Sauces. And to date, they've added about 0.5 point to our sales growth in quarter 2. Let me give you a little color on this. We reached our distribution targets for ACV, although it was a slower build. But we've completed that at the end of quarter 1. And just to give you an idea, that's about 70% in the MULO [ph], and in grocery, it's about the mid-80s. Therefore, once we achieve that, we turned on the marketing mid-quarter, particularly in digital and social media and then in-store, with sharper marketing and consumer promotions. Because right now, we're in a stage where we want to drive more trial with this new demographic of millennials. And the trial is building. And where we have trial, repeat is encouraging. And so we believe that this is going to take longer to create a franchise with this new demographic, but we're very committed to it, and this is the beginning of a platform to do so. In the case of Skillet Sauces, we're really making a market here because this dinner sauce segment does not exist. And so what we've found was customers placed the Skillet Sauces in some different locations in the stores. We're learning where they should be situated. We're reading the data on that throughout this introduction. But what we've come up with and we're talking to retailers about is we envision a new dinner sauce section in the store. And we recognize that it creates -- it's going to take longer to create a new category than building on line extensions. But so far, the retailer receptivity to this idea is very good. So we're pretty encouraged by these platforms, and we're going to continue to work them and build on them. And you'll hear more about that at CAGNY.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a question for you on the Foodservice business and just a follow-up. A lot of my other questions have been answered. So on the Foodservice side -- and obviously, the loss of a customer can hurt the business in the short run, but is there anything you need to do to that business to get it either -- whether it's from an investment standpoint or even a restructuring standpoint, I know you've got a pretty good plant there. But is there anything you can do from either of those sides to help kind of improve the performance for the new, if you will, Foodservice business?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I -- well, so we're working actually in both of those areas. We are putting in some new capability. There's been -- particularly around soup, we think that the market growth is more about ready-to-eat soup rather than our frozen soups, and so we're making some capital investment in one of our plants there and extending not only our capacity but also our packaging capabilities. With respect to restructuring, we've been through actually some restructuring of that organization. It improved our profitability last year and the year before. I think we'll retake a look at that. But the reality is that some of the pressure, in addition to the lost customer, is coming from the -- just pressure within the industry at both the distributor level and the wholesaler level as we see pressure on prices. So we're having to respond to that. We're being competitive. It is creating a difficult business environment for us that we think we'll work our way through it. But that's the reality right now in the marketplace.
Operator: We have Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just one quick one. The $297 million in marketing and selling expenses in the quarter you disclosed, if -- what would that have been roughly without -- I assume Bolthouse had some marketing and selling associated with it, but how much would that have been down on an organic basis? And I guess related to that, clearly you had -- did have some success with Chunky and in an environment of falling advertising expenses. So what is it that's special do you think about soup and maybe you’re ready-to-serve franchise that's allowing you to get growth where, I guess -- sort of industry dogma that you need to advertise to sell product deals to accelerate volumes incrementally?
Unknown Executive: Down 2%.
B. Craig Owens: So we would have been down 2% marketing and selling expense, Jonathan, excluding the impact of Bolthouse. I think, as we've said several times, I don't want to keep -- I don't want to be repetitive. But the reality is, Chunky is responding very well to a lot of activity that we have going on across the different drivers of demand as we talk about it. Advertising is a piece of that. It's an important piece of that. We think our advertising is more effective. We think the positioning, the more unique positioning on Chunky going sort of back to its roots and getting it out from under the umbrella advertising has made every dollar that we've spent on air more effective than it was last year. And as we've also shown, and we'll talk a little bit more about this at CAGNY, the -- although we are down, and it's appropriate for us to talk about that because it's a driver from year-to-year, although we're down on our advertising spend, we are still very fully spent if you compare us to sort of industry averages against our Soup business.
Operator: We have Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So it's a one-part question. I think this year management has demonstrated that they can stabilize the Simple Meals business. And operating margins, by my forecast, anyway, look like they're going to come in around 25%. They've come in 25% almost every year for the last 4 or 5 years. And I guess my question is, is stabilization good enough right now for that business segment? I mean, would you be happy with kind of like a slow 0 to 1% kind of pace of growth and 25% margins? And if so, are you concerned that there might be dilution to the margin for the portfolio overall as you concentrate your resources on growing kind of the lower-margin parts of the businesses like Beverages and Bolthouse?
Denise M. Morrison: All right. I'm going to try and really answer this question. First of all, stabilization of this business is not good enough. And we've always said that we want to stabilize and profitably grow the business. We recognize that the business as is, is capable of a few points of growth. And it will be the innovation that we bring to the business on top of what we have today that could take that growth higher. Some of those executions will be at a lower margin, but they'll be important because they'll be reaching different consumers than what we've been able to do to date, and bringing them into the franchise. But overall, Soup and Simple Meals will be a very profitable business for Campbell's. I don't know if you have anything else to add?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. And, Rob, you're right. If you focus on margin dilution, there probably will be some, right? We talk about entering faster-growing segments, faster-growing geographies. It's very unlikely that those new spaces will have the same kind of operating margin that Soup does. But to the extent that we expect those to be incremental growth, it adds to our total growth portfolio, I'm not so concerned about margin dilution per se. And particularly, when you put it on top of not only stabilized soup business but one that has had some growth to it and one that's benefiting from increased innovation, I think the formula starts to work pretty well for us if we get all those things going at one time.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A few points of growth? Was that a 2 or a 3 behind it for Simple Meals? Or is that how I should interpret that?
B. Craig Owens: Don't have a specific forecast on Simple Meal growth going forward.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you for your very active Q&A session. We'll switch to Denise for her wrap-up.
Denise M. Morrison: So in conclusion, I'd like to leave you with some key points. We're encouraged with our overall performance this quarter, as we continue to make progress on advancing our 3 growth strategies. Our U.S. Simple Meals business is clearly picking up steam, with positive sales and profit growth in both the quarter and the half. It's still too soon to judge the long-term success of our breakthrough innovations in U.S. Simple Meals, but early results are as we expected. And over time, we believe these products can contribute meaningfully to our growth. In Global Baking and Snacking, we posted solid results. Our Goldfish brand continued its positive momentum, and we drove increased consumption in our sweet snacking business. We also gained shelf space with fresh bakery. And in Asia-Pacific, we grew biscuit sales for both the quarter and the half. We have more work to do to improve the performance of U.S. Beverages and our North America Foodservice business, where we lost a significant customer. Bolthouse Farms had another good quarter, driven by innovation and increased distribution across its 3 categories, and we advanced our efforts to expand our international presence through agreements with Grupo Jumex and Conservas La Costena that will give Campbell expanded access to manufacturing and distribution capabilities in Mexico to grow our business. We're looking forward to a second half of continued investment and profitable sales growth. Thank you very much for joining us today, and I look forward to seeing many of you at CAGNY next week. Jennifer, can you please provide the closing comments?
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us for our second quarter earnings call. The replay will be available in a couple of hours. The phone number for that, if you missed any of our call, is (703) 925-2533. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communication at (856) 342-3737. If you're an analyst or investor, call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. That does conclude our conference, and you may now disconnect. Have a great weekend, and see many of you in Florida.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-11-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; as well as Stephanie Varnum, Senior Manager in Investor Relations. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update, a few thoughts on Hurricane Sandy, the highlights of our results for the first quarter and a few comments on the year. Then Craig will offer his take on the quarter, including our segment results and then our guidance. After we take your questions, Denise will make a few closing remarks. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements that we might make. As you know, Campbell completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms on August 6, 1 week into the quarter. The acquisition is now included in our results, and it drove most of the year-over-year changes in the first quarter. The quarter also includes $10 million in transaction costs related to the acquisition, which are included in our reported results. In September 27, we announced a $115-million restructuring program designed to improve our U.S. supply chain cost structure. Our first quarter reported results reflect $43 million of costs associated with that restructuring program. Our remarks today for the balance of our presentation will be on an adjusted basis, including Bolthouse Farms' operating results for 12 of the 13 weeks of the quarter, but excluding the transaction costs and the restructuring charges. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the mostly -- most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials, also can be found on our website and one other place. One last item. To make it easier for our iPad and iPhone users to follow Campbell, we've made available to you in the Apple App Store and Google Play Market a new app for viewing Campbell news releases, SEC filings and more on smaller screens. You need to have iTunes installed, but the cost is reasonable, 0. Just search for "Campbell IR." We'd love to get your input on your experience with it as we continue to be interested in improving the way we communicate with you. And with that, now let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for Campbell's first quarter earnings call. A few months ago, I marked a year as the CEO of this great company. We have committed ourselves to focus forward relentlessly on a new strategic vision that is centered on driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. Our 3 growth strategies are focused on accelerating the momentum of our existing businesses and extending our platforms into new higher-growth segments and geographies. We are working diligently to be a more agile and innovative company that is resolutely focused on the consumer, a company that better satisfies the needs of our core baby boomer consumers and is also responsive to new consumer needs, to demographic and generational change, to the increased demand for fresh foods, to the explosion of digital and social media and to the evolving global culture of food. We know we are witnessing major shifts in the drivers of consumer choice. And at Campbell, our rallying cry is "consumer first." We recently added some wonderful new talent to our senior leadership team. Mike Senackerib was appointed Campbell's first Chief Marketing Officer. Mike will work to build our brand and product equities globally and enhance our marketing capabilities, particularly in the digital space. We also announced that Luca Mignini will be our new President of International. Luca has deep experience in Asia, Latin America and Europe and will lead the expansion of our international footprint in faster-growing categories and in faster-growing geographies. We are not yet a different company, but we are thinking very differently about Campbell's future than we did a year ago. In fiscal 2013, we told you that we expect to return to growth in our base business. The addition of Bolthouse Farms will contribute to both our top line and our bottom line growth. And we are acutely aware of the work we must do now to deliver our long-term sales and earnings targets on a sustainable basis. Before I talk about our results for the first quarter, I would like to make a few comments about Hurricane Sandy. First, to everyone on this call who was affected by the storm or whose family was affected, please know that our thoughts are with you and with all that are working to restore ravaged communities. Our world headquarters in New Jersey and Pepperidge Farm in Connecticut were closed for 2 days. Many of our employees suffered property damage and were displaced due to loss of power. Scores of residents in our local communities still have needs for food, clothing and shelter. I am very proud of the many Campbell employees who stepped up to volunteer. In addition to making financial contributions to the Red Cross, the New Jersey governor's relief fund and the special United Way Hurricane Fund, we have shipped products to numerous food banks and relief organizations. During the storm, we supported our customers with extra merchandise and hurricane pallets. Our Pepperidge Farm distributors were in stores 24/7, replenishing bread and snacks. And we did see a very small benefit in soup during the last few days of October, but it was not material to the quarter. This is not about business. It's about people. And in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, I saw what I have seen many times before, that the special quality of the Campbell Soup Company is its heart. Turning now to business. This morning, I'll offer my perspective on our progress as we execute our 3 growth strategies: to stabilize and profitably grow North America soup and Simple Meals, expand our international presence and grow faster in healthy beverages and baked snacks. Our new fiscal year is off to a solid start, and we're encouraged by the progress we've made on advancing our growth strategies. Our U.S. Soup and Simple Meals business delivered solid results, with sales up 3% and operating earnings up 5% as we continued to optimize execution across all of the drivers of consumer demand. In the quarter, we reduced advertising spending according to the plans we outlined at our analyst meeting in July. Our advertising spending remained at competitive levels as we continued to run our effective "It's Amazing What Soup Can Do" campaign for condensed soup and introduced new advertising for Campbell Chunky RTS Soup. That campaign returns Chunky to its NFL roots, with Victor Cruz of the New York Giants demonstrating that Chunky fills you up right. Ready-to-serve soups, condensed cooking soups and broth all performed well in the quarter. We also successfully executed our previously announced price increase on condensed soup. It's too early to judge our breakthrough innovation, particularly our Campbell's Go soups and Campbell's Skillet Sauces, but these launches are showing good retail acceptance. This is the start of strategic innovation platforms for Campbell that we will build over time. These products are outcomes of a reengineered innovation process to accelerate our speed to market. They feature contemporary packaging and offer new global tastes aimed at attracting new consumers or serving new occasions. As I've stated before, customers have been very supportive of these new products and the many innovations in our base business. We introduced more than 50 new products this year in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals, up from 3 just 3 years ago. While we continue to make important strides in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals, we are not breaking out the champagne yet. We are encouraged, but we have more work to do on this large and important business. Bolthouse Farms had a very good quarter, with growth in all 3 of its categories: beverages, salad dressings and carrots. The new beverage products introduced last spring, including Coffee Protein PLUS, Orange and Carrot and fresh nog -- yes, without the egg -- are all achieving distribution targets. As we stated, we are operating Bolthouse Farms as a separate business unit, and our integration of corporate services such as finance and legal is on track. Pepperidge Farm had positive sales in the crackers business, driven by Goldfish and new Jingos!, partly offset by declines in cookies and bakery. We did have a strong October, with solid plans going forward for the holidays. Be on the lookout for Goldfish Finn and Friends in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Our business in Asia Pacific returned to growth this quarter, with Australia stabilizing and Indonesia posting double-digit sales gains. In Australia, a refocus on core brands and better joint business plans with our customers have helped results despite a challenging retail and consumer environment. In international, we continued to enjoy momentum in emerging markets, with sales gains in Malaysia and Mexico. Parts of our business continued to present challenges in quarter one. U.S. Beverage sales declined 5%. Despite easing inflation, we did not return to EBIT growth. We are rebalancing our consumer marketing towards the base V8 Red and V8 V-Fusion business, introducing new advertising and prioritizing our innovation on the highest-potential product platforms: energy and kids juice boxes. We do have positive momentum on V8 Splash. In North America Foodservice, our retail fresh soups grew while our traditional foodservice business did not. In addition, Europe had subpar performance, albeit in a difficult environment. Notwithstanding some challenges, overall, our quarter one results have enabled us to reaffirm our annual guidance of net sales growth, plus 10% to 12%; adjusted EBIT growth, plus 4% to 6%; and adjusted EPS growth, plus 3% to 5%. As we've stated before, we anticipate returning to positive organic growth on the base business but expect to be below our long-term targets this year. Now I'll turn it over to Craig for a discussion of our segment results.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise. Good morning, everybody. I'll spend a few minutes discussing our first quarter results and segment highlights, followed by comments on our full year sales and earnings guidance. As Jennifer referenced, my discussion results will exclude the impact of the restructuring charge, as well as transaction costs associated with the Bolthouse Farms acquisition. So for the quarter, we reported net sales of $2.3 billion, an 8% increase from the first quarter of 2012. Excluding the impact of currency and the Bolthouse Farms acquisition, organic net sales increased by 1% in the quarter. Excluding restructuring costs and acquisition transaction costs, adjusted EBIT increased 5% to $438 million. Of the adjusted EBIT increase, 3 points came from adding Bolthouse and 2 points came from growth in the base business, primarily driven by U.S. Simple Meals. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.88 this quarter, a 7% increase from the first quarter of 2012. On Slide 22, you see the Bolthouse Farms -- you see that Bolthouse Farms contributed 8 points to sales growth, while currency subtracted 1 point due to the euro weakening against the U.S. dollar. Organic sales increased 1% as pricing contributed 2 points and promotional spending subtracted 1 point. The pricing gains reflected increases on condensed soup in the U.S. and across our baking and snacking segment. The promotional spending variance was primarily related to Global Baking and Snacking. We continued to invest to remain competitive in our Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm businesses. Our adjusted gross margin percentage declined by 160 basis points to 37.9% from 39.5%. The decline was primarily attributable to the impact of the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, which operates at a lower gross margin structure. The inflation rate in cost of goods sold was approximately 4%, which is in line with our expectation for the full year. Marketing and selling expenses decreased 3% to $254 million. Advertising and consumer promotion expense declined by 15%. The primary cause of the declines was our planned reduction in advertising and consumer promotion expenses in the U.S. Soup business, partly offset by the impact of adding Bolthouse Farms. Although U.S. Soup advertising and consumer promotion expenses declined compared with the prior year, we are maintaining competitive levels of support on the base business while investing behind our new launches. Administrative expenses for the quarter increased by $17 million due to adding Bolthouse and incurring higher compensation and benefit cost, including the expected increases in pension expense. Below the operating earning lines, net interest expense increased 18% or $5 million. The increase was due to a higher level of debt to fund the acquisition of Bolthouse, partly offset by lower rates on the debt portfolio. The adjusted tax rate declined by 60 basis points to 31.6% from 32.2% in the prior year, due to the favorable settlement of a U.S. state tax matter. With the lower tax rate offsetting increased interest expense, adjusted net earnings increased 5% this quarter. Adjusted earnings per share benefited from fewer shares outstanding and grew by 7%. First quarter segment sales and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on the next slide. Sales of U.S. Simple Meals increased by 3%, with gains in both U.S. Soup and U.S. Sauces. U.S. Soup sales rose 2%, driven by gains in broth and ready-to-serve soup, partially offset by a decline in condensed soup. U.S. Sauce sales grew 4%, primarily driven by strong gains in Prego pasta sauce, the launch of Campbell's Skillet Sauces and the growth of Mexican -- of Pace Mexican sauce. These gains were partly offset by lower sales of gravy. Global Baking and Snacking sales increased by 1%, fueled by gains in Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. Pepperidge Farm sales increased on the strength of another solid quarter of growth in Goldfish snack crackers and by the launch of Jingos! Pepperidge had sales declines in cookies and bakery. Sales in Arnott's increased primarily due to double-digit gains in Indonesia. Biscuit sales in Australia were comparable to the prior year. Organic sales for International Simple Meals and Beverages increased by 2%. Higher sales in the Asia Pacific region, Latin America and Canada were partially offset by declines in Europe. In Canada, higher selling prices contributed to sales growth; and in Europe, lower sales in Germany were partially offset by higher sales in France. In Asia Pacific, sales increased due to the strong growth in Japan and Malaysia. Our Bolthouse Farms and foodservice reporting segment now includes the recently acquired Bolthouse business, along with North American Foodservice, which had been recorded separately. Of the segment's $323 million in sales for the quarter, Bolthouse contributed $171 million. Organic sales, excluding the acquisition and currency impact, declined by 6%. This decrease in North American Foodservice sales was primarily due to declines in frozen and canned soup sales, partially offset by volume-driven gains in fresh chilled soups sold at retail. U.S. Beverages sales decreased by 5% in the quarter. The decrease was due to declines in V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion beverages, partially offset by an increase in V8 Splash. The decrease in V8 Fusion -- V8 V-Fusion was primarily due to declines in the existing base business, partially offset by growth in new products, including energy drinks and juice boxes. Operating earnings for Simple Meals rose by 5% to $274 million this quarter. The increase reflects earnings gains in U.S. Soup, partly offset by a decline in U.S. Sauce. Within the segment, the benefits from productivity improvements; higher selling prices, net of related volume impacts; and lower marketing expense were partly offset by cost inflation. Earnings of Global Baking and Snacking declined by 3%, reflecting lower earnings in both Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm. Both businesses were negatively impacted by increased promotional spending as we continue to invest in highly competitive markets. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings increased by 9%, largely driven by growth in Asia Pacific and Canada. Earnings in Europe declined. For the segment, the increase in operating earnings was primarily driven by organic sales gains and an increase in gross margin percentage. Operating earnings within the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment increased by 26% or $7 million. The increase included $14 million from the addition of Bolthouse Farms and a decrease in earnings from North American Foodservice. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages were comparable to the prior year, as the impact of lower volume was offset by lower advertising and consumer promotion expense. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter increased by 2%. Consumer takeaway in the quarter was down about 1%. Ready-to-serve soups and broth sales benefited from movements in customer inventory levels, reflecting accelerated merchandising activity for the quarter. Sales of condensed soup declined by 1% as declines in eating varieties were only partly offset by gains in cooking varieties. Our pricing in response to inflation in condensed soup has not resulted in any unexpected volume pressure. RTS soup sales increased by 4%. Volume-driven gains in Campbell's Chunky canned soups were partially offset by declines in microwavable soups. Campbell's Go soups, launched this quarter, added to the sales growth. Broth sales grew 9%, primarily due to volume-driven gains in both aseptically packaged and canned broths. Slide 29 is a look at U.S. retail sales of wet soup for the last 52 weeks based on SymphonyIRI multi-outlet data. The U.S. wet soup category rose by 0.5% in the last 52 weeks. Campbell soup sales for the same period declined 2.7%. This performance compares with a gain of 8.4% for other branded players and flat results for private label. Campbell maintained a strong leadership position with a market share of 58.7% for the year. Private label players held their share, while other branded players gained share. Cash flow from operations was $81 million compared with $73 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures of $41 million were up from $35 million a year ago. For the year, we continue to forecast capital spending of approximately $333 million, including spending at Bolthouse Farms. As we've previously announced, we suspended the strategic share repurchase program so that we can use our cash flow to reduce the debt we incurred to finance the Bolthouse acquisition. However, we continue to repurchase sufficient shares to offset dilution from equity compensation programs. Net debt rose to $4.1 billion, an increase of $1.4 billion due to the acquisition. This morning, we confirmed our fiscal 2013 guidance. I'd like to point out that as we look at the progression of the year, we believe that the second quarter profitability could be negatively impacted by the fact that we are exiting the first quarter with high soup inventories due to strong holiday sell-in; and by a planned increase in marketing support for new products, notably Campbell's Go soup and Campbell's Skillet Sauces. As a result, EPS for the second quarter is likely to lag our full year guidance growth rate. We continue to expect to grow sales for the year between 10% and 12%, with adjusted EBIT growth of 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5%. Within these ranges, currency is expected to be neutral to slightly negative. We expect interest expense to increase approximately $30 million, primarily due to the acquisition financing, and the tax rate to be between 31% and 32%. As we mentioned, we completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms this quarter and financed the purchase with debt. Our guidance includes the estimated impact of the Bolthouse business and excludes the impact of onetime acquisition transaction costs and also the cost associated with our recently announced restructuring program. We expect the acquisition to contribute approximately $750 million to sales and to add $0.05 to $0.07 to our adjusted EPS, including the impact of suspending our strategic share repurchases. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer now.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Craig. At this time, we will conduct a Q&A session. We'd like to request that callers limit themselves to one question apiece, but stay on the line in case clarifications are needed. This way, we hope to respond to more callers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to drill down a little bit on some of the commentary, Craig, around the inventory -- or the accelerated inventory levels. Just want to be clear, was that, I guess, part of the plan in your first quarter, obviously, to ship in a little more aggressively maybe than last year such that you're ready to go for your merchandising plans? And I guess if we were to think about the fiscal first half as opposed to just the first quarter versus the second, how should we think about your expectation for soup sales maybe on that kind of a basis?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think you're hitting it right, Andrew, by focusing on the first half. The acceleration in inventory coming out of the quarter was due to our holiday sell-in for November and December. Some retailers shipped earlier this year than last year. We're encouraged, though, by the strong merchandising plans that we have, and it's also been rotated amongst different brands. So coming into the quarter, we had a higher level of inventory. We maintained that. And so coming out of the quarter, we're still at those levels. So we just wanted to manage people's expectations for the half.
B. Craig Owens: Part of it, Andrew, is just the calendar, right? We have an earlier Thanksgiving this year, and so I think retailers have just been a little bit ahead of the curve and maybe a little bit of the storm impact, too, which fell right at the end of the quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Is your hope that, through the first half, that we'd see soup sales in positive territory? Or is it just still -- I mean, the second quarter is obviously huge from that perspective from a takeaway standpoint.
B. Craig Owens: Right. We don't forecast, as you know, soup sales separately, but we're happy with the start that we're off to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to ask about the A&C spending in the quarter. I guess I didn't fully appreciate how much it might be down in Q1. Can you tell us if that was fully planned? And then as kind of a broader follow-up question to that, some food companies are starting to talk about shifting A&C spending back above the line just to kind of manage price points lower, just given the consumer environment. And I'm wondering if that's a dynamic that you're expecting on some level to happen with your business as well over the next few quarters.
Denise M. Morrison: It's true; our quarter one A&C expense declined by 15%, primarily due to reduced spending on U.S. Soup and partially offset by an increase of support for new innovations. It is in the range of the plans for the full year, and we did move some money into increased promotion, particularly in the bakery and the baked snacks business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So lots of potential questions here. Let me focus on the fresh baking business, where -- which I think you said was still challenged this quarter. It's -- the industry here in the U.S. is in a state of flux, with one of your competitors having now suspended production and distribution. How do you think about that scenario and what the implications may be for your business going forward?
Denise M. Morrison: Right now, we are seeing, in the latest 2 months, some pressure, and we're getting industry reports on that. The parts of the business that are more robust are the casual dining, health care and education. But overall, we're not pleased with the performance of our foodservice business this quarter. Oh, I'm sorry. I heard you -- Jason, did you say foodservice or...
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Specifically, I'm asking fresh bakery implications of Hostess.
Jennifer Driscoll: Oh, for TreeHouse?
B. Craig Owens: Hostess.
Denise M. Morrison: For Hostess. The bakery business? I'm sorry.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, No worries.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. Well, I answered another question that you might have had.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate that. It's like a 2-for-1 special.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay, there you go. We're monitoring the Hostess situation. We -- and of course, our manufacturing supply chain and distributors are standing ready to ensure that customers aren't at risk for any supply interruptions caused by this. This is a business that is continuously changing through consolidation and price discounting. And we just feel that we're well positioned to play in this, in the part of the business that we occupy right now, which is more the upper end.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one more if I could sneak it in. Bolthouse, I know it's still young as part of your portfolio, but it's got a unique distribution platform. Denise, can you talk to us, whether it be broad strokes, or hopefully as much specificity as possible, in terms of your innovation plans and how you intend to leverage that?
Denise M. Morrison: Right now, it's early days, but we're very pleased with the performance in all 3 categories of Bolthouse. And some of that growth has been driven by new innovation, particularly in the beverage business, but also increase in distribution in the salad dressing business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I wanted to ask a little bit more about condensed soup, and I wasn't sure if your inventory comments were more focused on one side or the other. But on condensed soup, you had in the fourth quarter, I think it was -- the fourth quarter is -- it's always hard to interpret some of these quarters because they're not the same in terms of total volumes. But it was like a 10% or double-digit growth in volumes last quarter. And now, this quarter, sales are down 1%. I don't know the volumes, but is this what you're trying to lead us to, where the inventories are just coming in a little bit full right now going into Q2?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So, David, we've actually seen a little bit of a rotation. You're exactly right. As we came out of the fourth quarter, our condensed inventories were a little bit higher than normal. The good news there is that we saw good sell-through on the back-to-school and other promotional activity that had created those higher inventories. And now as we've come more into the run-up to the holiday season coming out of the first quarter, the higher inventory levels are really driven more by RTS. So you've had the rotation of inventory. It's not the same inventory. It's not even around the same product line. And you've got -- consequently, you've got a little bit of a mix shift issue as we've rotated out of condensed and into RTS. But it's -- I think, overall, you can think about soup inventories continuing to be a little bit higher than normal as we come out of the quarter, but it's more RTS and broth than it is condensed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And one quick follow-up on some of your Bolthouse comments. Was the profit contribution in the quarter kind of below normal? I.e., was purchase accounting a factor here on the inventories? I've had a few questions from people on that this morning.
B. Craig Owens: So yes, purchase accounting, it is going to be an issue, and you're right to point the inventories on the first year will run off the write-up of the purchase accounting impact on inventory. Also, remember that we had one less week of Bolthouse in this first quarter than we did for the total company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I just ask you to maybe elaborate a little bit on the weakness in the beverage segment? You mentioned slackening consumer demand. I was a little surprised that, that might be kicking in now rather than maybe earlier in the economic downturn. Is it something to do with pricing versus other juices? Or can you tell us a little bit more about what's going on there?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. The beverage category, particularly the shelf-stable juice category, has been under pressure for quite some time now. And we continue to observe behavior that consumers are trading down, particularly in the -- from the 100% juice businesses that we're in. There has been some competition that's been very price aggressive that has negatively affected our V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion; however, our V8 Splash continues to perform very well. And our new item innovations are continuing to contribute to sales growth, but they haven't been sufficient enough to overcome the category weaknesses or the aggressive price pressures. So what we're going to do about it is we're shoring up the core business with line extensions on V8 and improved taste. We're also playing in value by pushing V8 Splash, and then we're innovating in high-growth segments such as energy and kids. And we think that a combination of easing inflation and productivity improvements will help us with improved EBIT for the year. So that's how we're looking at it at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Denise, I just wanted to try and get some insight into how you're thinking about the promotional support you're putting behind soup during the soup season. And if we look at the measured channel data for ready-to-serve, it looks like pricing is down year-on-year in ready-to-serve in recent periods, and that we -- so that's driven a fairly pronounced increase in volumes more recently. Is that consistent with what you're seeing in your business? And is this any indication of a change in the way you're thinking about the optimal balance between innovation-driven growth and promotion over the next few months?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we're -- again, we're optimizing all of the drivers of demand. And in addition to product and packaging, there is a merchandising factor, and we're looking at each brand, given its competitive set. So in the first quarter, we were very aggressive in promoting, particularly, our Chunky brand. As we repositioned it, we improved the label on the brand to emphasize the delicious food and the soup that eats like a meal. We went to the NFL with Victor Cruz, and so we did put some support behind that brand to get some momentum.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And would you say that was more an issue of sort of the timing of your merchandising plans? Or is that a strategy that might persist through the second quarter?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think you can plan on seeing aggressive merchandising plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just building on that last question. In ready-to-serve, it looked like you had a good last month. The promotions were up. Select Harvest repositioned 100% Naturals. How is that working specifically? And then is it too early to tell how the new messaging around -- the low-fat, high-protein messaging and the NFL, is that gaining traction on the Chunky portfolio? Any sense there?
Denise M. Morrison: The performance of RTS this quarter really was because of brand Chunky. And the 100% Natural soup is flowing through to the shelf and has been down versus year ago. And we'll continue to put the adequate support on that business as well because it is an important business to us. It's too soon to tell on some of the new products, but some of the new products that we introduced last year like Slow Kettle, Slow Kettle's consumption and share are both up in the quarter and our new Flavor Boost product was down in the quarter. However, we are flowing through a new pack, which we shifted from an 8-pack to a 4-pack and reduced the price to $2 to increase the trial, because our repeat is very good on this product. So we did learn a lot last year from the introduction of that product.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is the light soup area -- is that something that you think will stabilize as the fiscal year progresses? I mean clearly, where I'm getting at is that, that portfolio has been repositioned a couple times, and I'm wondering if you're a little bit more optimistic about this go-around.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, it's still -- I mean, it's still a smaller part of our portfolio, and we did -- we are now emphasizing the 100% Natural, and it really will be up to the consumer to decide.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 quick questions for you. The first one, I guess for you, Denise, would be just in relation to Global Baking and Snacking, to understand the growth of the U.S. business versus the international business, I guess to understand how Arnott's in Australia is performing versus, say, Pepperidge in the U.S.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, Pepperidge in the U.S. grew, but it was growing because of the cracker business. Goldfish and Jingos! were up high single digits, and it offset some declines in our cookie business and in our bakery business. But we have seen better momentum in October and going into the holidays. In Arnott's, the situation is they're still competing in a difficult market. We've seen improvements in the business, we are continuing to gain share there, so we are feeling better about Australia this year in the biscuit business.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, maybe for Craig. In relation to Bolthouse, is there -- I'm just trying to think about the seasonality of the business. Are there -- and to make sure I have this modeled properly going forward, there's a little more profit this quarter than I thought, is what it comes down to. Is that a function of this quarter? Is there a seasonality factor to consider, is the question.
B. Craig Owens: There's a little bit of seasonality. You didn't see it so much in this quarter because, again, we had one less week in the quarter than we do in the full year. The seasonality comes from the carrot business being a little bit heavier in the second quarter. That's partially offset by the fact that beverages are a little bit stronger in the summer. So the business overall is less seasonal than Campbell's business, so it won't have a material impact on the total company seasonality.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. One is I was kind of surprised -- and I guess we touched on it a little bit, but I'm kind of surprised that the margins in U.S. Simple Meals were slightly over 30%. I don't remember the last time the margins were that high in the segment, although I guess it's changed a little bit over time. But is -- like, obviously, the lower advertising versus the higher inventory, I guess, is partly explaining it. But I'm kind of wondering if you could go into a little bit more detail. Is there the timing of inflation versus the restructuring action you took? I just -- I'm trying to get a better sense to what's making those margins so high this quarter.
B. Craig Owens: So the restructuring action wouldn't have any impact in the quarter. I think the primary thing that you're probably seeing versus prior quarter is the reduced advertising and consumer promotional expense, Eric.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, I would just add, there's a pretty significant seasonality to the profitability of the Simple Meals segment. It ranges from 30 to as low as 20 in the other quarters.
B. Craig Owens: So this is not typical...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Even year-over-year, but, I mean, it's been a while since we've hit over 30 in that segment.
B. Craig Owens: It looks like it's only up about 1 point from the prior year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Okay. And then I guess, on the Go soup product, Denise, are you sensing any push back on the price point? Because, I guess, we've seen some commentary that, that might be a price point that's a little difficult for Millennials at the moment. Is there any initial sense of that at the trade level?
Denise M. Morrison: No, we have not gotten any feedback on that, and we recognize that the price is more premium than some of our other offerings. But so far -- again, it's early days. The repeat on this item is pretty robust. So it's all about getting consumer trial over the next several quarters, but we haven't heard any push back on pricing.
B. Craig Owens: Most of the ACB [ph] is now at $2.99, which we feel is a pretty good price point for that product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So I guess I wanted to just think about -- I mean, on the advertising, the total A&C spending, particularly behind soup, I guess I'm -- can you give us a sort of long-term target where you think that ought to work out for a business of this margin structure?
Denise M. Morrison: We -- our long-term target and our short-term target right now is to be fully competitive, and we're basing that on a variety of benchmarks, such as a percent of sales and share of voice, to name 2. We think that it's really important for these brands to think about all of the drivers of demand and make sure that we are putting our spending where we're going to get the maximum impact, and that could vary by brand and even by segment. So I cited the Chunky example earlier and that seems to be working.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could just follow up, Denise, the -- then -- yes, I guess competitive is -- when you say competitive, I guess, are you thinking inside the soup category? Because I mean, I guess one of the -- how are you framing that, because when I look at -- it seems to me a lot of the potential -- the slowdown -- a potential explanation for the slowdown of the soup category, period, is that its leader hasn't spent enough on advertising the past 3 or 4 years, and so you might be keeping up with the competition but the category as a whole maybe has suffered. And I think the innovation helps, but are you -- when you say competitive, are you talking about competitive within soup or competitive broadly with spending rates in other categories as you see them?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, in the case of soup, we look at both within soup and also within the broader context of the 30-plus categories that we track in Simple Meals. And quite frankly, in the U.S. Soup business, we did lower our advertising. But in our other businesses, our advertising either stayed the same or increased.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Denise, just now that you're 5 quarters into this, and with all of the effort that's been put into Simple Meals and soup in particular, do you have a sense at this point whether you've changed -- there's been any change or been able to kind of move the change in consumer habits at home? I think as we kind of went into this over a year ago, it's one thing to be able to sort of merchandise and get people to pull it off the shelf, but the more important thing is to really get people to actually consume the products at home. And I understand it's a little bit early, especially with all the new products that have come out. But how do you feel about movement that you've made or progress that you've made in that regard in terms of just getting people to actually go home and use the products?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think it's early days on the new products to declare victory there. I do think that the new products are helping to create somewhat of a buzz about soup in general, which is important, because people don't think about it as often as they should, and so that reminding them is important. But I think we've done a good job in terms of executing at Campbell's to put some new experiences out to the market for the consumer to enjoy and, particularly, younger consumers to attract them into the category. We're going to continue to build on those platforms. This is not going to be a 1-year wonder. So I think these are still early days, but I really do believe we're on the right course here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the signal that you're sending perhaps to retailers by perhaps cutting marketing spending on your core soups a little bit? And the reason I'm asking is there has been some conversation lately about perhaps some of your larger retailers reconsidering whether it's a great use of space to use gravity feed shelves or not. And I'm just wondering, when I talk to retailers and they think about soup, whether the manufacturers are really committed to the can, whether that's something that they should be committed to as well. So can you just talk a little bit about the balance between how you think about that and maybe spending more on marketing to allay their fears or continue to drive down the spending to help your margins a bit?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I can. First of all, in terms of the shelving, we actually have iQ Maximizers in greater than 25,000 stores. And that seems to be servicing the consumer very well in terms of making it easier to shop, and from an operations standpoint, it's holding up to the retailers' standards. So I'm not sure what the link is for shelf space that you're talking about, but we have not seen an impact on shelf space at this point. In fact, with the new products that we're introducing, we're having conversations to make sure that we are accommodating all of our products on the shelf and continuing to bring the retailers new and exciting things to increase their center store sales. The second part of your question, on cutting marketing, we had increases in advertising and consumer in all of our categories with the exception of soup, and we have not cut our total marketing. We had expenses in advertising and consumer decline, but we are spending against these products in a very competitive way. And we were -- we're explaining that to retailers and we're getting support.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one quick follow-up on David Driscoll's question about Bolthouse and Foodservice margins. Should we expect a similar decline year-on-year in that segment's margin going forward then?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So Bolthouse operates structurally at a significantly lower margin rate than the rest of the company. I think the first quarter margin structure is probably pretty reflective of the full year for that segment now, right?
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So somewhere around 10.5% is not unreasonable.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I think that's probably about right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: When I look at your -- at the breakdown of the soup sales, so it's condensed down, but ready-to-serve being up 4%, and I compare that with scanner data, scanner data looks much different, I think, in -- at least in ready-to-serve. Why would I not think that this difference between scanner data and the data that you showed today is just driven by the channel fill and the sell-through -- channel fill within your products and the sell-through just isn't there yet?
B. Craig Owens: Well -- so, Thilo, I think we did say that we're exiting the quarter with higher inventories, and that there has been some rotation in those inventories toward ready-to-serve. So I mean, I think you're right. We saw heavier sales of both broth and ready-to-serve in the quarter than we saw consumption, and it's largely associated with selling in ahead of the holiday and merchandising activity that's scheduled out over the first few weeks of November here. So I think your reading is approximately right.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But is it selling across the entire portfolio on ready-to-serve? Or is it focused on the new product?
B. Craig Owens: Well, clearly, you've got some pipeline fill on the new product, but it's not just new product. In fact, it's probably heaviest in broth, which as you can imagine is a big holiday item. So it's broth, it's ready-to-serve and it's the new products.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. And we've also had new innovations on our base business too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moscow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just was looking at the U.S. Beverages segment, and it looks like sales will end up being flat pretty much to where they were in 2010. So there really hasn't been any growth in this segment and profits are way down. Can you give us a sense within that mix? I understand the strategy is to extend into more single-serve items and maybe away from core V8 Red. Can you give us a sense of what's happened to like the core V8 Red during this time, whether new products are now a bigger part of the pie? And then secondly, I thought I heard that there might have to be a wait out on V8 Red during the course of this year to compensate for higher commodity costs. And are you concerned that this would hurt volume further on the core business?
Denise M. Morrison: No, I am not -- I don't know where you heard that there'll be a wait out on V8 Red. Right now, our plan on V8 Red, and we do believe that we need to call more attention to it, is to improve the taste on the original V8 Red, to celebrate the taste in our advertising, and we have Hint of Lime and Black Pepper flavor extensions to create some news for that 100% juice offering. And we are refocusing on our base 100% juice while we also push V8 Splash, which has done very well. But the entire category has been pretty soft for a number of quarters now.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Denise, do you mean the entire vegetable juice-based category? Or do you mean...
Denise M. Morrison: No, no, no. No, the entire shelf-stable juice category, particularly in the 100% juice segment.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. What about noncarbonated beverages in general? Like I always thought that, that was a faster growing segment of overall beverages. Do you look at yourself in that context also?
Denise M. Morrison: We do, and that's where we have the insights around new innovation. For example, the energy and the kids segments are growing faster.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with Credit Agricole Securities.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I may have missed this, but did you quantify the value of the buy-in ahead of the early holiday?
Denise M. Morrison: No, you didn't miss it.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, I know Andrew had asked about sort of first half over first half, and you have guided down the second quarter, so any color that you can give us to give us an idea about what the magnitude was?
B. Craig Owens: The only thing...
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Was it an extra week of inventory, 2 weeks of inventory? Was it all across your entire product line?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I think the best way to think about it is to look at consumption versus sales, right, Diane? So consumption was down 1%; sales were up. Without forecasting the soup sales, or particularly without forecasting them by quarter, I think that's the best way to sort of keep tabs on where we are in sell-in versus consumption.
Denise M. Morrison: And the sell-in against the holiday season, of course, the consumption happens in another quarter. So the good news is that we're getting good merchandising support, but I do think you have to look at it on a season basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My first question is just regarding the U.S. consumer overall. You have a pretty big footprint in the center of the store, and some other companies recently have said they've seen the consumer shift back into the center of the store a little bit more recently. Have you seen that? I mean, are you seeing consumption sort of increase for food categories in the center of the store?
Denise M. Morrison: We track the Simple Meals category. In over 52 weeks, the consumption's been up over 2%, and in the last 13, it's been a little bit over 1%, so it's still trailing 52 weeks.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on marketing. You made a -- you hired somebody to lead your marketing division. I was just wanting to get your perspective on what this particular person adds that you didn't have per se before in your organization, and how sort of links to the future sort of demand trends that you see longer term.
Denise M. Morrison: We have a center of excellence that works on our advertising and design, our marketing excellence, which is training for our people to make sure we're building skills. Obviously, with the transition of connecting with consumers through the digital space, that's going to require some real focus and expertise, and then being a support system for the brand management in the business unit so that there is a continuing to build on the standards of excellence for driving a growth agenda. So we believe he'll be a really good addition in terms of focusing us there. Okay. So I guess we're coming up on the hour. I apologize to any of you that we didn't get to, but we're going to move to our wrap-up. So in conclusion, we'd like to leave you with some key points from today's call. Our new fiscal year is off to a solid start, and Campbell is becoming more agile, more innovative and more focused on the consumer. We've recruited some wonderful new talent in marketing and in international. We've posted encouraging gains in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals as we continue to optimize all the drivers of consumer demands across our key brands. And while it's too early to judge our breakthrough innovations, we firmly believe that our reengineered innovation process enhances our ability to attract new consumers and serve new occasions. Our first quarter with Bolthouse Farms was strong and the integration is on track. Challenges do remain in our U.S. Beverage business, but we are course correcting and expect more of a recovery in the coming quarters. Overall, we're able to reiterate our annual guidance for the year of sales growth of 10% to 12%; adjusted EBIT, growth 4% to 6%; and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5%. But I want to make sure that my message to you is clear, we are encouraged but not satisfied. We know what we have to do and what our opportunities are, and we're clearly making progress but we're not there yet. Hurricane Sandy reminded us that we have a lot to be thankful for here at Campbell. Among many other things, we're thankful to have leading brands to compete with; strong margins; amazing cash flow; and above all, talented and dedicated employees with a lot of heart. So we wish you and yours a very Happy Thanksgiving. And with that, Jennifer, please provide the closing reminders.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you very much. We appreciate you listening to the call today. We will have replays available. And if we didn't get to you, please give me a call at (856) 342-6081. And with that, we'll conclude our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-09-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and Chief Executive Officer; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; as well as Stephanie Varnum, new Senior Manager in IR. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update and highlights of our results for the fourth quarter. Craig will offer his take on the quarter, the fiscal year, and our expectations for fiscal 2013. Then after we take your questions, Denise will make a few closing remarks. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation today. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media, who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Since our presentation today includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and other selected quarterly financials, can be found on our website as well. And with that, now let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning. Thanks for joining Campbell's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. 1 year into our strategic transition, we have planted the seeds to return Campbell to sustainable, profitable net sales growth. As we stated at our recent Analyst Day, our transition is taking us longer than we anticipated. However, we are starting to see some green shoots that indicate the direction of Campbell is changing. We declared 2012 as a year of investment. Over the last year, we've made significant investments in brand building, innovation and external development. We've also upgraded talent in key positions and changed our organization structure to build capabilities in innovation, marketing excellence, digital and external development. We are working diligently to evolve our culture and to leverage our high employee engagement for higher performance. This takes time, and we will not rest until we have hit our stride. This morning, I'll offer my perspective about our progress as we execute our 3 growth strategies: first, stabilize and profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals; second, expand our international presence; and third, continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and baked snacks. Finally, we are folding Bolthouse Farms into Campbell. As we said, we will operate it as a separate business unit within the company. A year ago, we expected that in fiscal 2013, we would return to growth levels consistent with our long-term targets on our core business. As we said at our analyst meeting in July, we expect the core business to return to growth this year but will not get all the way there due to a tougher environment than originally expected. The 2013 guidance we issued this morning reflects improvement of our core Campbell business and is inclusive of Bolthouse Farms. All of us at Campbell's agree that the pace of our progress needs to accelerate. At the same time, we remain focused and energized by our new strategic direction. We are confident that the course we've charted positions Campbell for long-term success, and we are committed to creating shareholder value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. According to McKinsey's global economic intelligence, growth across the globe continued to falter in the last quarter. The only significant departure from this trend was in the United States, where in spite of lethargic growth overall, employment, consumer spending and housing markets took a positive turn. In contrast, Europe is almost in a recession, with much work remaining to address the fundamental imbalances fueling the 3-year long crisis. This environment is not for the faint of heart. Looking at the food industry in the United States across all outlets, consumers made 4% fewer trips to buy groceries in the fourth quarter and purchased less per trip, contributing to a 1% decline in food dollar sales. Cost inflation has driven significant pricing to the consumer, which tends to put pressure on volumes. Our take on these trends is that the consumer continues to be cautious, and that is not likely to change in the near future. However, we continue to believe that consumer-focused innovation, value offerings and strong marketing of powerful brands can and will drive growth, and that is precisely what we're focused on. With that as context, let me now offer my perspective on Campbell's fourth quarter results. Our fourth quarter performance was overall in line with our expectations. Sales of $1.6 billion were steady with last year's quarter despite pressure from currency. Our adjusted EBIT declined due to the marketing investments we made and higher inflation. We've had success with new product offerings in our beverage business. We've profitably grown our core U.S. Soup and Simple Meal business and significantly stepped up innovation in Simple Meals, and our Goldfish franchise has delivered exceptional growth again in this quarter. In the fourth quarter, favorable contributions from below-the-line items enabled us to deliver full year adjusted EPS that was slightly better than our guidance. In our U.S. Soup and Simple Meals business, fourth quarter sales growth of 7% fueled a 3% increase in the segment's operating earnings. Most of the sales gain was driven by promotional timing with key retailers. Fourth quarter sales of condensed soup rose 14%, driven by strong levels of promotional activity and a 5% price increase. We now have lapped the list price increase in ready-to-serve soups that we took in the fourth quarter of 2011, and stabilization in volumes contributed to the 1% RTS gain in the quarter, as did increased distribution in the club channel. Both our U.S. Broth and U.S. Sauce businesses had positive sales gains. For the full year, we met sales expectations on our important U.S. Soup and Simple Meals business. We feel good about the progress we made this past year on new product development. In fact, new Simple Meals products developed using our enhanced consumer-driven innovation process began to ship in quarter 4. In fiscal 2013, we plan to introduce more than 50 new products in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals, up from 41 in fiscal 2012 and a dramatic increase from the 7 products we introduced in fiscal 2011. Among them are Campbell's Go! Soups, Campbell's Skillet Sauces, Campbell's Gourmet Bisques and new varieties of Chunky and Slow Kettle soups. Retailer acceptance of our new products, targeted largely to the Millenials, has been extremely positive, and we look forward to the consumer response as they buy them and try them. In Global Baking and Snacking, organic sales rose 2%, driven by Pepperidge Farm. Increased marketing investments drove double-digit growth in Goldfish crackers. In our Australian business, we continue to see pressure from consumer spending and an overall challenging environment. I just returned from a trip from Australia, and despite the difficulties in that market in 2012, we continued to make investments in brand building and innovation, and we expect to show improved result in 2013. In U.S. Beverages, we continued our top line growth with sales up 3%, outpacing the category. The strongest gains came from V8 Splash and V8 V-Fusion. New items contributed to our market share gains. We successfully launched V8 V-Fusion Smoothies, Energy, Sparkling and Kids drinks this year, and we're developing new advertising that we think will improve their performance going forward. Now as we begin the new fiscal year, we're confident that we will improve our sales and earnings trends. Our confidence goes beyond the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms and extends to the new products we're launching, the productivity gains we plan to make, the innovation pipeline that we will continue to build and a very focused set of initiatives aimed at optimizing all of the drivers of demand. Today, we establish specific growth ranges for fiscal 2013 sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. This guidance reflects improved trends in the core business, as well as contributions from our acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, which we acquired at the start of our fiscal first quarter. And now I'll turn it over to Craig for the financial review.
B. Craig Owens: Thank you, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend a few minutes reviewing our fourth quarter results and segment highlights, followed by a recap of our fiscal year results. And I'll conclude with our fiscal 2013 guidance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $1.6 billion comparable to a year ago. Excluding the unfavorable impact of currency, organic net sales increased by 3%. On August 6, we completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms for $1.55 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. In the fourth quarter, we recorded pre-tax transaction cost of $5 million or $0.01 per share related to the acquisition. Excluding that impact, as well as the restructuring charges recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, adjusted EBIT decreased by 10% to $208 million, primarily due to the decline in the gross margin percentage and higher marketing expenses, partly offset by an increase in sales volume. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.41 this quarter, a 5% decline as compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. The decline reflected lower EBIT, partially offset by the benefits for lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding. In the fourth quarter, our reported net sales were comparable to the prior year. A 3-point gain in organic sales was offset by a 3-point decline from currency translation as the Australian dollar, the euro and the Canadian dollar have all weakened. As you can see on Slide #18, the growth in organic sales reflected volume, mix and pricing contributions of 6 points, partly offset by the negative impact of increased promotional spending of 3 points. All of our reporting segments had positive volume and mix. We also enjoyed the benefit of inflation-driven pricing actions, the majority of which came from 2 segments: Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Simple Meals. The promotional spending variance is primarily due to higher rates of spending in Global Baking and Snacking. As we've mentioned, we continue to invest to remain competitive and to protect our market positions at both Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm. Our gross margin declined 130 basis points this quarter, from 39.8% to 38.5%. Cost inflation and increased promotional spending drove that decline, which was partly offset by productivity improvements and the margin benefit of higher selling prices. Overall, our inflation rate and cost of sales was about 5% in the quarter. As we expected, inflation was slightly lower in the second half than in the first. Our marketing and selling expenses increased 5% to $206 million compared with $196 million in the prior year. The rise reflected a 6% increase in advertising and consumer promotion expenses, higher spending to support innovation efforts and higher selling expense, partly offset by a decline due to currency. The increase in advertising and consumer promotion expense was driven by our U.S. Simple Meals segment, with increases in both U.S. Soup and U.S. Sauces. Administrative expense was $170 million for the quarter, which was comparable to a year ago. Below the operating earnings line, net interest expense fell $1 million or 4%. The adjusted tax rate declined 2.4 points to 30.1% from 32.5% in the prior year due to lower taxes on foreign earnings in the current year. Adjusted net earnings declined 8% this quarter, and adjusted earnings per share declined by 5%. Adjusted EPS benefited from a 2% decrease in diluted shares outstanding. Fourth quarter segment sales results and corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 21. Global Baking and Snacking organic sales increased 2%, driven by Pepperidge Farm growth. Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily from double-digit growth in Goldfish snack crackers, partially offset by sales reduction in cookies and frozen products. Sales in Arnott's were comparable to prior year as strong growth in Indonesia was offset by declines in Australia. U.S. Simple Meals sales increased 7%, led by a strong performance in U.S. Soup and growth in U.S. Sauces. The driver of a 9% gain in U.S. Soup sales was condensed soup, which benefited from movements in retailer inventory associated with the timing of promotional activity, as well as modest consumption increases. U.S. Sauce sales increased 4%. Sales of both Prego pasta sauce and Pace Mexican sauces achieved higher volumes, benefiting from an effective marketing campaign. Within the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, organic sales increased by 1%. Higher sales in Latin America, primarily from beverage products, were partly offset by declines in Canada, while sales in Europe and the Asia Pacific region were both comparable to the year-ago period. In Europe, volume-driven gains in France were offset by lower sales in Germany. In the Asia Pacific region, sales growth in Japan and Malaysia was offset by declines in our Australian Soup business. U.S. Beverage sales, which continued to outpace the category, increased 3% versus prior year. The increase was primarily driven by double-digit growth in V8 Splash beverages and gains in V8 V-Fusion beverages, partly offset by declines in V8 vegetable juice. Sales of V8 V-Fusion in the quarter benefited from the launch of new products, including smoothies, energy, sparkling and kids drinks. Sales of North American Foodservice decreased 2% due to declines in canned soup sales. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals rose by 3% to $104 million for the quarter. This increase reflected earnings gains in U.S. Soup, partly offset by a decline in U.S. Sauces. Within the segment, higher sales volume was partly offset by a decline in gross margin percentage and increased advertising expense. Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking declined 10%, reflecting lower earnings in Arnott's, partly offset by growth in Pepperidge Farm. For the segment, the decrease in earnings was primarily due to increased promotional spending and cost inflation, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages decreased by 17% despite higher sales volume, primarily due to an increase in marketing expense and a decline in gross margin percentage related to cost inflation. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings declined 38%, reflecting lower earnings in Canada and increased marketing investment in Latin America. For the international segment, the decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to cost inflation and increased promotional spending, partly offset by higher selling prices. Operating earnings within North American Foodservice decreased by $6 million or 38% versus prior year. The decrease was primarily due to increased promotional spending and cost inflation. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter rose 9%. Sales of condensed soup increased 14%, with double-digit growth in eating varieties and gains in cooking varieties. Condensed soups sales benefited from movements in retailer inventory levels. Estimated inventories were lower when we began the quarter compared with the year-ago level and ended higher than the prior year's quarter, largely in support of in-store promotional activities. Condensed soups sales also benefited from consumption increases. Ready-to-serve sales increased by 1%. Sales of Campbell Chunky soups rose slightly, while sales of Campbell's Select Harvest soups declined. Campbell's Slow Kettle Soups, which we launched in July 2011, added to the sales growth. Broth sales grew 4%, primarily due to volume-driven gains in aseptically-packaged broths and the benefit of the July 2011 launch of Swanson Flavor Boost concentrated broth, partly offset by declines in canned broth. The U.S. wet soup market share results from the latest 52 weeks, based on IRI multi-outlet data, is shown on Slide 25. Note that in prior quarters, our market share figures covered the food, drug and mass retailer channels and were based on IRI data as well as internal company estimates. This new data, which we plan to use going forward, has been expanded by IRI and now includes food, drug, mass, military and most dollar and club stores. We estimate that this more comprehensive consumption data covers approximately 80% of our U.S. retail sales, and the report no longer includes any adjustment based on internal estimates. Overall, Campbell performance in the new IRI retail universe is similar to that with the previous data set Based on the new data, Campbell's market share declined on a 52-week basis by 2.4 points to 58.9%. The change was primarily driven by ready-to-serve soup. In ready-to-serve soup, other branded players had market share gains. Our U.S. Soup dollar sales declined 2.9%, while the overall category rose 1.1% over the past 52 weeks. We underperformed the category as a result of our reduction and promotions and our list price increase, among other factors. Other branded players increased sales by 10% in the period, while private label sales rose 2.1%. Next, I'll move to an overview of full year results. For the year, both reported or organic net sales were comparable to the prior year, excluding items impacting comparability in both years, adjusted EBIT of $1.2 billion declined 9% versus a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to decline in gross margin percentage. Both sales and EBIT results were consistent with our annual guidance. Adjusted EBIT -- I'm sorry, adjusted EPS declined 4%. We continued to benefit from using our strong cash flows to repurchase shares. Organic net sales in fiscal 2012 were comparable to the prior year. As you can see on Chart 27, higher selling prices were offset by price -- by pressure from volume mix and the negative sales impact of our increased promotional spending. Our fiscal 2012 gross margin declined by 140 basis points to 38.8% from 40.2%. This decline was due to cost inflation, increased promotional spending and unfavorable mix, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. The inflation rate and cost of goods sold was approximately 6%, which was above our long-term average, yet at the low end of our expectations for the year. Marketing and selling expenses increased $13 million to $1.02 billion, primarily due to a 3% increase in advertising and consumer promotion expenses. As we mentioned at Analyst Day, we're now breaking out our full year advertising and consumer promotion expense. For the fiscal year, advertising and consumer promotion expense increased by $14 million to $506 million. Administrative expense for the year decreased $1 million to $611 million versus $612 million last year. Below the operating line, net interest expense fell 5% or $5 million to $106 million. This decline was primarily driven by lower rates on our long-term debt portfolio. The adjusted tax rate for the fiscal year decreased 50 basis points to 31%. For the fiscal year, adjusted net earnings declined 7%, and after benefiting from a 3% reduction in diluted shares outstanding, adjusted EPS declined 4% to $2.44. For the fiscal year, U.S. Simple Meals sales declined 1%, reflecting a 2% decrease in U.S. Soup, partly offset by sales growth in U.S. Sauces. Sales of U.S. Sauces increased slightly as gains in Prego pasta sauce were mostly offset by lower sales of Pace Mexican sauce and declines in other Simple Meal products. Organic sales of the Global Baking and Snacking segment increased 1% versus prior year, as growth in Pepperidge Farm was partly offset by declines in Arnott's. Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily due to double-digit growth in Goldfish snack crackers, partly offset by declines in cookie and frozen products. Arnott's performance was impacted by a difficult trading environment in Australia. As a result, Arnott's sales declined for the year, reflecting an increase in promotional spending that was not successful in increasing total sales. Within the International Simple Meals and Beverage segment, organic sales declined 2%, primarily due to lower sales in Canada, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, partly offset by gains in Latin America. U.S. Beverage sales increased 2% of sales of both V8 Splash beverages and V8 V-Fusion beverages rose, while sales of V-8 vegetable juice declined. Within the segment, volume gains were partially offset by the impact of higher promotional spending. Sales of the North American Foodservice segment increased 3%, primarily driven by volume-driven gains in fresh chilled soup sold at retail. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased $1 million to $658 million versus the prior year, reflecting earnings gains in U.S. Soup that were mostly offset by lower earnings in U.S. Sauce. For the segment, higher selling prices, productivity improvement and lower promotional spending were largely offset by volume declines and cost inflation. Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking declined by 11%, primarily due to cost inflation, increased promotional spending and higher advertising, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. International Simple Meals and Beverages earnings declined by 17%, primarily due to lower earnings in the Asia-Pacific region and Canada, as well as increased costs associated with the company's marketing expansion in China. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages declined by 26%, primarily due to inflation and the cost of juice concentrates and packaging materials, increased promotional spending and higher advertising expense. Operating earnings in North American Foodservice increased by 4%, primarily driven by higher selling prices and productivity improvements, partially offset by cost inflation. U.S. Soup sales for the fiscal year declined by 2%. As you can see on Chart 32, a 7-point decline in ready-to-serve soup was only partially offset by a 1-point increase in condensed soup and a 3-point increase in broth sales. The 1-point increase in condensed soup was driven by gains in eating varieties, while cooking varieties were even with the prior year. The 7-point decline in RTS reflected lower volumes, the result of higher promoted and non-promoted price points at retail, offset by the positive impact of the Slow Kettle launch. The increase in broth sales was primarily driven by volume gains and new item launches. Cash flow from operations was strong at $1.12 billion. This $20 million decline compared with last year reflected the impact of lower cash earnings, partly offset by lower pension contributions. Capital expenditures of $323 million were in line with our full year expectations and were up from the $272 million of a year ago. Looking ahead, we are forecasting capital spending in fiscal 2013 of approximately $330 million, including Bolthouse. During the fiscal year, we utilized our positive cash flow to repurchase 12.6 million shares at a cost of $412 million under our strategic share repurchase program announced in June 2011 and our practice of buying back shares to offset those issued under our equity-based compensation programs. Net debt was $2,455,000,000, a decrease of $145 million. For fiscal 2013, Campbell expects to grow total company sales between 10% and 12%, with adjusted EBIT growth of 4% to 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5%. Within these ranges, currency is expected to be neutral to slightly negative. We expect interest expense to increase approximately $30 million, primarily due to the acquisition financing, and we expect the tax rate to be between 31% and 32%. We expect our gross margin percentage to decline approximately 1 to 2 points, primarily due to the addition of Bolthouse, which operates with a lower margin structure. Gross margin on our base business is expected to be comparable to 2012, as we anticipate that our pricing actions and productivity savings will mostly offset the impact of 4% cost inflation. We also expect our operating margin to decline slightly in 2013, primarily due to the impact of Bolthouse. As we mentioned in July, our expectation for fiscal 2013 includes a modest reduction in advertising and consumer spending for the year, notably in U.S. Soup. Thus, we expect our marketing expense will decline slightly on our base business for next year. However, these savings will be offset by some upward pressure on SG&A from a 30% increase in pension expense, among other factors. The acquisition of Bolthouse Farms was completed in the first quarter, as I said, for $1.55 billion, plus the impact of purchase price adjustments. We financed that purchase with debt. Our fiscal 2013 guidance includes the estimated impact of the Bolthouse Farms acquisition, while excluding the impact of onetime transaction costs. We expect Bolthouse to contribute approximately $750 million to sales, which is about 10 points of sales growth for total Campbell. Bolthouse will drive most of our growth in adjusted EBIT, and it will add $0.05 to $0.07 to our adjusted EPS, including the estimated impact of purchase accounting and the suspension of our strategic share repurchase plan. Thank you. With that, I'll now turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Craig. At this time, we will conduct the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a little bit about the organic revenue growth within your F '13 guidance. So I believe that Bolthouse -- Craig, I think you said that it will add 10 points of revenue growth such that organic revenue would be just 0% to 2% within your guidance range. Given that Campbell's is accelerating the new product introductions with -- I think you actually went from 47 to 50 on the slides, so you're now showing 50 new products planned for F '13, and that Campbell's will realize price increases in F '13, partially because of the inflationary pressures. Why is organic revenue growth so low? Why isn't it going to be something a lot better than 0% to 2%?
B. Craig Owens: Well, David, I think we continue to see some headwinds from the consumer environment. As we've also said, we're going to lower our advertising spend in the U.S. Soup business. While we think that has good payback to it, it will have a negative impact on our sales number in U.S. Soup for the year. And it's -- I would point out that we are anticipating an improvement versus our prior year organic sales with all of that in.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe just one follow-up on that then. Can you quantify the fourth quarter buy-in on condensed soup? I believe there's a 5% price increase in the fourth quarter for condensed and that the retailers bought in ahead of that, hence, the significant growth in condensed. Will that -- I assume that, that negatively hits volumes in 1Q '13, but can you give us some quantification of what the magnitude you expect to happen in the first quarter?
B. Craig Owens: It is very difficult to precisely quantify. I think, though, one thing that's important, it's not so much the impact of the buy-in prior to price increase as it is that we had pretty significant consumer promotion activity going on at the end of the quarter, which caused some increase in inventories in-store. We expect to see that sell-through. But you're right, there could be a little bit of overhang into Q1.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I mean, the -- what we saw was a normal situation around our price increase, and actually coming into our F '13, a reasonable inventory level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Denise, excluding Bolthouse, you've grown or you intend to grow EPS this year by 1% to 2%, which is obviously quite a bit away from the 5% to 7% long-term target. How quickly do you think can you get to that long-term target? And what needs to happen for you to get there?
Denise M. Morrison: We recognize that the EPS will represent an improvement in trend on the base business but won't get us all the way there. We're not really disclosing a time frame that we will get there, but we're just giving guidance for the entire business inclusive of Bolthouse Farms.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Then maybe asked differently, at the Analyst Day and today, again, you've reiterated that the growth rate that you're looking at for 2013 isn't quite what you expected last year. How much worse is the growth rate for this year than what you expected when you put out your strategic plan last year?
Jennifer Driscoll: I think, Thilo, we talked about a return to our long-term targets, which is 3% to 4% sales, 4% to 5% EBIT and 5% to 7% EPS.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. And I think that the delivery this year was in line with the guidance that we gave in July 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick point of clarification. What sort of cash contribution do you expect to make towards your pensions this year?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. We expect that to total about $85 million on a consolidated basis.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And any expectations around the possibility of refinancing your December maturity? Or should we continue to see that paid down?
B. Craig Owens: I think you can assume we'll pay that down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You had mentioned, I think, some positive consumption or take-away in condensed, even when you exclude the inventory adjustments that you discussed. So while it's a small quarter overall, I'm just trying to get a sense if you can glean anything in the data that you have. I guess that makes you either incrementally more or less comfortable that the pricing you're taking in condensed can be done with kind of manageable impacts on volume.
Denise M. Morrison: We -- Andrew, first of all, we have seen some positive consumption across Soup, particularly on condensed soup, and that's encouraging. We do feel that the price increase that we took will result in a reasonable increase in the retail price on the shelf to the consumer. However, we are planning for some volume impact due to that price increase. So that we're expecting that there'll be some pros and cons as we go into next year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then with condensed in the quarter up as much as it was, I guess I would've thought the mix impact would have benefited gross margins in the U.S. Simple Meals segment more than it did. Was there something else offsetting that, in that segment, that you can clarify?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. You're probably seeing a little bit of the promotional spending associated with the retailer activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sticking on the topic of promotions in Soup, I imagine a lot of your merchandising plans for the early part of the soup season are locked and loaded now. With that said, any expectation of recovering some of the loss merchandising support you ceded to your competitor last year?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, as you know, a couple of years ago, we had engaged in some pretty deep discounting in the category that we walked away from last year in an effort to spend more and invest more in brand building. We believe going into this season, we will have spending against an optimized driver of demand, which is inclusive of promotions and advertising and consumer promotions. So we think that we're working this season in a much more balanced way.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Denise, should I interpret that to mean sort of comparable levels to last year? That last year is sort of the new base to look at?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, yes, that's correct.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And real quick on innovation. Can you update us -- you said successful acceptance by retailer. In terms of net distribution, have you been able to secure some of the net distribution gain in Soup? Or has it been primarily a swap for other items?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. It's still early days, Jason, but we are on track with our new products broadly. And our -- the retailers have accepted the products and it's been very positive. So we expect that, that momentum will continue, and the proof is what will the consumer do. So we'll be given an early read on that next quarter.
B. Craig Owens: So it will be a distribution gain, but it's too early to quantify.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my question maybe to Craig on the outlook in terms of the EBIT growth versus the EPS growth. How much of a -- I think you said there's some headwind from interest expense on Bolthouse. And then you've also got -- which way, on an operating basis, is the tax rate swinging? And then, is there any kind of net benefit of the shares year-to-year? I'm just trying to kind of judge the difference between the 4 to 6 versus the 3 to 5 because it would seem that, that might be more of a gap.
B. Craig Owens: Right. The -- so the tax rate might be slightly negative. The bigger impact is interest and also the cessation of our share repurchase program.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But Craig, are you following me to the extent that, okay, tax rate is slightly negative. Interest expense is a clear negative. You're not going to have the benefit of the shares, so why wouldn't the difference between EBIT and EPS growth be, let's say, more negative?
B. Craig Owens: So there is a carryover benefit on shares, so we stopped the share repurchase program. But because we bought throughout the year in F '12, there's a carryover benefit in the share count, and that's a -- that's a slight positive, and that's partially offsetting the interest expense.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then, I'm sorry, if I could just follow up real quickly on Arnott's. I think you said that Australia continued to be challenged, but that was offset by, I guess, some export business to -- whether it was Indonesia or Malaysia or someplace. But why shouldn't we still be pretty worried about Australia and Arnott's, given how profitable that business is?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Just one clarification. We have businesses in both Malaysia and Indonesia. We have production facilities in both those places so -- and both those businesses did well.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Okay.
Denise M. Morrison: I think -- I just came back from Australia and had extensive meetings with the team and the customers there. And I think the consumer environment is still challenged. The consumers' savings rate is probably one of the highest it's ever been, and there is some concern over that. However, the team has recognized that this is an environment that we have to play in probably for a while. And so the joint business plans that we've been able to work with in the marketplace are very encouraging. And so we -- during F '12, we actually continued to invest in brand building and the innovation pipeline, so we believe that we have strong plans going into 2013 that, hopefully, adjust to the situation.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is that one of the reasons -- is Arnott's in Australia one of the reasons why you're being a little bit more cautious on the guidance, including sales, which I think was one of Dave Driscoll's questions?
Denise M. Morrison: I think that's part of it. I think the other is we've been pretty conservative on our estimates for our new product innovation. The consumer will let us know if we can be more exuberant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you a question in relation to marketing and the 3% increase that we saw for the year. I just wanted to confirm -- we've talked about this in previous quarters. But that, obviously, was up pretty nicely for Soup but just down -- and was it down in all other divisions from there? I'm just trying to understand kind of the magnitude of the shift that occurred across the divisions.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So Chris, the primary increases would have been against our sauce business, against our adult cracker business within Pepperidge Farm and against our beverage business in North America. Those would have been the sources of most significant increases. There would've been increases in some of our emerging marketing businesses, too. But those are pretty small relative to the total.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then just to understand, then, for fiscal '13, that increase then -- I'm sorry, that I think you said a slight decline from marketing. Is that -- was that just the U.S. Soup or was that for the overall company?
B. Craig Owens: The decline -- well, it will be a decline for the overall company that is driven by a decline in U.S. Soup primarily.
Denise M. Morrison: For the overall company, though, our total marketing, which will be advertising, consumer and trade promotion, will be about average with the industry.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. If I could just ask a follow-up then. In relation to -- just to be clear on the new product shipments, where there -- there were some in the fourth quarter. I'm just curious if that was an incremental benefit year-over-year to the revenue growth in Q4?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, but not very materially.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. A small amount shipped for some shelf stuff with retailers that did their planogramming in the fourth quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So most of that will come really then Q1, which we're in now.
Denise M. Morrison: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a question on condensed. There's -- there have been some issues, I think, with excess capacity on the private label side in that business. And I'm just wondering, when you think about that in the context of price increases that you're taking for this year, are you at all concerned that the price gaps in that part of the business are going to widen in fiscal '13?
Denise M. Morrison: I think that we will always watch price gaps versus private label and competition. Private label in the Soup business has traditionally been about 10 points below the average, so we're not expecting that this would be a huge factor.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just one quick clarification. I think you said in your prepared remarks that Bolthouse is going to drive most of the EBIT growth in fiscal '13. But I think, just doing kind of some math on it, it looks like Bolthouse should drive more than all of the EBIT growth. So I'm just trying to make sure that I'm understanding that correctly.
B. Craig Owens: If you look at the base business implied in the guidance, it's about flat at EBIT, slightly up but pretty close to flat.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Maybe I'll follow up on that, but I'll take it off line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Craig, just wanted to get a little bit more color on your outlook for cost of goods inflation for this year. And I think, going back to what you said in July, it looks like the range is the same, but I just want to make sure. Has anything really changed in terms of the cost inflation outlook you're using today versus what you said in July?
B. Craig Owens: So the F '13 outlook for input materials, packaging and energy is around 3%, and the total inflation assumption for cost of sales is around 4% for F '13.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the difference between the 3% and the 4% is you've got some higher like pension expense and health care costs. Is that it?
B. Craig Owens: Precisely.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then are you still -- if I remembered it correctly, you were expecting, net of productivity, the inflation would be closer to 0% to 2%. Is that still the case?
B. Craig Owens: Yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of the way it phases, anything that we should think about in terms of first half versus second half?
B. Craig Owens: No, I don't think so. I mean, we'll keep updating you through the year, but there's no significant difference, I don't think, as we look across the year.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just finally, how much of it is locked in for the year versus might be subject to volatility?
B. Craig Owens: We tend to average being out about 6 months. We may be a little bit longer than that right now, given the way that the commodity markets have moved, but you should think of us, generally, as being about 6 months out.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just sneak one in on -- in the same theme. Just all of the pricing -- you've priced fully to all of your inflation expectation, like there's not incremental pricing action you'd need at this point.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I -- we're not going to announce future pricing activity at this point. But yes, what we said at Analyst Day, and what is still true, is that between the pricing we have already announced in the Soup business and the productivity savings that we're expecting, we're pretty well covering off the cost inflation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up a little bit with Craig. You said it was difficult to quantify the retailer inventory on what you mentioned, some impact on the Soup, Sauces and Beverages volume. How much visibility do you have into that inventory? And like, I mean, is it -- do you expect those levels to grow significantly with a lot of this new product activity in the coming quarter?
B. Craig Owens: The thing that's difficult about it, Jonathan, is that there's a tremendous seasonality to our inventory movements anyway. So the fourth quarter always sees an inventory decline in total versus the third quarter. And what we saw this year was that both the starting point a little bit lower than the previous year, ending point a little bit higher, but all in the context of decreasing inventories. In the first quarter, we almost always see an inventory increase. And so trying to quantify what the net impact of that will be is just difficult on big inventory numbers. If we look at the warehouse inventory levels that we have visibility to, they were very normal for the fourth quarter. The in-store inventory was somewhat higher than normal at the end of the fourth quarter because of the promotional activity that we've talked about, and that's what created a pretty big swing in a pretty small quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So operating earnings, if I'm looking at Page 31, I think it is, on the slide deck, it looks as though outside of U.S. Simple Meals and Foodservice, you've obviously had a big decline in operating earnings across some of these segments here in fiscal '12. And I think a lot of that was due to competitive dynamics and cost pressures and so on. For those segments where we have seen a major decline, are we through the worst here? Where are the bright spots in terms of what could get a lot better in fiscal '13? And where are things still very tough from a profit growth perspective?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. For example, in the beverage business, next year, we'll have a combination of both price and productivity improvements that will lead to an improved EBIT situation there. We also are expecting some lower commodity costs and some stronger enablers that will kick in about the middle of the year. But we have plans on most of the businesses to work the EBIT line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: 2 questions. One is, I don't know if you answered why retailers were promoting condensed during the summer. I mean, it was the hottest summer in history. And then secondly, getting back to Ed Aaron's question, the math I had on Bolthouse was that operating profit was running at about $92 million on an adjusted basis. I have assumed maybe $100 million of a contribution for fiscal '13. And if I do it that way, I get core EBIT down like 2% to 4%. And I just wondered if that has anything to do with the mix shift away from Soup in fiscal '13 as you lower advertising and you probably have a sales decline.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So, well, first, with respect to promotional activity, I think it's back-to-school promotional activity that we're seeing, which is, in some cases, getting earlier in the year than it has been. But I think that's the answer to that one. With respect to Bolthouse, you have to recognize that versus the historical numbers that you've seen for Bolthouse, there is asset write-up as part of purchase accounting that will lead to higher depreciation that they've had historically. There's both an accounting change and some retention bonus kind of activity that we have in the compensation expense related to Bolthouse. And then there are certain items that are related to Bolthouse that actually fall into the Campbell P&L as part of the integration of Bolthouse. So I think all of those things are leading you to over-impute operating earnings to Bolthouse. The reality is that the base business EBIT organic growth is around flat.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And as far as like maybe Soup being down a little bit, does that have more of an adverse effect on profit being down? Or is it about the same? If sales of Soup were down one, maybe profit for the overall business would be down one?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Well, Soup contribution, particularly in condensed, is higher. It's -- I think it's pretty well understood, it's higher than the company total. But I -- you're looking at some fairly small movements here. I don't think -- if you come back and think about it margin, right, we've said gross margins would be pretty comparable on the base business to prior year, and, really, the same thing is true at operating profit, too.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Last question. Craig, higher grain costs, are those going to influence your Pepperidge Farm and Arnott business at all? Or is it all in the guidance?
B. Craig Owens: Well, it's in the guidance. I mean, they do influence it, of course. There is pressure more at Pepperidge than at Arnott's, given the 2 fairly distinct grain markets that we're talking about. But it is anticipated in the guidance that we would have pressure at Pepperidge.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Soup. I just wanted to get a better sense of how you're currently thinking about the scale of the various new ready-to-serve products being shipped in fiscal '13. For items like Go! Soups and Gourmet Bisques, are your goals to reach, I guess, a similar level of ACV to what we saw for Slow Kettle in 2012? And one quick follow-up. With respect to slotting fees, can you give us a sense of whether you incurred anything material in the fourth quarter and whether we should expect a more significant impact here to be concentrated in Q1 or Q2?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. We had planned for Slow Kettle to reach a lower ACV distribution than it actually did achieve. And we're planning for our new Go! Soups, Bisques and Skillet Sauces to reach an average amount of ACV distribution that we have seen in the past. And so far, that seems to be the case.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So slotting fees for this year's fourth quarter were up about $6 million versus prior year same quarter. And you should not expect a significant difference in Q1 related to slotting fees.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: 2 quick follow-ups on other questions. On the marketing spend, going to be a little bit lower year-over-year for fiscal '13. One might have assumed that new product news would necessitate and even respond to higher levels of advertising. Is Campbell thinking about shifting some ad weight away from imagery ads, such as the "Amazing what soup can do" ads, that are more general and product -- and category broad in terms of its support levels and towards more awareness new product launch type ads? Is that some of the thinking?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, our marketing expense will be down modestly versus this year. And our A&C expense will be down due to reduced spending on our U.S. Soup, but we will be more than competitive in our share of voice on that business. For our new products, the marketing support will vary, but it will have a mix of TV, print, digital and promotional vehicles, each at competitive levels. And that's how we have planned the year. If they tend to take off in a bigger way, we will subsequently increase the investment.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Overall spending on new product support will be up, David, so the decrease is related to the base.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just also a follow-up on the timing of the shelving of your various new products. Are you fully distributed now for what you think you're going to have out there, not just the new packaging like the Go! Soups but also the repackaging of your Light soups? I mean, are you where you think you'll be in a few months' time? Are you pretty much re-shelved at this point?
Denise M. Morrison: Most of the items have really just started shipping. We've shipped some in the fourth quarter and some in -- have been shipping in August. So it usually takes about 3 to 4 weeks to get through the system to be totally on shelf before we actually start the marketing around them.
Jennifer Driscoll: And with respect to Select Harvest and 100% Natural, that's going to take place over a period of time, [indiscernible] October and November.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. That will be a flow-through, exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash from Morningstar.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was just curious. Obviously, cash flow continues to be very solid and, while you still are well focused, appears to be paying down the debt related to the Bolthouse acquisition. I just wanted to get a sense for your appetite for additional acquisitions going forward, either in your core category or expanding your platforms further in international markets.
B. Craig Owens: So I think we said both at Analyst Day and also when we did the call on Bolthouse that while we're suspending our share repurchase, we're not suspending our activities to continue to look for good, value-accretive acquisition targets or partnership opportunities or JV opportunities where they make sense. We do feel like we've still got some capacity within our balance sheet, and so we continue to try to advance our strategies by looking for those kinds of opportunities. Now having said that, they're few and far between out there, and we're very rigorous in the way that we evaluate them. But we have not -- we haven't stopped looking.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can I ask one follow-up? With regards to your comment that they're few and far between, is that because the premiums that sellers are looking for are too high? Or is that just the potential for -- or the potential quality companies that are out there is small in and of itself?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think it's both things interacting with each other, right? There, just numerically, there are not a lot of good quality properties. And consequently, when one does come to market, it tend -- there tends to be pretty strong competition for it.
Denise M. Morrison: And we're very disciplined about the way we're going at this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Denise, you mentioned new products. You're being -- I interpret what you said as being conservative in terms of what you're modeling for new product contribution to sales growth. Can you give us a sense of what you are expecting, and so we can judge whether it's conservative or not?
Denise M. Morrison: It's early days, and again, we just started shipping. So as the year unfolds, we'll have an early read in quarter 1. And then in quarter 2, we should have a much better read on the consumer acceptance of these products and the consumption resulting from that. So I'd rather wait until that point in time than speculate.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. With that, we will conclude our Q&A session, and we'll move over to Denise for the wrap-up.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you for your questions. And we'd like to leave you with 4 key takeaways from today's call: first, we reported positive organic sales growth this quarter and finished the year with sales and EBIT consistent with the guidance we gave in July 2011 and EPS slightly ahead of that guidance; second, we told you that for fiscal 2013, we expect 10% to 12% sales growth, 4% to 6% growth from adjusted EBIT and 3% to 5% growth in EPS, including the impact of Bolthouse Farms; third, we plan to continue investing in new product innovation and brand building to optimize all of the drivers of demand; and fourth, we remain excited about the addition of Bolthouse Farms, which offers a growth platform in the faster-growing packaged fresh category and increased scale in healthy beverages. We've made progress for those strategies in fiscal 2012, and while clearly we have more work to do, we believe that the strategies we outlined to you a little over a year ago are starting to gain traction. We look forward to giving you an update on our execution of the strategies next quarter, including the early read on this year's new product launches. Thank you very much for your support of Campbell's in fiscal 2012, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the Barclays Back-to-School Conference in Boston on Wednesday and Thursday.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks for joining us for Campbell's Fourth Quarter Earnings webcast. Replays are going to be available in approximately 2 hours by dialing 1 (855) 859-2056 or 1 (404) 537-3406, with the passcode of 21752010. If you are a reporter and have follow-up questions, please call Anthony Sanzio at (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts may call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. With that, we will conclude today's program, and you may now disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-05-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update followed by comments on our results for the third quarter. Craig will give you his overview of the quarter and first 9 months, as well as our expectations for fiscal 2012. Then after we take your questions, Denise will wrap up the call with a few closing remarks. Before we go over the usual reminders, we'd like to invite all of our listeners to join our webcast next week on Wednesday, May 30, at 8 a.m. Eastern Time. We'll be webcasting Denise Morrison's presentation at the Sanford Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York. Today, as usual, we've created slides to accompany our quarterly earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in our presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Because our presentation includes non-GAAP measures, as noted by SEC rules you'll see on Slide 4, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying the presentation. These slides, as well as our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data, also can be found on our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Campbell's Third Quarter Conference Call. Nine months into our transition, we remain confident and focused on executing our strategic plan and improving our performance across our 3 broad categories: simple meals, baked snacks and healthy beverages. We are making significant investments in our brands and developing a meaningful innovation pipeline to satisfy both our loyal core consumers and to capture the taste buds of new ones. Before I became CEO last August, the Campbell leadership team examined the fundamentals of our entire company. We challenged the conventional thinking about our businesses and our strategies. The strategic framework we put in place at the beginning of this year is the foundation on which we build our growth plans. This was not a simple course correction. We are building a business for the long term. This morning, I will provide my perspective on our execution as we continue to advance our 3 growth strategies. As many of you know, those strategies are: stabilize and then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals; expand our international presence; and continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and baked snacks. Under our new strategic framework, we have placed the consumer at the center of everything we do. In the quarter, consumers continue to be pressured, particularly in developed markets. This is the new reality we face. The story is a familiar one. Trips to stores are down, and dollars per trip are down, impacting the performance of food sales across the industry. In fact, many center store categories, particularly in the grocery channel, are facing significant growth challenges. Consumers are making different choices, including where they shop, what they purchase and how tightly they manage their food budgets. Our overarching goal is to delight consumers with tasty, affordable, nourishing, convenient food and do it their way. Our consumer insights and understanding of key trends around culinary, taste, wellness, technology and globalization are having a profound impact on how we approach our business. These insights are fueling our innovation pipeline for fiscal 2013 and beyond. In terms of brand building, we recognize that optimizing all of the drivers of demand will look different for each of our businesses depending upon the consumer, customer and competitive situation. In our U.S. Soup business, this means having the right combination of drivers, including advertising and consumer promotion, product quality, differentiated positioning of our brands, the right price value, trade promotion and, finally, distribution channels and placement on shelf. Getting this right on our base business and executing with excellence is foundational to our growth. On top of a stable base business, the innovation agenda that we have set in motion will accelerate our growth over time. This quarter, we significantly increased our long-term brand-building efforts across most of our businesses, with advertising and consumer promotion up 13%. As we announced in July, we targeted $100 million in new brand-building and innovation initiatives this year. This investment is critical for our future growth, and we are on track to spend that $100 million on new product launches, brand-building, R&D, funding our innovation teams and emerging markets. At CAGNY, we shared some of the initial innovations resulting from this investment. We now have 52 new products going to market that we’ll start to ship in quarter 4. Customers have responded favorably to the new products that we have planned. Although we had executed against our new initiative spending, our total advertising and consumer spending for the year is not as high as we originally planned due to our ongoing management of base spending in a tougher environment. For example, we have shifted some marketing expense to trade promotion in our Global Baking and Snacking businesses to address competitive issues. Excluding currency, our total sales growth in the quarter was 1% compared to a year ago, which is also an improvement versus the first half. U.S. Beverages led the way with a 5% increase, driven by market share gains and new product introductions. Global Baking and Snacking sales increased 2%, led by Pepperidge Farm. Organic sales rose 2% in International Simple Meals and Beverages, and North America Foodservice sales were comparable with last year. U.S. Simple Meals declined 2%. As we anticipated, our pullback in trade spending and price realization in a competitive arena had an impact on our sales of U.S. Soup. Having said that, I am not happy with our U.S. Soup performance this quarter. I know we can do better. We continue to review all aspects of the U.S. Soup business and anticipate making further execution adjustments based on new insights. The U.S. Simple Meals business is meeting our profit expectations but is not yet delivering top line growth. In another part of the world, we continue to struggle in Australia with a difficult consumer and customer environment. We reiterated our guidance for F'12 today. The guidance reflects the strategic transition we are making and our investments in brand-building and innovation to change our top line trajectory. It also reflects the headwinds we are facing in the U.S. and Australia. We will be near the low end of our guidance range for sales and adjusted EBIT and near the high end of the range for adjusted EPS. Bigger picture, we are establishing the foundation to drive long-term growth at Campbell. With that, I'll turn the call over to Craig for his analysis of our financial results and expectations.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise, and good morning. I'll spend a few minutes to review our third quarter results and segment highlights, and I'll follow that with a recap of our year-to-date results and finish by briefly discussing our full year guidance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $1.8 billion, comparable to the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of currency, organic net sales increased by 1%. We recognized some additional restructuring charges in connection with the program that we announced last June. Excluding that impact, operating earnings decreased 13% this quarter to $268 million. This was primarily due to cost inflation, increased marketing investment and lower volume, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. On a segment basis, sales gains in Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Beverages were offset by declines in U.S. Simple Meals and International Simple Meals and Beverages. Operating earnings were down across all of our segments. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.56 this quarter, a 2% decline as compared to the third quarter of 2011. Earnings per share benefited from a lower tax rate at fewer shares outstanding, mostly offsetting the lower EBIT. In the third quarter, our reported net sales were comparable to the prior year. Organic sales increased by 1%. You'll note that the detail on Chart 15 does not add due to rounding. As you can see on the chart, the increase in pricing of 3 points was offset by the negative impact of increased promotional spending of 2 points and a decrease in volume and mix of 1 point. The majority of the pricing gains have come from our list price actions in U.S. Soup and in our Baking and Snacking segment, taken to partly offset the impact of inflation. The promotional spending variance reflects the higher rates of spending in our Baking and Snacking business. Our gross margin declined from 40.4% in the third quarter of 2011 to 38.8% in the current quarter, a decrease of 160 basis points. The decline was primarily due to cost inflation, increased promotional spending and unfavorable mix, partially offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. Overall, our inflation rate and cost of goods sold was about 6% for the quarter. Our gross margin performance is below our own earlier expectations, primarily due to higher rates of promotional spending in our Baking and Snacking segment. The negative mix impact reflects our lower margin segments outperforming our higher margin segments. Our marketing and selling expenses increased by 5% to $256 million compared with $243 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher advertising and consumer promotion expenses, partially offset by lower selling expense. In the third quarter, advertising and consumer promotion expense increased by 13%, reflecting brand building investments across most of our businesses. Most notably, we significantly increased advertising in our U.S. Simple Meals segment, accounting for more than 1/2 of this increase. Administrative expenses decreased $4 million to $144 million, primarily due to the benefit of cost savings from restructuring initiatives. As I noted earlier, adjusted EBIT declined 13% for the quarter. Below that line, net interest expense increased 13%, an increase of $3 million, reflecting a higher proportion of fixed-rate debt in the portfolio. The adjusted tax rate declined by 8.2 points to 26.1% from 34.3% in the prior year due to lower taxes on foreign earnings associated with revised dividend projections. Reflecting the lower tax rate, adjusted net earnings were down just 4%. Adjusted earnings per share declined 2%, benefiting from a 2% decrease in diluted shares outstanding. Third quarter segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on Slide 18. U.S. Simple Meals sales declined 2%, driven by declines in U.S. Soup. U.S. Soup sales fell 3% this quarter as lower volumes were only partially offset by higher selling prices. Within U.S. Simple Meals, sales of U.S. Sauces were comparable to the third quarter of 2011, with Prego pasta sauce achieving a 3% volume-driven sales gain, benefiting from increased advertising support and new items. Sales of Pace Mexican sauce were comparable to prior year, while other simple meal brands declined. Global Baking and Snacking segment sales increased by 2%, driven by growth in Pepperidge Farm. Pepperidge Farm sales increased, primarily driven by double-digit growth in Goldfish Snack Crackers, partially offset by declines in bakery and cookie products. Sales in Arnott's were comparable to prior year as strong growth in Indonesia was offset by a decline in Australia, driven by increased promotional spending. Within the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, organic sales increased 2% as higher sales in Canada, Europe and Latin America were partly offset by lower sales in the Asia-Pacific region. In Europe, sales increased due to volume-driven gains in France, partially offset by lower sales in Germany. And in the Asia-Pacific region, sales decreased primarily due to declines in Australian soup, partially offset by growth in Japan and Malaysia. U.S. Beverages sales, which continue to outpace the category, increased 5% versus prior year. Sales increased, primarily driven by double-digit growth in V8 Splash beverages and gains in V8 V-Fusion beverages. Sales in the quarter benefited from a range of new products, including V8 V-Fusion Smoothies, V8 V-Fusion Sparkling Flavors and energy drinks. Sales at North America Foodservice were comparable to prior year as volume-driven gains in fresh chilled soup sold at retail were offset by declines in frozen and canned soup. Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals decreased by 14% to $120 million this quarter. This decline reflected lower earnings in both U.S. Soup and U.S. Sauces. Within the segment, lower volumes, cost inflation and increased advertising and consumer promotion expenses were partly offset by higher selling price and productivity improvements. I mentioned higher selling prices in U.S. Simple Meals. Recall that we took a 5% increase across U.S. Soup in June 2011 due to significant inflation. We expect continued inflation, although at a more moderate level, in soup input cost for this next year. Consequently, we're taking another list price increase in June of 2012. The 5% list price increase applies only to condensed soup. Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking declined by 11%, reflecting decreases in both Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm. The decrease in earnings was primarily due to the decline in gross margin percentage, driven by cost inflation and promotional spending, partly offset by higher selling prices. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages were down 17%, primarily due to the impact of cost inflation, increased promotional spending and higher advertising, partly offset by volume gains. Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings declined by 10%, primarily due to lower earnings in the Asia-Pacific region. Operating earnings within North American Foodservice decreased by $2 million or 9% versus the prior year. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter decreased 3%. Within soup, sales of condensed soup decreased 5%, with declines in both cooking and eating varieties. RTS sales decreased by 1%, reflecting declines in microwavable soup, partly offset by the sales from the launch of Campbell's Slow Kettle soups. Canned RTS soup sales were comparable to a year ago. Broth sales declined 4% as the decline in canned products were partly offset by the introduction of Swanson Flavor Boost concentrated broth. The U.S. wet soup market share results for the latest 52 weeks based on IRI data and internal company estimates is shown here on Slide 22. Campbell's market share declined 2.3 points to 59.6%. The change was driven by ready-to-serve soup, and ready-to-serve, other branded players and private label had market share gains. Our U.S. Soup dollar sales declined 3.6%, while overall category sales were unchanged in dollars over the past 52 weeks. We underperformed the category as a result of our reduction in promotions and our list price increase, among other factors. Other branded players increased sales by 7.9% in the period, while private label sales rose 1.8%. For the first 9 months, reported net sales were comparable to prior year. Excluding the impact of currency, organic net sales decreased by 1%. Excluding items impacting comparability, adjusted EBIT of $1 billion was down 8% versus a year ago. This decrease was primarily due to cost inflation, lower volumes and increased promotional spending, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains. Adjusted EPS declined 4% less -- by 4%, which was only about 1/2 of the EBIT decline as we continue to benefit from our share repurchase program. Diluted shares outstanding fell by 3%. Below the operating profit line, net interest expense fell 5% or $4 million to $81 million. This decline was primarily driven by lower rates on our long-term debt portfolio. The adjusted tax rate for the first 9 months of the year increased 10 basis points to 31.2%. We expect the full year tax rate to be between 31% and 32%, similar to last year. For the first 9 months, net earnings declined 7%. And benefiting from a 3% reduction in diluted shares outstanding, EPS declined 4% to $2.03. Cash flow from operations was $838 million compared to $858 million in the prior year period. The decline reflected the impact of lower earnings, partly offset by lower cash payments associated with pension and other benefit plans. Capital expenditures of $173 million were up from $133 million a year ago. For the year, we continue to forecast capital spending of approximately $325 million. During the first 9 months of the year, we utilized our positive cash flow to repurchase 8.3 million shares at a cost of $272 million under our strategic share repurchase program announced in June of 2011 and our practice of buying back shares to offset those issued under our equity-based compensation programs. Net debt was $2.4 billion, a decrease of $282 million. As noted this morning in the earnings release, we expect net sales growth of between 0% and 2%; a decline in adjusted EBIT of between 9% and 7%; and a decline in adjusted EPS of between 7% and 5%, putting the adjusted EPS in the range of $2.35 to $2.42. We expect improved sales performance and increased investment in brand-building and innovation in the fourth quarter. Based on these estimates, we expect to achieve our guidance, with sales and adjusted EBIT near the lower end of the range and adjusted EPS benefiting from a favorable tax rate near the upper end of the range. As previously mentioned, we expect the full year tax rate to be between 31% and 32%. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: At this time, we'll conduct the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Sean?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just to start on the soup business, wanted to ask about the decision to take price on condensed but not on ready-to-serve. Is it -- is that maybe an indication that you feel like you've kind of gone too far this past year to try to better separate the relative pricing between condensed and ready-to-serve?
Denise M. Morrison: Ed, yes. We believe that the list price increase that we took on ready-to-serve, coupled with the pullback on trade spending, was enough this year and that increasing the price on that particular line of soup next year was not prudent. That said, we believe there is still pricing power on our condensed line.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just as a kind of a general follow-up to the soup business. I mean, Denise, do you feel like looking at kind of where you are year-to-date that -- you have this plan to stabilize and then grow the soup business. Do you think you've kind of hit the point of stabilization yet? Or do you think it's premature to kind of claim victory on that?
Denise M. Morrison: We have just hit the point of stabilization. I wouldn't declare victory yet, but we are largely where we expected to be year-to-date, despite the third quarter.
Jennifer Driscoll: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a follow-up to Ed's question. Just in terms of the price increase in condensed soup, Denise, can you just talk about what the interaction between ready-to-serve and condensed soups has been, I guess, through the course of this year and then just how you feel or think about the price gap right now between condensed and ready-to-soup (sic) [ready-to-serve]? And I guess my question is just simply, is there some risk that condensed bleeds market share to ready to soup -- ready-to-serve if you take a -- taking another price increase?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, first of all, on the price increase, pricing and productivity improvements must offset the inflation that we're going to experience next year so that we can invest in brand-building and innovation. We think that's very important. As we plan this, we are not crossing any key pricing thresholds, particularly on our icons. And we anticipate to maintain the normal price gaps between ready-to-serve and condensed, which would minimize the interaction between the 2 soup sub-categories. And of course, we'll watch this very closely as it plays out in the marketplace.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you feel like you're at a good point right now in terms of the way those 2 have interacted with each other.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we feel that we've made significant improvements since we've pulled away from the severe price discounting that we had last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you, in any relation to some of the new products you have come out, they're more heavily focused on ready-to-serve. There’ll be some more promotional spending behind those products next year. Is that at all a factor in this decision on pricing between condensed and ready-to-serve? And I guess, also I understand, with those new products, do you anticipate incremental shelf space for those products through the launch in early fiscal '13?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, Chris, let me take the last part of that question first. Obviously, we are introducing double the rate of new products that we had last year, and our sales team is working right now collaboratively with retailers to make sure that we get the proper shelf space to accommodate those products. So that's in the works, and the response has been very favorable by our customers. And we focus those new products largely on Millennials and their preferences, and so that's why we have more in the RTS line of soup than in condensed. But that said, we are working on introducing some new news to condensed soup as well, and we will continue to do that.
B. Craig Owens: I think the price increase or the lack of a price increase on RTS doesn't have much to do with the new products. For the most part, the new products will have independent pricing decisions against them. There'll be a few line extensions and new variety flavors in the existing RTS line, but it didn't play much into the decision about price increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Denise and Craig, I had a feeling from your previous communications that you were going to be looking at the second half of this fiscal year as more of a clear view about the momentum in your business. Do you feel like this quarter is a pretty good judgment quarter for you as you look at your business and your brand momentum? Or do you think there was still some noise in there that we should be thinking about?
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the momentum is better on our beverages and our baked snacks businesses and our sauce businesses. I don't think the momentum is better on Australia. And I think it's better than it was, but it's still not all the way where we want it to be. And in our soup business, we're about where we would -- we expect it to be on a year-to-date basis. And we are optimistic that as we introduce the new innovation, going forward, we'll start to pick up accelerations in our growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My question is regarding the effectiveness of your marketing spend, especially in light of some of the issues you discussed relating to the center of store category. So you talked about, I think, something like 52 new products. I mean, what are you doing differently in terms of your innovation to increase the effectiveness of your brand-building efforts? Because clearly, the level of your brand-building, it seems like you've taken it down on your base business.
Denise M. Morrison: The effect of our increased marketing support was mixed. We had, as I said, much better performance in beverages, baked snacks in Canada. And I think it's fair to say that we're constantly looking at the efficiency and effectiveness of our advertising and consumer promotion. And we also have an awareness that there are multiple drivers of demand that need to be balanced, and that balance could look different based on the business. So in our soup business, we had increased advertising and consumer promotion. However, with the pullback on trade promotion and the increased price that the consumer realized, we don't believe that we struck the right balance this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Craig, I think you said the adjusted tax rate declined in part because of lower taxes on foreign earnings associated with revised dividend projections. Is that correct?
B. Craig Owens: That's correct.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What does that mean exactly?
B. Craig Owens: It means that we have, through a combination of cash and tax planning, determined that we can forgo some of the dividend activity that we had previously planned from our foreign subsidiaries, which saves us on the dividend tax rate. And we still feel like we'll be able to hit our cash flow targets.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So dividend is back to the parent, not dividends to shareholders, right?
B. Craig Owens: That's correct.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, Denise, I'm curious about your comment that the condensed soup business has pricing power right now. And given the difficult volume environment, I must admit I just don't understand quite the commitment to high margins when the business is shedding volume a little bit. I would have thought you needed to go the other way, that is, take prices down to eat some margins. Because you are earning, I don't know, 30% margins, maybe more, when the food industry average is closer to 10%, 15%, and your condensed volumes are heading the wrong way. So if you could just help us understand that a little bit more. I know we’re beating this a little bit down, but I'm just curious to follow up there.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, in looking at the categories in simple meals, most of those categories have had substantial increases in prices over the past couple of years, predominantly due to increases in cost inflation, and we have had the same. And we believe that we need to at least cover cost inflation between productivity and pricing so that we are able to effectively spend back in brand-building with the consumer and increasing our innovation. And we believe that condensed soup could -- is still a very, very good value relative to other simple meals in the grocery store. And as long as we can maintain the balance of pricing and advertising and new product news, we believe that the consumer will respond to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So in the release, you highlighted some improvement in soup sales during the quarter in Canada, where I believe you're moving toward a similar strategic approach of lower promotional spend, higher innovation, similar to what you're doing in the U.S. Is there a clear divergence in how your soup business is performing there relative to the U.S. or how consumers are responding to the brand-building efforts? And if so, what do you think is driving that?
Denise M. Morrison: I think in Canada, they have a different balance of advertising, consumer and merchandising. And that worked very effectively for them this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess one question, one follow-up, kind of related to Ken's question. I mean, Denise, just speaking more broadly for the industry, I mean, aren't we in this just kind of intractable problem of inflation and raised prices, alienate the consumer to a certain extent and then try to advertise back? But it seems with volumes down across the industry, that the advertising isn't doing what it's intended to do.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the advertising has worked better on condensed than it has on RTS this year. The amazing campaign has driven condensed consumption to where we planned it to be. I think that the advertising on RTS has not been as differentiating as we thought it would be, so we have to make our course corrections there. I actually walked a store this weekend and looked at some of the different pricing on simple meals, all the way from frozen entrées to cereal to perimeter offerings, et cetera. And it is astonishing how good a value our condensed soup is relative to some of those other items. In fact, we're right up there with candy bars. So I do believe that we need to watch it in the marketplace, but I really believe that it's very important that we keep advertising and promoting with the consumer and incenting them with new recipes and ideas for usage of this product. And that's going to take money, and so we need to invest that money back in the brand-building.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, Craig, did you -- you talked about the inflation in the quarter. You said you were going to have inflation next fiscal year, which is, again, why you're raising prices on condensed. What percent increase are you expecting for F'13? And what are the drivers of that? Because it seems as if most inputs are, at least on a spot basis, down year-over-year.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I think you're right, Eric. I think the inflation that we're anticipating for next year will be lower than this year. If you’ll remember, we said this year would be something like 7% or 8% on input cost, leading to a total inflation number of around 6%. And we would expect a lower number for next year but probably still a number that will be ahead of the 3% or so that we look at as kind of a long-term guideline as to what we can absorb through productivity and enabler savings. So we'll give a more precise inflation forecast as we get closer to the year, but that kind of gets you in the ballpark of what our thinking is and why a price increase.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is there something specific that's driving the 3% to 6% range?
B. Craig Owens: It's a little bit across the board. We don't see any of the key inputs to the soup business that we think would be significantly down, and I think we see a range of increases across both packaging and ingredient cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Denise, I found one of your comments interesting at the outset where you said you were really reviewing all aspects of the U.S. Soup business and to expect some further execution adjustments. And I don’t know, that sounded a little bit more like -- and I know you have obviously some change in leadership and such who will want to look at their own perspectives on this. But it sounds like there's still the potential for some significant shifts or course corrections in the way you're, at least, executing in U.S. Soup. And I guess I just wanted to follow up on that and see -- maybe I'm reading too much into that, or if I'm not, if we could dig down a little bit on maybe some of the key buckets maybe of where those execution adjustments need to be or whatever you can kind of share with us at this point.
Denise M. Morrison: I think, Andrew, suffice it to say that we've been working on 2 paths. One is really jump-starting our innovation pipeline, which in Soup and Simple Meals was woefully under the average, and we've been very encouraged by the progress that we're making there. The second is really to make sure that we are leaving no stone unturned as we look at the fundamentals of our base businesses. And so when I talk about the drivers of demand, that's not only trade promotion and advertising and consumer promotion, but it gets all the way into product. It gets into offerings. It gets into shelves. It gets into distribution channels. And so we are and we'll be working on our operating plans as we speak, like I said, looking at our base business with a lot of detail to make sure that we get the right balance of all these drivers of demands to drive growth.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. I think it's a matter of, I guess -- a question was asked earlier also about what did you learn so far from this soup season that either makes you think you're on track for sort of next fiscal year or whether there still needs to be a lot done. And obviously, it sounds like you're more encouraged on the new product side early days, but some things obviously on the core that still needs to be sort of figured out?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I wouldn't say that it has to be figured out. I think we've got a good line of sight to get better results on the base business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question on beverages. I think this year was supposed to be an investment year to fend off competition. And as a result, operating margins are down from 24% last year to maybe around 18% or 19% this year. Do you think that you've achieved what you set out to do? And do you think that in fiscal '13, we could look for margins going higher? Or is this kind of like where you think margins need to be to keep growing the business?
Denise M. Morrison: In the Beverage business, we still see weak shelf stable juice category trends. However, our beverages have been performing and gaining share. And so the beverage business has responded, particularly our V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash beverages, to the investment that we've made in this business. That said, we recognize that, that has come at a cost. And going forward, we will strike a balance to get back to profitable growth in beverages, with the momentum of new products and continued brand-building, which is now in our base.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up, how do you think your competition has reacted to the aggressive activities you've put into the marketplace? Has it cooled off a little bit?
Denise M. Morrison: I wouldn't say that the grocery store in general has cooled off. And particularly in the beverage aisle, it has not cooled off. So we expect that the industry is going to remain very competitive, but we believe that we have the brand proposition to deal with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So at the beginning of the presentation, you mentioned that consumers are shopping in new channels. We've had some other packaged food companies say that up to maybe 5% of U.S. sales are now coming from the dollar store channel. Obviously, other companies are a lot, lot lower than that. And we've also got companies like Heinz really trying to target those dollar kind of price points to get in there with a lot of new SKUs. Could you just speak to what your strategy is with regard to that very fast-growing channel right now?
Denise M. Morrison: There's no question that there has been more growth in some of the value channels this year relative to grocery. That said, we are underdeveloped in a number of those channels. And part of our innovation pipeline is to make sure that we're developing our business across all channels so that as consumers shop different places, they will find the availability of our products.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So we'd actually hear about you putting SKUs into those stores as part of the new product lineup or -- sometime soon?
Denise M. Morrison: We offer products to all channels so -- but like I said, our business tends to be more skewed towards the mainstream channels at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Quickly on the spend level this year, the $100 million. I think you mentioned a couple of times that you're still on track to spend there. You just had to make some tactical adjustments in terms of how you spent it and where you spent it. You've got a lot of innovation coming to market next year. Do you -- as we look at the marketing and selling expense line here at P&L, are you happy with where it is as a percentage of sales? Or do you think it needs to move up materially higher to support all the new launches?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think that what we're seeing on a year-to-date basis is that we were down on our marketing expense in first quarter as we pulled back on nonproductive marketing expense that we had in our base. And our A&C in quarter 2 was up 6%. Our A&C in quarter 3 was up 13%. We have readied many new products to go to market. We've shifted a lot of resources inside Campbell's to form these breakthrough innovation teams and fully staff them so that there's a pipeline even beyond F'13 being built. So I think we've made in a short period of time -- remember, this has been 9 months. In a short period of time, we've made significant progress and kept the integrity of investing that $100 million in the new initiatives that we talked about last July.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: What don't we see in the P&L then? Because if we look at the P&L year-to-date, marketing and selling expense up $3 million, R&D down $4 million, we don't see any of it there. Are there offsets that we just don't have visibility to?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. There have been offsets in the Global Baking and Snacking businesses, both in Pepperidge Farm and in Arnott's, to meet competitive situations. There has been some reallocating of marketing expense, which moved to above the line, and that's part of the reason why our gross margins were down.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The other thing you see on the P&L within the selling and marketing line, if you'll recall in the fourth quarter of last year, we announced a pretty significant restructuring program. And the benefits of that are hitting both the administrative expense line, and also selling expense, which sits within selling and marketing, is down year-on-year.
Denise M. Morrison: Thanks, Anthony, for adding to the answer there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: My question is just again a little bit more focused on the balance sheet and kind of if we look at results today, what's happened overall, obviously, in the soup business for the past few years. I'm just trying to gauge as we look at Q4, should we be -- should we expect potentially a little bit more aggressive stance on buyback activity kind of going into Q4 next year? And I just ask the question because, if I look year-over-year, kind of look at the trend in your buyback activity relative to your balance sheet strength, it just doesn't seem like you're buying back that much stock, and I thought you would be.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, Rob, we've typically -- well, we've said and we have typically acted against the notion that the buyback program would be sort of the last piece or the lowest priority in terms of reinvestment to the extent that we can reinvest in our business, our existing business, that's first; and to the extent that we can find attractive external development projects, that would be second. And then we have sort of a philosophy of maintaining a pretty steady approach to payout ratio and our dividend. And then to the extent that we have excess cash, we tend to use that in our buyback program. And that's -- I mean, it's a little up and down by quarter. But broadly across time, I think that's what you would expect to see. We are not looking to significantly change the leverage in our balance sheet one way or the other with our share repurchase program.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And would that be the same for any type of potential acquisitions like you, again, aren’t looking to significantly change your leverage?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think that would then depend on the size of the acquisition, the opportunity that we saw available. So no, it wouldn't necessarily be the same answer on acquisition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash of Morningstar.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I had a follow-up on the breakdown of marketing versus promotional spending. And I know that you've been focusing on marketing spending, specifically within the soup business. But obviously, you talked in this quarter about the increased promotional spending behind the Global Baking and Snacking segment. And I was wondering if you -- what your expectations were of that spending going forward and, just overall, the breakdown between marketing versus promotional spending from a consolidated perspective.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, there isn't a single answer on the breakdown of marketing versus promotional spending. Again, each business, depending upon its situation, will have to strike the right balance of what that looks like going forward. That said, in our Baking and Snacking businesses, as they faced more competition in the marketplace, they made choices to -- we still spent advertising and consumer, but they made choices to reallocate some of those funds to more competitive promotion in the marketplace.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So is the promotional spending in Global Snacking and Baking more effective than its -- than in U.S. Soup for instance?
Denise M. Morrison: See, we've been very pleased with the investment in advertising and consumer, particularly on our Goldfish brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know you won't give your fiscal '13, obviously, earnings guidance until the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering if there are any other, let's say, discrete sort of puts and takes that we should think about, not quantifying but just buckets that we ought to at least think about from an expectation standpoint that affect things or you think will affect things next year one way or the other, whether it's pension or, obviously, costs as you talk about from an inflation standpoint, but other things that might be harder for us to just see at this stage, that we just want to take into consideration.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, Andrew, there are a lot of moving parts, as you know, and I hesitate to pull out 1 or 2 of those and get people focused on those moving parts and not on others. I mean, on pension, I guess the biggest driver for everybody that has a pension plan will be the fact that discount rates are falling, and so we'll have to watch that. But I really don't want to get into shining a light on particular pieces of the puzzle this early in the game, and we'll kind of continue the dialogue around F'13 at our Analyst Day in July.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick follow-ups. The first one is on the advertising. Craig, when you laid out at CAGNY and, Denise, when you laid this out at CAGNY, you put the pie chart up and you showed something like 25% of that $100 million to go into A&C spending for the year, so about $25 million. Do you still expect to hit that? And then on slotting fees for all the new products, do any of those fee expenses show up in the fourth quarter? Or will all the slotting fees really show up in F'13?
B. Craig Owens: To answer the second question first, there's almost always some of the slotting activity that shows up in the prior year, so you should expect some of the slotting expense to be in the -- that would show up in this quarter. I think that as we think about the $100 million, probably of that $100 million, more than 25% of it would be in marketing by the time we get to the end of the year, either marketing support of new product introduction or new product initiatives or marketing support against the brand building initiatives in some of the key areas that we have focused on this year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So above and beyond just A&C, you're saying. So I thought the chart had said $25 million to A&C.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, and I'm saying I think more than $25 million to A&C.
Denise M. Morrison: 25%, yes.
Operator: Our final question comes from Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Did you, Craig, give an update on gross margin guidance for the year? Is it still down 100 basis points? And then as you look to fiscal '13, I know you don't want to talk about it much, but to what degree does condensed volumes probably being down from the price increase impact manufacturing efficiencies?
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to gross margin, you're right. We have sort of pulled our gross margin expectation down as we've gone through the year. Obviously, we're able to -- against our guidance, to pretty well offset that. We're still looking at being, as we said in the -- both the release and in the script, we're looking to be within our guidance. But I suppose that for the quarter, we were down about 160 basis points. And as we look forward for the full year, we would expect to be down probably a little bit more than that 100 basis points at gross profit for the full year. With respect to F'13, again, I mean, we're just -- we're not at the point of giving guidance for F'13 yet, so we'll hold that one.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So you think maybe down 120 for fiscal '12?
B. Craig Owens: That's probably closer, yes.
Denise M. Morrison: Thanks for the questions, and thanks to all of you for your attention. In closing, we've made solid progress towards reinvigorating our innovation pipeline. We remain committed to our long-term growth strategies, and we recognize the need to continually refine our execution to drive improved performance. We firmly believe that meaningful, consumer-focused innovation, excellence in brand-building and expansion into high-growth segments and geographies are the recipe to maximize long-term shareholder value and create a meaningfully different Campbell over time. With that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Denise, and thank you, all of you, for your participation on our third quarter earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately 2 hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Anthony Sanzio at (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. This concludes today's program. Have a great week, and you may now disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance.  Denise will kick us off today by giving a strategic update and commenting on our segment results for the second quarter. Craig will offer his take on the quarter and first half, as well as our expectations for fiscal 2012. Then after we take your questions, Denise will make a few closing remarks.  Before I move on to our important reminders, I'd like to invite all of you to join our webcast next week. It's February 22, Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. Eastern, when we're presenting at the CAGNY 2012 conference in Boca Raton. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media, who are participating in listen-only mode.  As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks. Please refer to the slides in our presentation or the company's most recent Form 10-K and any subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, as well as our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data, can be found on our website.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Good morning. Thanks for joining Campbell's second quarter earnings call. Six months into our strategic transition, we are focused on building a different company at Campbell. As we said last July, implementing our new strategic direction will require substantial investment. We're confident that the course we've charted will position Campbell for future success.  This morning, I'll provide my perspective on our segment performance and our progress. Our U.S. Simple Meals and North America Foodservice businesses are tracking favorably, and we expect improved performance in Australia and U.S. Beverages. We are slightly behind our expectations on net sales but projecting to be within our guidance for full year 2012.  As a reminder, Campbell's primary goal is to create value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. We continue to make progress executing our growth strategies and our focus remains on the consumer. Our 3 growth strategies are: stabilize and then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals, expand our international presence and continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and bake snacks.  As we told you last July, in fiscal 2012, we are increasing our investment in brand building and innovation for the long-term growth of our business. Overall, to enhance our brand-building efforts, this quarter we increased advertising and consumer promotion expense by 6%, with gains across all of our portfolio. You will continue to see increased advertising and consumer promotion in the back half of this year. Our innovation investments are also progressing, and I look forward to sharing some of the early results with you at CAGNY next week.  Within the U.S. grocery trade, this past quarter, dollar consumption softened dramatically, particularly in the last 4 weeks of the quarter. For total Simple Meals, this softer consumption occurred across almost all categories, with 32 center store categories experiencing declining trends for the 4-week period versus full year-to-date. Our hypothesis is that continued pressure on the consumer in the current economic environment increased after holiday spending cycles, and the resulting decrease in personal disposable income has forced consumers to reduce discretionary spending, including food. Overall, consumer outlay for total food and beverage was up only 1% in the 12-week period, and the average number of units per trip declined 3%. Against this backdrop, I'll offer a brief perspective on our second quarter results.  Our second quarter performance was broadly in line with our expectations. However, sales of $2.1 billion were slightly lower than what we anticipated. As expected, our adjusted EBIT and EPS were down due to the marketing investments we're making, inflation and a higher tax rate. Now let me offer some perspective on some of our segment results.  In U.S. Simple Meals, we're delivering on our efforts to stabilize profitability. We had a modest profit decline in U.S. Simple Meals as weaknesses in sauces was partially offset by stronger profits in soup. There are 3 drivers of our soup performance. Number one, we're achieving price realization via reduced promotional discounting and list price increases. As a result, we're shedding less profitable volume. Number two, we're delivering and supporting meaningful levels of innovation. We launched 27 new products this year compared with just 3 last year. And number three, we're driving advertising and consumer promotion behind our big brands and consumer behaviors.  Our overall U.S. Soup business performed as expected with some puts and takes. Condensed soup and broth sales were better than expected. Ready-to-serve soup sales did not meet our expectations. Increased list prices and the reduction of heavy promotional discounting resulted in significant price realization. This created wide price gaps against branded competitors that impacted our volume and market share. We believe that we can be more competitive in RTS and still continue the momentum of profit improvement in the soup business.  Our strategy to increase brand building and reduce heavy discounting is working and drove the fourth consecutive quarterly profit increase for U.S. Soup. We anticipate that sales trends in the second half will improve as the heavy discounting is now behind us. We achieved our largest net gains in soup distribution in more than 4 years, total distribution points on-shelf increased mid-single digits. We recognize that we still have opportunities to build distribution in value channels.  We're setting up our U.S. Simple Meals for future success, and we'll talk more about that at CAGNY next week. Before I leave Simple Meals, as you know, we've made some leadership changes at Campbell and Mark Alexander now leads our Campbell North American business. Mark has a proven track record of success. He has managed businesses all over the world, including soup businesses in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia and Australia.  And now, Global Baking and Snacking. Global Baking and Snacking turned in a similar performance as the prior quarter but with slightly different drivers. We made a choice to increase marketing investments in our Pepperidge Farm business. Our cracker business responded well, garnering gains in sales and market share. Goldfish sales increased double digits. However, pricing contributed to softening in our cookie business during the peak holiday season. In bakery, industry consolidation has made for challenging category dynamics, including competitive pricing pressure. Overall, we can compete with our position as a premium player with strong brands and the greater agility that our size enables.  In Australia, consumers have sharply curtailed their spending this year, and Arnott's had a tough first half. We started to see stronger sales in January. We expect improved performance in the back half of the year, driven by a strong promotional calendar and a robust set of new product introductions.  Turning now to U.S. Beverages. As you saw in the second quarter and the first half of this fiscal year, our U.S. Beverage business is not always without challenges. We had a significant decline in EBIT due primarily to increased advertising and promotion and cost inflation. We expect the rate of inflation to abate in the second half, and profitability will continue to improve. And we also have a number of new product introductions slated for the second half.  We've had plenty of experience navigating the V8 business through cyclical upswings and downswings, and we've learned that the best way to maximize the health of this business is through brand building and innovation but also to defend what we've built. Recently, our V8 V-Fusion business has been pressured by new competition in the fruit and vegetable segment. Our investments to defend it have led to earnings pressure in the short term, but this is the best course for long-term success. And despite a weak shelf-stable juice category and intensified competition, V8 is outperforming the category and gaining share.  We reiterated our annual guidance this morning. The guidance reflects the strategic transition we're making, including investments in brand building and innovation, reallocation of existing resources to fund growth and headwinds in the first half in our U.S. Beverages and Australian business. As I said earlier, we view fiscal 2012 as a year of investment for Campbell. We remain very focused on the superb execution of our 3 growth strategies to create a meaningfully different company over time.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig for his analysis of our financial results and an elaboration of our expectations for fiscal 2012.
B. Craig Owens: Thank you, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend a few minutes walking through the second quarter results and segment highlights, followed by a brief look at our first half results. And then I'll provide an outlook for the year and reaffirm our full year sales and earnings guidance.  For the quarter, we reported net sales of just over $2.1 billion, down 1% versus the second quarter of 2011. In aggregate, there was no currency impact this quarter, so organic sales also declined by 1%. We reported a 2% decline in organic sales in our first quarter. We recognized some additional restructuring charges in connection with the program that we announced last June. Excluding that impact, EBIT decreased 8% this quarter to $332 million, primarily due to significant cost inflation, lower volumes and increased marketing investment, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements.  On a segment basis, sales gained in the North American Foodservice division, and U.S. Beverages were more than offset by decreases in International Simple Meals and Beverages and U.S. Simple Meals. Earnings fell across all of our segments except for North America Foodservice. Earnings per share were $0.64 this quarter, a 10% decline as compared with the second quarter of 2011. The 1% decline in net sales reflected a decrease in volume and mix of 3 points and a negative impact of increased promotional spending of 1 point, partly offset by an increase in pricing of 3 points.  The majority of the pricing gains have come from our list price actions in U.S. Soup and in our Baking and Snacking segment taken to partially offset the impact of inflation. With respect to promotional spending variances, higher rates of spending in Baking and Snacking and in our U.S. Sauces business were partly offset by a reduction in our U.S. Soup spending.  As many of you know, over the last month or 2, we have seen a softening across many categories within the U.S. grocery trade. Our categories and consequently our sales have been negatively impacted by this trend.  For the second quarter, our gross margin decreased by 100 basis points to 38.4% from 39.4%. This was primarily due to cost inflation and unfavorable mix, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. Overall, our inflation rate and cost of goods sold was approximately 7% in the quarter.  Our lower-margin segments have outperformed our higher-margin segments, contributing to a negative mix impact. While we've implemented higher prices and achieved productivity gains, these have not been sufficient to offset inflation and negative mix. Our gross margin performance is below our own earlier expectations, primarily due to higher rates of promotional spending in Baking and Snacking and in U.S. Beverages.  Our marketing and selling expenses increased 2% to $297 million compared with $291 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to higher advertising and consumer promotion expenses. Selling expense was lower. As part of our new strategic direction, we're investing in brand building and innovation to drive profitable sales growth for the company.  In the second quarter, we increased advertising and consumer promotion expense by 6%, with increases across many of our key brands. Administrative expenses decreased by $2 million to $152 million, reflecting the benefit of cost savings from restructuring initiatives, partly offset by higher incentive compensation and benefit cost.  Below the operating earnings line, net interest expense fell by 16%, a decrease of $5 million, reflecting an overall reduction in long-term interest rates. The adjusted tax rate increased to 33.7% from 27.1% in the prior year. The prior year rate benefited from tax credits associated with foreign earnings. Reflecting the higher tax rate, adjusted net earnings were down by 13%. Adjusted EPS benefited from a 4% reduction in diluted shares outstanding, declining 10% to $0.64 per share.  Second quarter segment sales results and the core organic growth rates are shown year. U.S. Simple Meals sales declined 2%, reflecting lower sales in both U.S. Soup and U.S. Sauces. U.S. Soup sales fell 2% this quarter as volume performance was impacted by higher selling prices and decreased promotional spending. Our sales performance was better than retailer takeaway, and this reflected the impact of movements in customer inventory levels relative to the prior year. We ended the quarter with retailer inventory at normal levels and comparable to prior year.  Within the U.S. Simple Meals segment, sales of the U.S. Sauces segment decreased 2%, Prego pasta sauce achieved 6% volume-driven sales gains, benefiting from increased advertising support and promotional activity. Pace Mexican sauce declined 7%, reflecting the impact of increased private label activity, and other Simple Meals brands also declined.  Global Baking and Snacking sales decreased 1% due to declines in Arnott's. Pepperidge Farm had increased sales, primarily due to crackers, led by the double-digit growth in Goldfish snack crackers, partially offset by a reduction in cookie and bakery products. The performance of our Arnott's business was negatively impacted by higher promoted and non-promoted price points at retail and a weak consumer environment. Although still down, the sales trend at Arnott's was much improved compared to the first quarter.  Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, organic sales declined 4%, primarily due to declines in Europe and Canada, partly offset by gains in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region. In Europe, where there has been a challenging economic environment, sales fell primarily due to volume loss in France and Germany.  Reflecting improved top line performance and outpacing the category, U.S. Beverages sales increased 4% versus prior year. Gains were primarily driven by growth in V8 Splash drinks and V8 V-Fusion juice, partly offset by weakness in V8 vegetable juice. Contributing to growth this quarter were the launch of new items, including V8 V-Fusion Smoothies, as well as higher levels of advertising to support the new campaign with Jackie Chan.  Sales of North America Foodservice increased by 9%, primarily due to volume-driven gains in fresh chilled soups sold at retail.  Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals decreased by 2% to $174 million this quarter. This reflected lower earnings in U.S. Sauces, including incremental spending on Simple Meals innovation, partly offset by gains in U.S. Soup. For the segment, lower volumes and increased advertising and consumer promotion expenses were partly offset by an increase in gross margin percentage and lower selling and administrative expense. Our strategy to reduce the level of promotional spending in U.S. Soup to improve profitability is working. We have now achieved 4 consecutive quarters of earnings growth.  Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking declined by 12%, reflecting decreases in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's, primarily due to cost inflation and increased promotional and marketing spend. This was partly offset by higher selling prices.  Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings declined 16%, primarily due to increased cost associated with our market expansion investment in China and lower earnings in Europe and Canada. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages were down 21%, reflecting significant cost inflation, primarily in juice concentrates and packaging materials, as well as higher advertising and consumer expense, partly offset by productivity gains.  North America Foodservice continues to achieve strong growth, with operating earnings up 33%. Higher earnings have been primarily driven by volume gains, higher selling prices and productivity improvements, partly offset by cost inflation.  U.S. Soup sales for the quarter decreased 2%. Within soup, sales of condensed soup increased by 5%, with gains in both cooking and eating varieties. Ready-to-serve sales, where price elasticity is most evident, declined 12%. RTS sales in the quarter benefited from the introduction of Slow Kettle soups. Broth sales also increased on volume gains of aseptically packaged broth and the successful introduction of our Swanson Flavor Boost product.  Before I move on, I want to comment on a topic that has received increased attention lately. As you know, bisphenol A or BPA is widely used in metal food packaging to help preserve and protect food and to maintain its nutritional value and quality. We believe that current can packaging is one of the safest options in the world. However, we recognize that there is some debate over the use of BPA. The trust that we've earned from our consumers for over 140 years is paramount to us. And we've been monitoring and working on the issue for several years. Because of this, we've already started using alternatives to BPA in some of our soup packaging, and we're working to phase out the use of BPA in aligning of all of our canned products. The cost of this effort is not expected to be material.  The U.S. wet soup market share results from the latest 52 weeks, based on IRI panel data and Campbell's internal estimates is shown here. Campbell's market share decreased 2.4 points to 60% as we focused on stabilizing soup profits. The share loss was driven by ready-to-serve soup as our market share from condensed was down only slightly and broth was actually up. Other branded players gained 1.5 points in total, and private label gained nearly 1 point. The overall category was down in dollars by 0.9% in the past 52 weeks.  Our soup sales declined 4.7%, underperforming the category due to anticipated volume loss associated with our reductions in deep discounting and our list pricing please. Other branded players increased sales by 5% during the period, while private label sales rose 6%.  Looking at our first-half results now. Reported and organic net sales decreased 1%. Excluding items impacting comparability, adjusted EBIT of $750 million was down 7% versus a year ago. As with the quarter, this decrease was primarily due to significant cost inflation and lower volumes, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains. A 5% decline in adjusted EPS was less than the EBIT declined as we have continued to benefit from utilizing our excess cash flow to repurchase shares. Diluted shares outstanding fell by 4%.  Cash flow from operations was $478 million compared to $483 million in the prior period. This decrease reflected the impact of lower cash earnings, partly offset by the benefit of lower pension contribution. During the first half of the year, we utilized our positive cash flow to repurchase 5.3 million shares at a cost of $173 million under our strategic share repurchase program announced in June 2011 and our practice of buying back shares to offset those issued under our equity-based compensation programs.  Net debt was $2.6 billion, a decrease of $240 million. Reflecting our expectation of improved sales performance in the second half of the year, we're reaffirming our full year guidance. We expect net sales growth of between 0 and plus 2%, a decline in adjusted EBIT of between 7% and 9% and a decline in adjusted EPS of between 5% and 7%, putting adjusted EPS in the range of $2.35 to $2.42. We are now forecasting that our gross margin percentage will decline about 1 point compared to 2011. As I mentioned earlier, this is due to higher rates of promotional spending in our Baking and Snacking segment and in U.S. Beverages.  Our guidance has not changed because operating expense, including marketing, is now forecast lower than our original expectation. That being said, we're still planning significant increases in our advertising and consumer promotion in the second half of the year.  Thank you very much. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jennifer to start the Q&A.
Jennifer Driscoll: Operator, we're ready for the Q&A. Could you give us our first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my question revolves around your outlook. And it sounds like a little bit more confidence in the second half, fiscal sales doing a bit better and yet, as I'm sure you're aware, a lot of companies are grappling with consumer and lower volumes. And you kind of made reference to that as well post the holiday, so that would refer to just January. So I guess, why exactly do you feel that sales can hang in there when it seems like the consumer is going the other way and retailers are cutting back on inventory and the whole industry seems to be in the midst of really, really tough times?
Denise M. Morrison: There's a number of factors, Eric, that give us reason to believe that second half will be better. First of all, in our U.S. Soup business, we are continuing with much higher levels of marketing, advertising and consumer promotion in the second half of the year versus where we were last year. In addition, our -- we are now cycling a period of time that does not include the heavy discounting that we've had in the base for the last 4 quarters. We also have price realization on U.S. Soup that will come through versus year ago. In Australia, where we've had a tough first half, we have a much stronger promotion calendar in half 2 and several new product launches. And we have already seen evidence as recently as January that the performance of that business continues to get better. In Beverage, our cost inflation comparatives improved and we're also introducing new products. And we're continuing to support that business as well with advertising and consumer promotion. And I think the other thing in Beverages, we're continuing to take steps in the supply chain to improve margins. So I believe across all the businesses, we're taking into account that it is a tough environment, and we're making the necessary plan changes to make sure we're delivering despite that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Just as a follow-up, and then I'll pass it on. Condensed seem to be surprisingly strong in the quarter versus the IRI data that we see and some expectations. But I'm kind of wondering, is it a function that the price point on condensed is so low given the -- and the value that the consumer sees that, that's really started to come through? Because obviously, Smucker, General Mills and others have kind of -- if they took the pricing over a certain threshold, it seemed like the volume just collapsed coincident with that. And maybe condensed is the opposite because it's normally featured during the winter at sometimes 10 for 10 or things like that. So maybe you could just comment on that, and then I'll pass it on.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, there's no doubt that condensed soup benefited from the fact that we have -- with the increased pricing that we've taken in the category and RTS, especially, condensed has come through to the consumer as a better value. Coupled with a strong holiday on condensed soup, we did have a good quarter. So I do think that it is a better value at this point. I don't know, if you have anything else that you want to say, Craig?
B. Craig Owens: I think maybe a little bit of the difference between the consumption numbers that you referenced and the sales takeaway in condensed, we said in the discussion here that inventory movement, and it's really prior year inventory movement that was a little unusual, helped us a little bit in terms of shipments versus consumption. And that was probably more prevalent in condensed than it was in RTS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was just trying to get your sense of the overall trends in food volumes. I mean there's been a lot been said about that most other companies are experiencing volume weakness. Can you just give us a sense of what you're seeing from the consumer? So with all the insights that you have into the consumer, what are you seeing in terms of their buying patterns, how they changed and perhaps how is Campbell reacting to that? That would be helpful.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, well, we are obviously tracking 39 categories in the center store. And of this 39, 32 had trends in the last 4-week period that were much lower than the full year-to-date trends. So there clearly is something going on. And as I said in my opening remarks, I believe it's just post-holiday pressure. Consumers are making choices. And one of the biggest discretionary budgets they have is their food budget, and so we believe that, that is largely responsible for what we're seeing. Basket size is down 3%, so units per buyer is down, and spending is down. So they're clearly making different choices.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Have you made any changes to your strategies short-term? Because this is a more recent event. I know you have your long-term plans, which you've made clear to us. But have you made any changes recently, given the trends you've seen?
Denise M. Morrison: I would say the most changes that we've made have been in the Australia business. In the United States, we've been able to navigate this because this has been with us for a while.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I would sort of separate big strategic moves where I think Denise is exactly right from sort of the day-to-day in the marketplace. I mean we've seen -- in this past quarter, we've increased our promotional activity and spending a little bit in Pepperidge, where we've seen category weakness in bakery. And I mean, we're sort of constantly adjusting the dial on a small level. But I agree that we haven't made any big significant strategic...
Denise M. Morrison: Right. Overall, we're staying on course.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about the advertising spend and the plans here. So back at Analyst Day, you mentioned that there was the effort to do both an increase in the advertising budget and in R&D. And I believe the sum total of that number was about $100 million. So far, year-to-date, I think -- correct me if I'm wrong on this, Craig, but I think the number is still slightly down on advertising. So Craig, Denise, can you pull this together for me and tell me how you're tracking against that original goal? And perhaps it's been my hypothesis that because the weather was so warm, maybe spending a lot of money on advertising with the fourth warmest winter on record is not the best use so maybe you delay it to next year. So can you take this and kind of give us an update?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, let me talk first about sort of process that we used when we referenced that number and where we are against that spending. We literally, in our annual planning process, identified $100 million, some of which we allocated initially in the planning process and some of which we actually kept back in a fund to be allocated as we went through the year. And the use of all that $100 million was a combination of improving our brand-building activities, particularly against some of those brands, where we felt like we have not been sufficiently funding them, and increased innovation activity. We said at the time that, that amount would show up in all kinds of different parts of the P&L. Some of it is in freight spend actually because that's where we've spent slotting fees for new products. Some of it is in SG&A because it's helping to support some of the new product platform teams that we've put in place. Most of it, of course, is -- winds up on the P&L in marketing and R&D. That program, that $100 million program, is very much on track. In fact, we're spending maybe a little bit ahead of $100 million rate for the year. We're pretty encouraged by some of the results that we see from it, and we're sticking to our guns there. Now in the rest of the P&L, as we said in our guidance statement here, we're a little bit below our -- as we forecast the full year now, we're going to be below our original expectation in terms of marketing spend. We have -- we are benefiting, for example, in R&D, from the restructuring activity that we did toward the end of last year where we took out some resource and some spending that we thought wasn't giving us productive payback. So you've got ups and downs and puts and takes across the P&L. It's fair to say that the incrementality of this $100 million is not going to be as great as we originally thought it was. That was referencing back to my point that I made in the guidance statement, that marketing for the full year would be somewhat lower than our own expectation. But it's sort of the difference between the daily, weekly, monthly management of the P&L, our opportunity to find cost savings in various parts of the P&L, offsetting and being reallocated versus that $100 million program.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Denise, can you just maybe make a comment on the winter weather and how that factors in to how you spend against it? Because I'm just curious on whether or not you guys are react to the weather and say, maybe we don't want to spend as much right now because it was so warm.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, we're absolute advocates of global cooling. But actually, we acknowledge the fact that the weather was warmer, but we also sell a lot of soup in warm weather climates. So we've got to deal with that, and we are. I think where we're going, particularly with our soup business, is we want to increase usage of the product in some positive need states, not necessarily the negative ones like when people are sick or when they're cold. So we're not going to be use weather as an excuse. We're going to use it as just another environmental factor.
B. Craig Owens: No question in a seasonal business that it's had an impact. It's had some impact on our European business. But I think Denise's point really is that in terms of resource allocation, we've tried to continue the brand-building activity that we think is sensible. And we're seeing some good results, particularly in our soup business from the advertising itself.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. I wanted to also give you a little bit more perspective on the $100 million. Just so that you know, we spent the money on everything we expected to, and we haven't held anything back. We aren't budgeting on things that haven't come through yet. You'll see some of those next week. And we're going to continue to invest this money when we're ready to spend it. But we feel really good about the fact that it's the right appropriation for the ideas that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 quick questions for you. I wanted to ask about the shift to alternate channels. I guess I can see the consumption decline occurring in the IRI and Nielsen data. I guess I'm surprised that people are really cutting back to that degree. But can you talk a little bit more about the alternate channel performance and really as it pertains to Campbell? Or maybe if you a broader view on how that shift is occurring for the consumer and what that means for you?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. We know that alternate channels right now in the industry are performing about 7 to 8 points above traditional channels. And that shift is occurring, again, across most of the food business. I would say that our -- we have opportunities in the value channels in particular, and that the IRI data is probably about 60% coverage for us.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then my question just was I guess maybe to Craig. Just to understand, the retail inventories now are at the right level. Was that a benefit across the business? Was it just for soup? If you have a little color on maybe how much it benefited the business?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, it was primarily within soup. And again, it's really last year that was unusual. We came into the second quarter last year with pretty heavy inventory levels. And so in the year-over-year comparison, you saw less take out of inventory this year than you did last year. And yes, it's very much a soup idea and maybe a little bit of it in the sauce business, but it's primarily a soup issue.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is it a couple of points benefit to soup or is that too much?
B. Craig Owens: It's probably about a couple of points benefit to soup.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that condensed and broth were better than you expected. RTS was maybe a little bit worse. And I -- Denise, I think, I heard you mentioned that you expect to be more competitive going forward on RTS. Were you referring entirely to your plans for more innovation in marketing or did you mean that maybe you went a little bit too far in managing your price points higher and have plans to course correct that a little bit?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I think the combination of the list price increases we took, the higher promoted price and then less frequency of promotion on RTS all at once was -- created the result that we got. And we believe that we can still work with the levers that we have to work with, improve the profitability of the business based on what we're cycling last year and be more competitive. And we are going to continue to increase our advertising and consumer promotion on this business, as well as the innovation.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Do your trade spending plans for the back half of the year, have they changed at all in ready-to-serve?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, change versus what? You mean that we adjusted our trade? We're not going to go back...
B. Craig Owens: We manage our trade spend pretty dynamically. So if you're asking if the total envelope changed, I don't think we're going to get down into that level of detail on our planning. But we have clearly devoted some more resource to RTS as we've come through the very end of this last quarter and start into the next quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. We will not go back to the heavy discounting though.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to, I guess, follow-up on soup in general and just -- as the year started, that you'd raise prices on ready-to-serve and some of the other, that the advertising and some of the new product innovation was going to follow. So I guess 2 things. One, are we at the point now where you feel like you've got most of the resources in place, meaning your spending on advertising at a level that was sort of commensurate with what you were expecting? I'm assuming there's going to be some more news on product front coming forward. And so what we're kind of -- what we're looking at now and going forward is more reflective of what you were envisioning in terms of increasing the spend levels behind your soup business to support the pricing.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, that's exactly the point we're at.
B. Craig Owens: I think, as we go forward -- so again, we've just now cycled the previous year of less deep discounting and the comparisons will get a little clearer as we come across into the second -- I'm sorry, into the third and fourth quarter in the second half of the year.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And that alignment is basically just happened very recently. Even going into this quarter, you still weren't quite aligned on that. Right?
B. Craig Owens: That's exactly right.
Denise M. Morrison: That's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just if I could, just one follow-up. The condensed performance, even if you had shift-out a couple of points for inventory, condensed actually performed pretty well this quarter. And that's even in the face of having some competitor price points on ready-to-serve that were still pretty aggressive. So could you just talk a little bit about why you think that occurred, and has condensed benefited also from just the umbrella advertising on Campbell's?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, we believe that our advertising has been much more effective, particularly the anthem spot that we have across the portfolio. And we've also introduced advertising on the icon condensed soups, which we have walked away from for a while. And the emotional impact of moms love serving and kids who love eating. And that has been pretty effective for condensed soup. And as I mentioned earlier, we had a good holiday.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you're starting to see -- the messaging is beginning -- you can show evidence or you can see signs that as you turn the messaging on, you're actually starting to get consumers to respond to it?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, that's right. And what I failed to mention also is our Healthy Request business continues to perform very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just from the outside, Denise, it's just very hard to look at fiscal '12 as an investment year when I'm looking at SG&A, and it looks like it's going to be barely up this year. I know there's a lot of puts and takes, but it looks like R&D spending actually will be down. A lot of us thought that there was something kind of big on the horizon from a product perspective to kind of revitalize soup. But with R&D not looking like it's up, and Craig saying that it look -- I thought I heard Craig say that one of the projects that you thought you were going to invest in, you decided not to do. So did something change in terms of the level of investment?
B. Craig Owens: Well, first of all, Rob, a correction. No project has been canceled. That's the important point here. All of the new initiative spending has been funded. It's been funded at the level that we anticipated. In fact, we have funded some new initiatives that we didn't even have fully baked and ready to fund versus the time that we talked to you in July. What we did say is there's going to be less incrementality that's going to show up in the P&L. Because in the base business, we've made some decisions as we've come through the year, in some cases, to reallocate spending in a different way; in some cases, to take out spending that we didn't think was effective. So nothing has been canceled. With respect to R&D, I believe that R&D is likely to be up slightly for the year, but again you're seeing 2 things going on. One is some new initiative spending is going into R&D, and the other is some resource that we took out of the R&D spending line, as we did the reorganization of the business last year in a way that we do not take has hurt our innovation capability but has simply gotten rid of some nonproductive spending, basically.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I got you. So that was the low sodium, right?
B. Craig Owens: It's also some of that, yes.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, okay.
B. Craig Owens: It's also important to recognize that much of our innovation spending, for example, the funding of our innovation teams, that expense sits in the marketing, overhead line within marketing and not within R&D.
Denise M. Morrison: And that has R&D resources on it, mix shift.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. Exactly.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But even marketing and selling isn't really materially higher. So I guess really what I'm getting at is, is this the level of investment, the $100 million is done and there's -- it's not going to happen again in fiscal '13, like there's not another $50 million or $100 million coming in fiscal '13?
Denise M. Morrison: No. You'll continue to see us invest, particularly in half 2, and we believe that we've gotten then the level of advertising and consumer basically to where we want it. And we'll continue to shift mix over time, but there won't be big slugs of money.
B. Craig Owens: But we benefit from the fact that it's now eventually in the base. As Denise said in July, we felt like that our operating margin numbers had gotten up to a level that we just didn't think were sustainable if we were going to do the kind of reinvestment in the business that we wanted to do, so adjusting the base essentially does give it to you for the next year. Right?
Denise M. Morrison: Absolutely.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I got it. And advertising, what do you think advertising is going to be up this year? Because I think you started the year saying that you definitely -- your advertising can fall into a level that was unacceptable the year before.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I don't have a specific advertising number, although we are going to start -- in terms of forecast, I think we are going to start being a little bit more visible in terms of our A&C spending as we go forward. So we're working on that. A&C will be up. It's up 6% in this quarter, and it will be up for the year.
Denise M. Morrison: It will be up significantly more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Very good news on the BPA front. I guess my question is more of a strategic nature. Would you consider separating the soup, sauces and beverage business from the baking and snacking business? Or would it be that operational de-leveraging, would that be too great and prevent such a move from creating value? We've heard a lot of companies announce splits over the course of the last several months. You yourselves sold Godiva, I guess, several years ago. Pringles has just sold for a great multiple, and Pepperidge Farm is a similarly strong brand. Is it something that you considered, and what do you think the pros and cons are around that kind of a decision?
Denise M. Morrison: No, we are focused on 3 categories in the company, and we believe that operating as one company is the best future for Campbell's.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I believe Campbell is already a pretty big spender on advertising as a percentage of sales. I don't know if you disclosed that, but I thought it was pretty high single digits. So perhaps you could describe why you believe, not just quarter-by-quarter but big picture year-over-year, why there will be a volume response from incremental ad spend? And maybe this is a kind of thing that maybe you can get on a flywheel here of reinvestment and stabilize the volume in your core soup business. And I guess related to that is, do you think you have the product in getting the message where you want it, where you're going to have a pretty good ROI from this incremental ad spend that you're talking about, particularly in the next half of the year?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, the advertising levels, as you pointed out, are pretty robust and especially relative to other Simple Meals. But it's not just the level of advertising, it's the quality. It's the messaging, and it's the news. And so if you think about certain amount of advertising on the base business to remind consumers to buy the product because it's not necessarily top of mind all the time. But then you couple that with the innovation we're going to continue to bring to the marketplace and using the advertising lever to communicate that news and excitement, we believe that over time, that's the best way to build the business.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess what I'm really getting at here is, with your core business, the volume has been going the wrong way for a few years. I think folks are wrestling with, is this a company that is sort of over-earning until they stabilize that business? And what that reinvestment needs to be is that, is it fair to think that you need to spend a lot more to get that stabilized? That's where I'm really going -- getting at there with that question.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we know that we can advertise the business for a longer period of time in the year than we have been in the past, and that's part of what we're correcting this year. We do think that where we're arriving is the right level coupled with the innovation we're going to be bringing to market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wondering whether you could provide a little bit more detail as to what changes second half versus first half, in terms of the RTS business. I realize that the comps get easier, but you were down pretty significantly against some comparisons that were not that great in the first half. Craig mentioned that you have some room or some flexibility to adjust price points, but you're not going to do anything aggressive. Why should that get materially better in the second half versus the first half?
Denise M. Morrison: We do know what -- we do know, in the second quarter this year that the list price increases coupled with the higher promotion price points created price gaps that were too wide. And so we've worked to adjust those. And we do know that we didn't have enough promotion frequency in the first half, and so we're working on that as well. And so with those insights, we believe with some modifications, we'll have a better outcome on RTS. The other thing is we were very heavily discounting RTS last year in the base, and we're cycling that.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And within RTS, could you talk about which brands were sort of your primary problem areas? Is it still Select Harvest or is Chunky seeing some weakness as well, and also trends in the microwave platform, which your competitor effectively walked away from?
B. Craig Owens: We had weakness sort of across the spectrum there, Eric, in microwavable and Select Harvest and in Chunky. One bright spot was the introduction of Slow Kettle has been pretty well hitting its marks, so that was a positive. But honestly, RTS was weak across the portfolio.
Denise M. Morrison: And we do believe that some of the benefits in condensed came at the expense of some RTS.
Operator: Our final question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just wanted to focus on U.S. Beverages. Are you seeing any moderation? And obviously, it's still competitive, but are you seeing any moderation in the competitive conditions there? And then as you look out across the balance of the year, how do you feel about the sustainability of the type of top line growth that we saw in that segment during the quarter?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I'm not expecting that beverage competition will get any easier. But that said, for the investments that we've made in our beverage business, our products are up in sales and they've grown share in an immensely competitive category. So we're going to continue to run our play. Where we do think things will improve is in the profitability as the inflation that we've experienced in the first half starts to abate as we cycle the second half.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And very quick follow-up. Any initial thoughts on sort of the consumer receptivity to the Smoothie launch?
Denise M. Morrison: Very good. I mean we're very encouraged by the results of that launch.
B. Craig Owens: Very, very early days.
Denise M. Morrison: Very early but good. Before we conclude our second quarter call, let me leave you with a few thoughts. We continue to advance our 3 growth strategies this quarter. Our U.S. Soup profits improved, which is important to us. Australia biscuits are regaining their footing. On the other hand, while U.S. Beverage sales increased, profits were down significantly. So we have some more work to do, but the first half served only to reinforce our conviction that brand building and innovation are what is required to deliver the profitable sales growth we want, and that has our undivided attention. The important point is that we're committed to building a different company at Campbell's, a company that creates value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. And we're focused on executing our growth strategies and have plans to improve our performance in the second half with increased advertising and consumer spending, new product innovations in U.S. Simple Meals, Beverages and Global Bake Snacks, a stronger promotional calendar in Australia and we also expect inflation to abate in U.S. Beverages. And as we said last July, implementing our new strategic direction will require substantial investment to fund a radically different innovation process and to reinvigorate consumer-focused brand building.  Thanks again for joining us today and have a nice holiday weekend. And with that, Jennifer will now conclude our call.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Denise, and thanks, everyone, for your participation on our second quarter earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately 2 hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call my colleague, Anthony Sanzio, at (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081.  This concludes today's program. Have a great 3-day weekend, and you may now disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-11-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations B. Craig Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Senior Vice President of Finance and Principal Accounting Officer Denise M. Morrison - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell Soup Co.'s first quarter earnings call and webcast. With me here today in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance. Denise will kick us off by giving an update on our progress with our 3 growth strategies and commenting on our performance during the quarter. And Craig will offer a detailed discussion of the quarter, as well as our expectations for fiscal 2012. Following our formal remarks, all of us will take questions from the audience, and then at the end of the Q&A, Denise will come back to wrap it up.  As usual, we've created slides to accompany our presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Starting this quarter, we'll be advancing the slides for you in order to enhance your experience. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode.  As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 2 in the presentation or to the company's most recent form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements.  Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying the presentation. These slides, as well as our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data, can be found on our website. As a reminder, we revised our reporting segments in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. We separated the U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment into 2 segments, U.S. Simple Meals and U.S. Beverages. We provided historical quarterly information on our segments earlier this month in a Form 8-K.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for Campbell's first quarter earnings conference call. As Jennifer indicated, I'll touch on our 3 growth strategies, followed by my perspective on our first quarter financial results and segment performance. Simply stated, our goal is to create value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. To achieve that goal, we're pursuing 3 growth strategies: first, we'll stabilize then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals; second, we'll expand our international presence; and third, we'll continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and baked snacks.  Across Campbell, the pace of activity has picked up, and we're putting all of our energy into improving our performance. Overall, we're confident in our growth strategies and are keenly focused on execution. We have the right people in the right positions, and we set up a streamlined scorecard with clear metrics so everyone knows what's expected of them and we can keep track of our progress. To be successful with our strategies, we must connect with consumers and keep their needs front and center.  This past quarter, as we began to implement our strategies, consumers continued to be impacted by the challenges in the global economy. In the United States and other markets where we compete, higher prices drove an increase in consumer spending on food, but the number of items purchased declined. Consumers continue to shift channels in their search for value. As a result, club, dollar and drug stores outperformed traditional grocery. This little doubt that the pronounced caution and restraints that have characterized consumer behavior since the onset of the financial crisis are now the new norm for the food and beverage sector, and we are proactively addressing it.  I'll now offer a brief perspective on our first quarter results, which were reported this morning. Sales declined 1%, and EBIT declined 6%. Earnings per share were steady with last year's first quarter. While our overall first quarter performance was in line with our expectations, the composition of our results was mixed. In particular, U.S. Simple Meals, Pepperidge Farm and North America Foodservice met or exceeded expectations, while U.S. Beverages and International did not.  Despite a different mix than we had expected, we are reiterating our full-year guidance. We recognize that we have more hard work ahead, and we won't rest until we change the company's growth trajectory. As we've said before, fiscal 2012 will be a transition year for Campbell. We're making significant investments in innovation and marketing to restore momentum to our top line in the years ahead.  Now let me speak briefly about our segment results, starting with U.S. Simple Meals. I'll also highlight some of the challenges we're facing in Global Baking and Snacking and U.S. Beverages. We had solid profit growth in U.S. Simple Meals despite the sales decline. While it's early, we're making progress with stabilizing the profitability of this business, after which, we can focus on driving sales growth.  As you may recall, in the first half of last year, we engaged in heavy promotional activity that did not produce sufficient volume lifts. In the second half of last year, we changed our marketing strategy for U.S. Soup and pulled back on heavy promotions. Subsequently, we took a list price increase due to inflationary pressures. In the first quarter of this year, U.S. Soup sales declines were not as pronounced as we had expected, even as we cycled last year's heavy discounting. This had a positive impact on the profitability of U.S. Soup. A portion of the profit increase came from reduced spending on advertising and consumer promotions. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, you may have expected increased spending. In the quarter, we started our U.S. Soup advertising later in September to coincide with the actual start of the soup season when we get the best returns and to extend our media dollars across the full season, which runs well into our third quarter.  Our first quarter TVG ERPs [ph] on soup were up due to better efficiencies. We also started our consumer promotions later this quarter based on insights from last year when an earlier start did not deliver the desired returns. This year, we chose not to repeat non-TV and consumer programs from last year's first quarter that proved inefficient, including certain couponing and sampling events for condensed soup.  At this point, advertising for U.S. Soup is in full swing. We sure hope you've seen our TV campaign and are inspired to buy a few Campbell products this holiday season. Going forward, you can expect both advertising and consumer programs to increase. In fact, we expect both will be up when we review our full-year performance with you next September. We're committed to emphasizing brand building activities for the long-term health of this business.  Innovation will also play a key role in stabilizing and profitably growing Simple Meals. This quarter, we launched 35 new products in Simple Meals versus 5 a year ago. While it's too early to read consumer reaction, we're on track to achieve our distribution and shelf space targets. And we're executing our merchandising plans. As you know, last quarter, we shifted our retail store coverage to a broker sales model through Acosta and added 5,000 stores. We were able to get our new products on shelf more quickly and also expect our holiday program to be strong this year.  Because innovation is so critical to our plans, we have ramped up our investment. Our new breakthrough innovation teams have been moving quickly to develop more disruptive innovation for fiscal 2013 and beyond. We're targeting both new users and new occasions. As we have stated, it will take some time to build a consumer-driven pipeline. We'll discuss the progress we're making on our innovation strategies and share some of the new products with you at the same time we present them to customers.  Our efforts to stabilize U.S. Soup profitability are on track. However, we have more work to do, and we'll not be satisfied until we get the top line growing again.  Global Baking and Snacking, which performed solidly through 2011, softened this quarter due to Arnott's. A more cautious Australian consumer and the volume impact of higher prices at retail drove a profit decline for total Global Baking and Snacking. On our fourth quarter call, I mentioned that we had a strong quarter in Australia. However, the adverse trends that some of our peers have been highlighting have clearly impacted us in the first quarter. Arnott's growth stalled this quarter as the consumer environment weakened, consumers faced increased prices on shelf and the retail environment became more intensely competitive. We are adjusting our plans and programs as Australian consumers increasingly reflect recessionary mindset, which is impacting a broad range of categories and brands in Australian supermarkets.  Even in a difficult environment, we continue to have several advantages in our corner, including a leading market share, exposure to expandable consumption categories, a history of on-trend innovation that continues to delight consumers and strong brands. On a lighter note, I have to mention the fact that Tim Tam biscuits were one of the official gifts the Australian government gave to President Obama for his daughters for his recent trip to Australia.  Pepperidge Farm continues to perform well with solid sales increases, which lifted the overall segment results. Consumers responded well to our new products, including cracker chips and Milano Melts. To keep our new product pipeline strong this past quarter, we broke ground on our new Pepperidge Farm Innovation Center, which will open its doors in the first quarter of fiscal 2013.  Turning to U.S. Beverages, sales declined 3%, and operating earnings were down 45%. Needless to say, that's a considerable decline and warrants explanation. 3 important factors were at play: we had significant inflation in juice concentrates and packaging costs. The shelf-stable juice category declined, and competition intensified with new entrants in vegetable juice and fruit vegetable blends. Short term, we believe we must maintain our competitiveness despite the inflation in this high potential space.  Over time, we can increase our reliance on innovation and marketing. On that front, we launched V8 V-Fusion smoothies during the first quarter and have other innovations planned for later in the year. And we just debuted our new advertising on October 15, featuring action star Jackie Chan. Craig will fully comment on all of our segments, including beverages in a few moments.  In September, we provided updated earnings guidance for the fiscal year. As I stated earlier, we're reiterating the same guidance today. We view fiscal 2012 as a year of transition and investment. There's a lot of energy and a renewed sense of purpose at Campbell to improve our performance. Changing our growth trajectory will take time as we fully implement our growth strategies to create a meaningfully different company.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig for his analysis of our financial results and an elaboration of our expectations for fiscal 2012.
B. Craig Owens: Thanks, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend a few minutes to discuss our first quarter results and segment highlights and follow with some comments on our full-year earnings guidance. While our profit results for the quarter are consistent with our expectations, the profile of the first quarter results is not indicative of our full-year plan. We expect improved sales and gross margin trends, as well as increased marketing spending in the balance of the year.  For the first quarter, we reported net sales of $2.16 billion, down 1% versus the first quarter of 2011. Excluding the favorable impact of currency, organic net sales declined by 2%. EBIT of $416 million for the quarter was down 6% versus a year ago, primarily due to significant cost inflation and lower volumes, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. On a segment basis, improved profitability in U.S. Simple Meals was more than offset by declines in U.S. Beverages and Global Baking and Snacking.  Earnings per share were $0.82 for the quarter, comparable to a year ago. In the first quarter, our recorded net sales declined by 1%, as a 2-point decline in organic sales was partly offset by a 1-point gain from currency translation.  As you can see on the slide, the decline in organic sales reflects a decrease in volume and mix of 5 points and the negative impact of increased promotional spending of 1 point, partly offset by an increase in pricing of 4 points. The impact of lower volumes was primarily in our U.S. Simple Meals business. The promotional spending variance is primarily due to increased spending across the U.S. Beverage portfolio, and the price increase is primarily in our U.S. Soup and Pepperidge Farm businesses, where it is helping to offset significant cost inflation.  As expected, our volumes have been negatively impacted by our efforts to improve price realization. Our gross margin declined from 41.2% in the first quarter of 2011 to 39.5% in the current quarter, a decrease of 170 basis points. This decline was primarily due to cost inflation and unfavorable mix, partly offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. Overall, our inflation rate and cost of goods was approximately 7% to 8% in the quarter, which is consistent with our full-year expectation.  The weaker sales performance in our higher-margin U.S. Soup and U.S. Beverage business is contributing to the negative mix impact. Marketing and selling expenses decreased by 6% to $261 million compared to $277 million in the prior year, primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses, principally in the U.S. Soup business, partly offset by the impact of currency. The increased effectiveness of the U.S. Soup advertising commenced later in the quarter to coincide with the start of the soup season.  There were several key businesses in which we stepped up our marketing support. Most notably, we significantly increased the advertising support in our U.S. Beverage and U.S. Sauce businesses. Administrative expenses increased by $5 million to $145 million this quarter, primarily due to higher incentive compensation and benefit costs and the unfavorable impact of currency, partially offset by the benefit of cost savings from previously-announced restructuring initiatives.  As I noted earlier, EBIT declined by 6% in the first quarter. On this slide, we show the items below the EBIT line. Net interest expense fell 7%, a decrease of $2 million, driven by lower rates on our long-term debt portfolio as we have refinanced the $700 million maturity that was due in February 2011. The tax rate declined 40 basis points to 32.2%. Benefiting from the lower tax rate and the lower interest costs, net earnings declined by 5% this quarter. However, diluted shares outstanding also declined 5% in the quarter, the results of our share repurchase activity since the first quarter a year ago, and thus earnings per share were comparable to prior year.  Segment sales results and the corresponding organic growth rates are shown on this slide. U.S. Simple Meals sales declined by 3%, reflecting lower results for U.S. Soup, partially offset by growth in U.S. Sauces. U.S. Soup sales fell 4% in the first quarter, as lower volumes were only partly compensated by higher selling prices.  We have improved price realization through our reduction in promotional discounting and a list price action. Our promotional spending in the first quarter includes the funding to support our 35 new Simple Meal items compared to just 5 items a year ago. Within the U.S. Simple Meals segment, sales trends in U.S. Sauces have improved, achieving modest gains in the quarter. Sales of Prego pasta sauce achieved volume-driven sales gains, while sales of Pace Mexican sauce declined slightly.  As I mentioned, we have stepped up our support both in advertising and promotional spending, which is beginning to have a positive impact on performance. Sales of the Global Baking and Snacking segment increased 1%, as growth in Pepperidge Farm was partially offset by declines at Arnott's. Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily due to gains in Goldfish snack crackers and the continued success of Milano Melts cookies. Decline in Arnott's was driven primarily by lower volumes, which have been negatively impacted by higher price points at retail and a weakening consumer environment in Australia.  Within the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, organic sales declined by 7%, primarily due to a volume-driven decline of soup sales in Canada where we significantly reduced promotional spending. Lower European sales also contributed to the decline. Volume reductions in France and Germany were only partly offset by sales gains in Belgium. U.S. Beverage sales decreased 3% versus prior year, primarily driven by decline in sales of V-8 vegetable juice, partly offset by sales growth in V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash.  We continue to focus on accelerating innovation in this category, and the launch of V8 V-Fusion smoothies significantly contributed to sales growth in the quarter, tracking ahead of our expectations. We increased both advertising and promotional spending in response to intensified competition and new entrants into the category. The shelf-stable juice category in total declined in the period. Sales of North American Foodservice increased by 6%, primarily due to volume gains in fresh-chilled soup sold at retail.  Operating earnings for U.S. Simple Meals increased 8% to $260 million this quarter. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to improved performance in U.S. Soup. U.S. Soup operating earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices and lower marketing expenses, partially offset by volume declines. Within marketing, the reduction associated with the timing of our U.S. Soup campaign was partly offset by the increased brand building support behind our Sauce business.  Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking declined by 12% on lower earnings at Arnott's. The decline there was primarily due to the impact of cost inflation and lower sales volumes, partially offset by the favorable impact of currency. Pepperidge Farm earnings were comparable to a year ago, as the impact of cost inflation was offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains.  Within International Simple Meals and Beverages, earnings declined by 16%, primarily due to lower earnings in Canada and the Asia-Pacific regions. Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages declined by 45%. This was primarily due to double-digit inflation from juice concentrates and packaging material, the negative impact of increased promotional spending and increased advertising. Given the competitive environment, we increased marketing spending both in trade promotions and advertising to step up our support for this business.  Operating earnings within North America Foodservice increased by $4 million, primarily driven by higher selling prices and productivity improvements, partly offset by cost inflation.  U.S. Soup sales are detailed here. In the quarter, lower volumes were partly offset by higher selling prices. As we've discussed, we shifted our promotional strategy in the middle of last year. As anticipated, the shift is having a negative impact on volume and sales, which will continue through the first half of this fiscal year.  Within soup, condensed sales decreased by 4%, with declines in both eating and cooking varieties. Ready-to-serve was down by 9%, reflecting declines in both canned and microwavable soups. The RTS segment has been the most impacted by price realization through reduced promotional spending. Broth sales rose 6%, primarily driven by higher selling prices and volume gains, mostly in aseptic cartons.  The U.S. wet soup category performance from the latest 52 weeks based on IRI panel data and Campbell internal estimates is shown here. The overall category rose in dollars by 0.4% in the past 52 weeks. Our soup sales declined by 2.6%, underperforming the category due to volume declines associated with our reductions in trade spending, which began February 1, and our list price increase beginning in mid-June.  Other branded players increased U.S. Soup sales by 4.7% during the period, while private label soup sales rose by 7%. While it's not shown on the chart, total volume in the soup category declined slightly versus the prior 52 weeks. Campbell's market share decreased 1.9 points as we focused on stabilizing soup profits. The share decline was driven by ready-to-serve soup, as our market share from condensed soup and broth were essentially unchanged.  Moving now to cash flow from operations. It was a source of $73 million compared to a use of $29 million in the prior period. Cash flow benefited from a $72 million reduction in pension contributions and a $49 million decrease in working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of $35 million were up from $27 million a year ago. During the quarter, we broke ground on our new R&D facility at Pepperidge Farm, which will contribute to our innovation efforts going forward.  For the year, we continue to forecast capital spending of approximately $325 million. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares at a cost of $85 million under our strategic share repurchase program announced in June 2011. Net debt was $2.7 billion, a decrease of $85 million.  Last July, we discussed our new strategies to stabilize and then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals, expand our international presence and continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and baked snacks.  Fiscal 2012 represents a transition year as we make the investments necessary to return to our long-term growth target rates. Our expectations for 2012 remain unchanged, with net sales growth to be between 0% and 2%. And we expect a decline in EBIT of between 9% and 7% and a decline in adjusted EPS of between 7% and 5%. We expect to increase marketing spending for the balance of the year, as well as improve sales and gross margin trends.  Now we'll move to Q&A. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: At this time, we'll conduct a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the past call, you guided to flattish gross margins for the full year. And I realize with margins in the first quarter being perhaps a little weaker than at least we had modeled, I guess I'm wondering if that's still a reasonable assumption for the full year. And the reason I ask is that if not, with the top line and EBIT guidance unchanged, are you getting a sense of what this implies for SG&A and if Campbell is still committed to the $100 million in the incremental spend around marketing and innovation for the year.
B. Craig Owens: Let me start with the last piece of that and say that we are committed to the incremental spend against innovation and marketing. In the first quarter, we were cycling the worst inflation comparison that we'll have across the full year, and we probably had a little bit of a negative -- a more negative mix composition in the first quarter than we would expect to have for the balance of the year, Andrew. I think that for the balance of the year, for the remaining 3 quarters, we would still be expecting gross margin to be essentially flat. Whether we'll get back all of the reduction we had in the first quarter or not, I'm not sure. But I think we'll be essentially flat for the balance of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So there -- is there anything else that changes that allows you to keep your EBIT guidance for the year the same? Or is it more just that's the reason for the range, I guess?
B. Craig Owens: Well, partially, that's the reason for the range. But again, if you think about the profile of the P&L this quarter, the things that would be different as we look forward would be an expectation for a stronger top line, a somewhat better mix composition, stronger gross margin. And those things would give us the ability to show the higher marketing spend as we go forward in the balance of the 3 quarters and still hit within the range of our bottom line.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, regarding the $100 million investment, we are absolutely committed to it. We've ramped up staff and funded our innovation breakthrough teams in R&D, and we are building a consumer-validated pipeline for F13 and beyond. And then you will continue to see increases in advertising and consumer promotion as the year unfolds versus a year ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the first question I have has to do with the -- is there anything short term or intermediate term, Denise, that you think can -- that can be done to kind of change the dynamics in beverages and -- at Arnott's? I mean, it just seems that, that's, to a certain extent, more macro-driven in the case of Australia. And for beverages, it just seems like unless the competition goes away or the category for whatever reason turns around, it's a little bit kind of out of your control.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, it's true that the shelf-stable juice category has weakened, and despite our declines, we actually did outperform the category. However, we believe that given the new entrants into the fruit and vegetable segments of the category, as well as vegetable-based segments, that we really needed to increase our promotion and protect our business. Now we have our new products shipping, starting with V8 V-Fusion smoothies, which early days look really positive. And our new advertising has started, too. So what we really would like to do as the year unfolds is rely more on the innovation and the brand building and much less on the price promotion going forward. But we'll have to watch the dynamics of the category because this is a very important business for us. In regards to Arnott's, needless to say that we are revising our plans to respond to this new reality. And we believe that we have very strong brands in that marketplace and will continue to work that. And the other thing we are doing is introducing new products into the market.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Do I get a follow-up, Jennifer?
Jennifer Driscoll: Sure.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. The -- I guess just having observed the company for a long time now, it seems that when it comes to the soup advertising or promotion, the company, over the years, just has tried like advertising in the fiscal fourth quarter and trying to get -- boost the business in a non-seasonally important part. And then, obviously, you've changed what happened a year ago. But I guess is it -- maybe it's a tough question to answer. But is it really about the timing of the advertising or promotion? I mean, isn't it at the end of the day just about the quality of the soup during the height of the soup season and that's really what's going to make a difference and not out of what seems like a never-ending shift as to what the company thinks is the right time or not the right time to advertise or promote the product?
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I mean, I think that the quality in the product is always important, and we at Campbell's take that very seriously. I do think though that based on what we did last year in the first quarter with the heavy discounting and the front-loading of our advertising, the fact that we are cycling with a whole different program this year is definitely going to show up in the comps. And so we felt that we had to explain that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So as you look into analyzing that the first quarter -- and I think -- and you were pretty clear, I guess, going into -- I think going back to the fourth quarter call that in soup, you were expecting a pretty tough quarter just because you were raising prices, you had less promotional activity and your advertising wasn't going to hit until late in the quarter. And it looks like the volume elasticities were not worse than you thought they were going to be or I think maybe even a little bit better. As the advertising has hit and as we start to model, I guess, the second and third quarters, have you begun to see at all a positive effect of being on air more? Has it had some effect on the elasticities? Just trying to get a sense for whether now there's -- you're getting some traction from having more support behind the price increase.
Denise M. Morrison: We were...
Jennifer Driscoll: We're not going to comment on the current month or partial quarter in any way.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right.
Denise M. Morrison: Right, right. But I think that what I can comment on is that we were encouraged by the fact that the volume declines weren't as severe as we modeled them, and that the elasticities were, in fact, better. That said, we know that to grow this category, we need a shift from stocking up to brand usage. And so the increase in marketing and advertising in quarter 2 and quarter 3 will be against that particular goal. So our expectation is that we'll continue to cycle a tough quarter in quarter 2, and we will be cycling comparable conditions starting February 1. But we will be in full swing for both quarters.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just maybe if you look at the first quarter, just any idea or any insight into why the elasticities ended up being better than you thought. Is it because the product proposition is better? Is it because the competition did something different? Just trying to understand that in terms of trying to extrapolate into the second quarter what we should be modeling.
Denise M. Morrison: I believe that last year, when we did the heavy promotion discounting, we didn't get the volume lift that we had anticipated because given the recessionary environment, the consumer stock-up behavior had fundamentally changed. Thus when we had better price realization, the lift were actually a little better than what we thought. So I think that what we learned here is that the consumer is willing to pay a higher price for the product. That said, we have to make sure we maintain a good balance of promotional activity with regular pricing in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple of questions for you in U.S. Soup. I know you had the launch of Slow Kettle in the quarter. You also had some new products a year ago. I'm curious if maybe you have any little color on Slow Kettle initially. And then maybe in relation to that, year-over-year, was there a benefit investment from new product activity in U.S. Soup?
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, first of all, just to sheer a number of new product entries in U.S. Soup was about 27 new SKUs this year versus 3 last year. So we hit the market with some force. And just to highlight, really, 2 new products that show early signs of encouragement: one, as you mentioned, Slow Kettle; and the second is Swanson Flavor Boost. And it's too early really to gauge consumer reaction at this point. But we have achieved our distribution targets, and we've got our merchandising plans in place. So far, our Slow Kettle distribution and velocity is on plan. And our Swanson Flavor Boost velocities are above target, and we believe that's due to the fact that we have now started our advertising and FSI support against that.
B. Craig Owens: So we're very happy with the sales execution, but I don't think you would have seen much impact on the actual numbers in the first quarter. They're pretty limited.
Denise M. Morrison: Right, not yet.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just want to follow up on the previous -- I think it was from Bryan's question, but sort of the marketing and the R&D and the increased investment of $100 million for the year. Is that any -- was that skewed at all to other division so that U.S. Beverage is getting more of that money than maybe you thought? I'm just -- I'm really more interested at how soup spending. Kind of as you see it today, does it have to increase more or less than you thought or just on plan?
B. Craig Owens: First of all, I think there are 2 things that are important here. One is that when you think about the $100 million, you can think about it in lots of different parts of our P&L, right? We're supporting new product introduction with money that would show up in trade spend. We're increasing marketing spend. In this past quarter, for example, we made considerable investment in Beverages with -- and our Sauce business. As the year progresses, you'll see some increased advertising in soup. We're also supporting SG&A kinds of expenses in the P&L as we've put the innovation platforms that we've talked about together in CNA. The other thing -- and I think Denise made this point particularly back in July. It's not just a matter of bossing an extra $100 million in on top of what we were doing. There's been a tremendous amount of redirection of activity and effort in the base spending, so that we feel that we are being more effective in our spending within the R&D line, that we're being more effective with our spending inside the marketing programs against some of these products. So even in the event that, say, advertising against a particular product line may not be up significantly, we think we spending a little more wisely, and we're definitely more focused on new product and innovation. So I guess my point is it's a little hard to scorekeep across all of those different dimensions against the $100 million without also thinking about redirected activity within the base.
Denise M. Morrison: [indiscernible] in operating committee to work with us with a large amount of discipline to make sure that we're tracking where the money is spent and how we're getting the best returns for that investment. But this is going to take us some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I'm still a little confused on where the money is being spent. I think that your advertising campaign for a liquid soup can do -- is expected to be only mildly higher than it was a year ago, a little above $100 million. And then I look at the R&D line, and it's flat versus a year ago. Denise, you said that you're staffing up, and you're probably testing a bunch of ideas. But I guess I'm just not clear like -- I would have expected R&D certainly to be up higher. I would have expected market research to be higher. Where are you right now in testing a pipeline of ideas that can come out in fiscal '13?
Denise M. Morrison: We have a full court press against developing this consumer-validated pipeline. And we have -- remember, we had a number of R&D and consumer insights resources on sodium reduction in the past. We've been able to repurpose a large number of those resources towards developing new disruptive innovation, particularly in the area of Simple Meals, because we already had a pretty robust group against beverage and baked snacks. But it is in absolute full swing, and we're pretty pleased with the progress that they are making. That's not necessarily showing up in the P&L as you look at the numbers versus a year ago because there has been some reallocation. But as the year advances, you will start to see the advertising and consumer line jump.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I get it. And then, Craig, can you remind us if there's anything in that $100 million, any assumption on higher incentive comp hitting your numbers this year?
B. Craig Owens: We have said that we have a headwind of about $20 million on incentive comp, but that is not in any way counted in the $100 million.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Separate. Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is actually Alexis Borden in for David this morning. Just a question. We saw some volume weakness across international baking/snacking -- the baking/snacking, of course, on the Australia side. Did you expect these volume declines? And what do you kind of see going forward? Do you think volumes are going to rebound? Or is this kind of a trend here?
Denise M. Morrison: Did you mean throughout global? Just to clarify, Global Baking and Snacking or just Australia baking and snacking in particular where you're asking about volumes?
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, both the international segment and the one also, Global Baking and Snacking.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I mean, we anticipate that the Pepperidge Farm part of our business, which performed well in the first quarter, will continue on that trajectory. We are dealing with the slower consumer environment in Australia. We did have more price realization in quarter 1, and we believe the pricing that the consumer experienced negatively impacted our volumes. So we are revising our plans to respond to this new reality. And we will continue to support our brands with strong levels of marketing support and introduce new products. And so we expect that there will be a positive response to this.
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But what about the International Simple Meals and Beverages? Volumes were down 7%. Do you see further volume losses there or kind of...
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we got off to a pretty tough start in both pieces of our Australia business, so Denise talked about Global Baking and Snacking. The soup side of that business was weakish also for some of the same reasons with respect to consumer weakness in Australia. And the European business, frankly, was soft, particularly in Germany and France.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: And the other point to make there is we employed the same strategy in Canada that we did in the U.S. So volumes are down significantly in Canada as we pulled back significantly on our trade promotion level.
B. Craig Owens: And so as with U.S. Simple Meals, we would expect to see some strengthening as we move through the year there.
Denise M. Morrison: Thanks, Anthony, there for chiming in.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a question on the advertising. How do you anticipate your trends, the consumer response to advertising, which has ramped up lately? Is it typical that the response is gradual? Do you expect a gradual ramp-up in consumer spending, particularly that non-promoted volume? Or is this something where you typically see more of an immediate response as you remind them of soup in that occasion?
Denise M. Morrison: Advertising typically takes a little bit longer than the immediate gratification of a promotion. However, there's been some changes in our advertising that are really, really important. We did repeat an anthem spot because that really showed some good diagnostics last year. What we did was we revised our condensed soup spots to highlight more of the emotional aspects of the brands, given consumer feedback. So that's fundamentally different. We were also featuring our icons, chicken noodle soup, tomato, in those spots, which we did not do last year when we featured the other varieties. We continued with Chunky in the campaign as is because that was a very strong response. So we believe, overall, that we've learned from what worked last year and what didn't, and we strengthened the campaign. But we do expect that, that campaign will take time to seed and grow the business.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If I can just squeeze one more in. How do you -- how would you characterize the pricing right now in the soup aisle? It looks like there's some broader price increases by competition out there in just the last month or so of the data, but maybe that's just a blip.
Denise M. Morrison: No, we moved prices up in June, but your observations are correct. In quarter 1, we're starting to see other branded and private label competitors improve their price realization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The Beverage business had some margin pressure this quarter, and we don't have a ton of historical data around that segment. So I'd just like to maybe get your sense for how you frame our expectations around both when those margins might start to recover? And then also, what you would consider to be kind of a normalized sustainable segment margin for Beverage.
B. Craig Owens: Well, Ed, I -- it's difficult to predict when the environment might change. 2 things are going on at the same time here. One is that we've seen really significant inflation into the category from both packaging costs and from juice concentrates. And the other thing is that we've seen a lot of competitive entrants into the category. So we have been intentionally being very competitive with respect to price and with respect to promotional activity to defend the territory that we've carved out there. Historically, I would say that the V8 red juice tends to be very responsive to the overall consumer environment and tends to weaken somewhat in difficult economies, strengthen somewhat in stronger economies. We've continued to see good growth from our innovative product entries, but we haven't gotten as much margin as we would normally like in those areas because of the circumstances that I just described. So I think as you look forward, clearly, we would expect to restore some margin to the category over time. But in the short term, it's going to be a rough piece of the business for us because of those circumstances.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just as a quick follow-up. Can you tell us if there's historically much margin seasonality within that business? We obviously know the last year's numbers, but over a longer period of time, are certain quarters higher versus lower margins in that business, typically?
B. Craig Owens: There's not a great deal of seasonal variation in our juice business on margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just -- I think I've asked this question almost on every call every quarter now. I just want to focus on the balance sheet again and buybacks. I know over the past -- I mean, consistently, over the past 10 years, you buy back shares every year. Past 3 years, on average, each year, you've been buying back about 600 million. It sounds like some of your options are starting to roll off more. So I'm just curious. This year, I saw you bought back some shares in Q1. But should we be modeling in a $500 million cash outflow? Or just some color on expectation for incremental buybacks this year, especially because you're so under levered.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we don't give a forecast on share buyback by the year. As you know, we've got a $1 billion program that was approved last June. I think the best thing I can do is just relate back to what we say about cash flow. First, priority is reinvestment in our business for good return. Our second priority is to the extent that we can identify good candidates for acquisition or partnership kinds of activities, invest in the expansion in our international business or in our domestic business in those ways. We try to be very consistent with respect to the way that we handle the dividend, and the share repurchase is sort of the last and most flexible piece of the cash flow picture for us. And in our order to keep it that way, we don't lock ourselves into a specific forecast for the year.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the comment you just made, too. On cash flow is -- I mean, if I just look kind of on average over the past 5 years, I mean, you've actually spent more on the dividend than you have on CapEx and purchasing new assets combined. So I'm just -- if I'm thinking forward 3 or 5 or 10 years for kind of a stable business as yours on the cash flow side, do you think that would ever reverse? I mean, do you think -- would you ever potentially hold the dividend flat, not grow the dividend, but grow more in acquisitions and value-creating investments?
B. Craig Owens: We tend to look at the dividend versus the peer group that we're in, and while we don't have a written policy from the board, we sort of hang around the middle of the payout ratio of the peer set. And I think that would be the reasonable expectation looking forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So innovation this quarter. You guys had a lot that come into market. I think, Denise, you highlighted soup going from 3 to 27. Was there any sort of any pipeline benefit just as you stock up warehouses, get that on shelf, that we should be aware of this quarter?
B. Craig Owens: Not one that would be very material to the numbers, Jason. No.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I think that's helpful. Looking at soup in aggregate, you guys had a lot of comments about [indiscernible] on elasticity is coming in better. You're feeling good about innovation, you're feeling good about the efficacy of your marketing, even if the magnitude is down year-on-year. How do we split that with some of the performance, though? Because I look at soup, particularly RTS, I mean, it's down 9% this quarter. It was down 13% the same quarter last year. Is that really better than what you guys were expecting this quarter?
Denise M. Morrison: Actually, the overall soup performance was better than what we were expecting this quarter in that we said that we were going to stabilize the category from a profitability standpoint for us and then grow net sales. And believe me, when we went away from the price discounting that we did last year and the volumes came in better than expected and therefore the profitability was better than expected, we believe we're on our way to stabilizing our business and then profitably growing from that base.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Just to give some more context on that. Our volume performance in soup in the first quarter, despite the list price increase in the fourth quarter and the reduction in trade, is better than the back half of last year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Where was the increase in trade then? Because I see your promotions were negative 1% this quarter as a contributor to sales. Was that more sauces and salsa?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, trade is up on both Beverages and Sauce businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think you just answered it, but I just wanted to go through a little bit more color on the trade spending in U.S. Simple Meals. It's kind of surprising to me that overall trade spending in Simple Meals could be up when it's down for the U.S. Soup business. Just given the relative size of soup versus sauces, how is that the case?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Part of it is the nuance to how we calculate these variances. Certainly, on a dollar basis, year-on-year trade promotion spending is down in U.S. Soup. When we do the sales variances, you can think of it as if we're doing it on a rate-per-case idea. So promotional spending is down, and volume is down. And that's why you don't see it on the sales variance as much.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Craig, have you given a estimate as to COGS inflation for this year?
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we have. We have said that input cost would be in the 8% to 10% range, that the net impact after our enabler program would be between 3% and 5% on total cost of sales.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And has that changed since the Analyst Day that -- I believe that was from the Analyst Day, right?
B. Craig Owens: It has not changed, and the first quarter fell roughly in line with that. We were up between 7% and 8% in terms of input cost. Our enablers were about 3% of cost of sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with Credit Agricole Securities.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to talk about the shipment versus scanner. And I think this might be a function of what you talked about earlier in the call when you said you saw some channel shift traditional retail sort of bearing the brunt of the changing shopping patterns. But I'm particularly concerned about the ready-to-serve segment, which seemed to show sort of, for the 12-week basis, a bigger decline than your shipment. So is that just a function of consumers are shopping in channels that aren't part of the scanner data? Or is there a little bit of buildup? Because we know that advertising is going to get turned on. What do you attribute that to?
Denise M. Morrison: We found that for the quarter, shipments track consumption more closely than what we experienced last year. And in quarter 1, typically, we ship ahead of consumption because we're building for the season, but we did see a lower level of customer inventory than last year. And we believe that in the prior year, because of the heavy discounting we did, we were definitely shipping more cases ahead of consumption in the quarter last year. And we do track customer inventories for the majority of our customers. And actually, our inventories are down versus a year ago. So -- but we believe that the shipments are pretty much in line with consumption.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just clarify for me, when did you turn advertising on last year? When did you turn it on this year? And then when did you turn it off in about soup last year? So I can get some kind of idea about you turned it on in August, and this year, you turned it on in September. Just give me a timeline.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we turned it on August 1 last year against our reignite condensed launch, and we were pretty much done by the halftime. And this year, we turned it on the week after Labor Day, this is in soup, the week after Labor Day. And we intend to go through the third -- the end of the third quarter. In beverages, we turned on the advertising October 15. In sauce, we didn't advertise that much last year, so we actually started sauce advertising in the quarter.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what do you consider halftime, just to clarify, last year?
Denise M. Morrison: The end of January.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: End of January. Okay.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. We'll turn it back over to Denise for our wrap-up.
Denise M. Morrison: So before we conclude our first quarter call, let me leave you with a few thoughts. The important point I want to make is while it's early, we are clear where we're headed, and we're beginning to execute our strategies. We'll continue to do what we said we would do, and we'll continue to tell you what's working, what's not and what we're doing about it. And while our first quarter financial performance was largely in line with our expectations, we recognize that we've got more work to do in our categories. Stepping back, the quarter serves to reinforce our conviction that more brand building and innovation are needed to deliver the profitable sales growth that we want. And as we focus forward, we're determined to build a different company at Campbell, one that creates value by driving sustainable profitable net sales growth. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-09-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: B. Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Denise Morrison - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Anthony DiSilvestro - Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Jessica Schmidt - JP Morgan Chase & Co Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Campbell Soup Co.'s fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance. Today, Denise will give an overview of our strategies and comment on our performance for the fourth quarter, followed by a detailed discussion from Craig that also includes our expectations for fiscal 2012. Following the wrap-up from Denise, all of us will take questions from analysts and investors. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode.  As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 4 in our presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement.  The results presented today have been adjusted for items impacting comparability, including those that the company announced in June, comprised of a series of initiatives to improve supply chain efficiency and to reduce overhead costs across the organization, as well as the charges related to the decision to close the company's Moscow office and exit the Russian market. As a result of these initiatives in the fourth quarter, we recorded pretax restructuring costs of $63 million or $41 million after tax, which equals about $0.12 per share.  Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we have provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying the presentation. These slides, as well as our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data, can be found on the website.  We've also made a change in our reportable segments, you can see it on Slide 6. Consistent with our strategy and recent management changes effective this quarter, we are reporting the businesses that formally constituted the U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment as 2 separate reporting segments. First is the U.S. Simple Meals, which includes our U.S. Soup and Sauce portfolio; and the second is U.S. Beverages. We also now have geographic designations on all of our segments, so Baking and Snacking becomes Global Baking and Snacking with no change to the elements that comprise it. International Soup, Sauces and Beverages becomes International Simple Meals and Beverages to match our U.S. naming convention. North America Foodservice doesn't change a name, yet beginning with the fourth quarter of 2011, costs associated with restructuring activities are not included in segment results, and this change affected Foodservice comparisons for the fiscal year. All of our segments results for prior periods have been modified to conform to the current presentation. Further information on historical beverages performances by quarter will be disclosed, along with our first quarter earnings in November 22nd -- it's the 22nd. We'll give you first through third quarters at the time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Denise Morrison.
Denise Morrison: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Campbell's fourth quarter earnings conference call for fiscal 2011. This is my first call as Campbell's CEO, and it's an honor and a privilege for me to represent Campbell's here today. I look forward to having an ongoing candid dialogue with all of you about our company, our performance and our progress on the growth strategies we outlined in July at our Analyst Day. In fiscal 2011, after a very weak first half, our focus was on improving our bottom line performance in the back half, while developing a strategic framework for Campbell's future growth. I'll share my observations on our performance in a moment.  As I stated in our Analyst Day in July, our primary goal is to create value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. To achieve that goal, we are pursuing 3 growth strategies. First, we will stabilize then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals. Second, we will invest to expand our international presence. And third, we will continue to drive growth in healthy beverages and baked snacks. We are confident in and committed to these new growth strategies. We're heartened by the constructive feedback we've received from many of you regarding our plans, yet we also recognize, as you do, that the key to success is our ability to execute these strategies.  We enter fiscal 2012 energized with a renewed focus on the consumer. While the economies in our primary markets have generally improved since the lows of the economic crisis, many consumers remained cautious. The recovery has not progressed at the pace or intensity consumers had hoped for. As a result, consumers remain careful about their purchases and feel the need for resourcefulness and vigilance. In this environment, it is critical for us to deliver meaningful innovation focused on consumer needs, and to differentiate our brands through effective marketing that emphasizes our products' tangible benefits and value relative to the competition.  Turning to our results. I said earlier that one area of focus for the past few months was on improving our financial performance in the back half. After an improvement in the third quarter, this morning we reported that adjusted EBIT increased 24% in the fourth quarter to $232 million. On a per share basis, adjusted net earnings grew 30% to $0.43 a share in the current quarter. Global Baking and Snacking, which has been strong all year, led the way in the fourth quarter. This business, which is an area targeted for accelerated growth in our strategy, posted a strong quarterly gain in sales and operating earnings. We have a solid track record of innovation in both Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm. We intend to accelerate innovation with our investment in the new Pepperidge Farm Innovation Center, which we will break ground on later this month.  Turning to U.S. Simple Meals. As you recall in the first half of fiscal 2011, our Simple Meals performance suffered. These increases in promotional spending behind U.S. Soup did not deliver the expected volume lift. Mid-year, we changed our marketing strategy and pulled back on heavy promotions. As a result, we began to improve the profitability of the Simple Meals business in the third quarter. Subsequently, we took a list price increase in U.S. Soup due to inflationary pressures. In the fourth quarter, we continue to see further profit improvement in our Simple Meals business despite anticipated volume declines. Emphasis on brand building combined with more consistent innovation is the right approach to stabilize and then profitably grow our Simple Meals business. To that end, customer reception to our new products in Simple Meals, Slow Kettle soups, Swanson flavor boost and new Prego and Wolfgang Puck sauces is positive, and the sell-in is progressing as planned.  We also have begun the important longer-term process of reinvigorating our Simple Meals innovation pipeline. As we told you, we intend to rebalance our consumer marketing support in U.S. Soup and are on track to stabilize and profitably grow the broader Simple Meals business over the long term. Soup volumes and consumption were softer this quarter as we expected because price realization is coming through. We have 2 more quarters ahead where we will be cycling the heavy discounting activity. While we expect further volume declines, we will be competitive and we believe elasticity will normalize over time.  As you've seen in our news release this morning, we've broken out our U.S. Beverages results. This new reporting segment is aligned with our strategic framework and increased emphasis on accelerating growth in beverages. It also provides a greater degree of granularity on our performance. U.S. beverage sales declined slightly against very strong prior-year performance, while operating earnings declined amid significant cost inflation and discounting in a highly competitive environment. Craig will comment further on our new beverages segment.  In July, we provided updated guidance for the year. We finished the year slightly better than that. However, we are by no means satisfied with where we are. Changing our growth trajectory will take time as we fully implement the strategies we laid out for you in July.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig for his analysis of our financial results and an elaboration of our expectations for fiscal 2012. Craig?
B. Owens: Thanks, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend the next few minutes stepping through our fourth quarter results and segment highlights, followed by a recap of fiscal year results. I'll conclude with a brief discussion of our fiscal 2012 guidance.  For the quarter, we reported net sales of $1.6 billion, a 6% increase versus the prior year. Organic net sales increased by 1%. Excluding items impacting comparability, EBIT increased 24% in the quarter to $232 million. Earnings per share was $0.43 this quarter, up 30% compared with EPS in the fourth quarter of 2010. The net sales increase of 6% reflected a 5-point increase due to the currency translation, as the Australian dollar, Canadian dollar and euro have all strengthened. Excluding the favorable impact of currency, organic net sales increased by 1%. Pricing added 2 points, reduced promotional spending added one point and volume and mix subtracted 2 points. The price increase is primarily in our Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's businesses in reaction to a significant inflation in grain-based commodities. The variance in promotional spending reflects our strategy to reduce promotional spending in U.S. Soup in the back half of the year. And as expected, this has had a negative impact on volume.  Our gross margin declined by 60 basis points from 40.4% to 39.8%. This decline was primarily due to cost inflation, the rate of which increased in the quarter, partly offset by productivity improvements, higher selling prices and reduced promotional spending. In the fourth quarter, marketing and selling expenses decreased by 11% to $196 million compared to $221 million in the prior year, primarily due to lower out-of-season advertising spending in U.S. Soup; reductions in Australia to reallocate more spending to trade in a very competitive retailer environment; and lower spending in Russia, given our decision to exit the market. Administrative expenses increased $3 million to $170 million this quarter, driven by the impact of currency.  Below the line, interest expense was comparable to the prior year. Tax rate increased 2.7 points to 32.5%, reflecting taxes associated with a higher level of cash repatriations compared to the prior year. Due to the impact of our ongoing share repurchase program, diluted shares outstanding declined 5% in the quarter, contributing the earnings per share growth of 30%.  In our segment results for the quarter, organic sales within the Global Baking and Snacking segment increased 7%, as both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's benefited from higher selling prices and strong volume gains. And Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily due to gains in Goldfish snack crackers, while sales at Arnott's rose due to gains in savory crackers led by Shapes, and the growth in Tim Tam chocolate biscuits.  U.S. Simple Meals sales declined 8%, reflecting lower sales for both U.S. Soup and U.S Sauce. U.S. Soup sales fell 9% in the quarter. Soup volume performance was weak, impacted by our strategy in the second half to reduce promotional spending, our list price action to help offset that inflation and also unfavorable movements in customer inventories compared to the year-ago quarter. Sales of both Prego and Pace declined for the quarter. The decrease in Prego sales reflects continued competitive merchandising and new items in the Italian sauce category. The decline of Pace sales reflect share losses to private label.  Within the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, organic sales were comparable to prior year. Gains in Europe and Canada were offset by declines in the Asia Pacific region and in Latin America. U.S. Beverage sales declined 1% versus prior year, lasting strong growth of 12% in the prior year quarter. Sales of V8 vegetable juice declined, reflecting increased competitive activity while sales of V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash both increased. The launch of new items including V8 Fusion, V8 V-Fusion + Tea, new flavor varieties and the 8-ounce slim cans contributed to V8 V-Fusion sales gains. Organic sales of North American Foodservice increased by 8%, primarily due to decreased promotional spending.  Operating earnings in the U.S. Simple Meals segment increased 4% to $101 million this quarter. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to lower marketing and selling expenses, and an increase in gross margin percentage, reflecting our price realization efforts. Earnings within Global Baking and Snacking increased 26% due to growth at Arnott's and the favorable impact of currency, partly offset by a decline in Pepperidge Farm. The mark-to-market impact of open commodity hedges had a negative impact on Pepperidge Farm earnings in the quarter.  Operating earnings for U.S. Beverages declined 29% versus very strong results a year ago. The decline was due to significant cost inflation and increased promotional spending, partly offset by productivity improvements. We experienced significant inflation in fruit and vegetable concentrates, as well as packaging materials.  This quarter, we saw strong earnings growth within our International Simple Meals and Beverages segment and in North American Foodservice. In the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, operating earnings increased by 300%, primarily due to gains in Canada, reduced spending in Russia and the favorable impact to currency. Operating earnings within North American Foodservice increased by $13 million, primarily driven by reduced promotional spending and productivity improvements.  U.S. Soup sales for the quarter declined 9%. Within Soup, condensed sales decreased 10% with declines in both eating and cooking varieties. Ready-to-serve was down 5%, reflecting declines in Select Harvest canned soups and in microwaveable varieties. Broth sales fell 11%. Soup sales, especially condensed varieties, were negatively impacted by unfavorable movements in customer inventory levels. As I mentioned earlier, our reduced trade spending and list price actions are also pressuring volumes.  For the full year now. Reported net sales increased 1%. Organic net sales were down 1%. On a segment basis, the organic sales decline is primarily due to the decline in U.S. Simple Meals, partly offset by growth in Global Baking and Snacking. Excluding items impacting comparability in both periods, EBIT of $1.3 billion was down 1% versus a year ago. This decrease was primarily due to the decline in gross margin percentage and lower sales volume, partly offset by lower marketing expenses and favorable currency. Earnings per share for the year increased 3% to $2.54, benefiting from fewer outstanding shares.  For the fiscal year, our reported net sales increased 1% and included a gain from currency translation of 2 points. Excluding the impact of currency, organic sales were down by 1%. As you can see on Chart 27, the negative impact of our increased promotional spending and our decrease in sales volume was only partly offset by higher selling prices.  For the full year, our gross margin percentage declined from 41% to 40.2%, an 80 basis point reduction that was primarily due to cost inflation of approximately 2% and higher plant costs and increased promotional spending, partly offset by productivity improvements and higher selling prices. Marketing and selling expenses decreased, reflecting lower advertising and lower selling expenses, partly offset by the impact of currency. Administrative expense increased $7 million, primarily due to the impact of currency. Excluding the currency impact, higher pension and benefit cost and costs associated with the new headquarters facility were offset by cost savings and lower incentive compensation costs. Below the operating line, net interest expense increased 5% to $111 million for the year, reflecting a higher percentage of long-term debt in the portfolio and a slightly higher average net debt balance. The tax rate at 31.5% was comparable to the year-ago rate. For the fiscal year, net earnings declined 2% and, benefiting from a 4% reduction in diluted shares outstanding, EPS increased 3% to $2.54 versus $2.47 per share in 2010.  In segment results for the full year, the most significant movements were in U.S. Simple Meals and Global Baking and Snacking. U.S. Simple Meals sales declined 6%, reflecting a 6% decrease in U.S. Soup sales, as well as lower sales of Prego pasta sauce and Pace Mexican sauce, both of which had been negatively impacted by increased competitive activity. Sales for Global Baking and Snacking increased 4% versus prior year, as both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's achieved volume gains and also benefited from higher selling prices.  In U.S. Simple Meals, operating earnings declined 11% to $657 million. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to lower sales and a reduced gross margin percentage, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Global Baking and Snacking operating earnings increased by 10%, primarily due to the impact of currency and volume-driven gains at both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. Within the International Simple Meals and Beverages segment, operating earnings increased by 15%, primarily driven by growth in the Asia Pacific region, the impact of currency and the benefit of reduced investment spending in Russia. Operating earnings of U.S. Beverages declined 12% due to the increased promotional spending. North American Foodservice operating earnings increased 49%, driven by reduced promotional spending, productivity improvements in excess of inflation and lower administrative expenses. U.S. Soup sales for the fiscal year fell by 6%. Within Soup, condensed sales declined 4%, ready-to-Serve soup decreased 9% and broth sales decreased 5%.  Category performance in the United States during the last 52 weeks based on IRI Panel Data and Campbell internal estimates as shown on Slide 33. The overall U.S. wet soup category declined in dollars by 1.6% in the last 52 weeks. Our soup sales in dollars declined 4.2%, underperforming the category. Our soup sales performance this year reflected our heavy promotions in the first half, which did not generate the expected lifts, followed by a rebalancing of the marketing mix and a list price increase in the back half. All other branded players saw an increase in U.S. Soup sales of 3.4% this year, while private label soup sales grew by 2.6%. While it's not shown on the chart, total volume in the soup category was essentially steady with prior year.  Campbell's dollar share at wet soup for the past 52 weeks was 61.8%, down 170 basis points. Our market share for condensed soup and broth was essentially unchanged. As has been the trend, the decline in our soup dollar share came from ready-to-serve soup. Of our share decline, 2/3 was picked up by other branded players while 1/3 moved to private label, reflecting the relative size of these players in the market. Higher price realization in the second half contributed to our market share losses, but as Denise said, this move in conjunction with our efforts and innovation in brand building, is an important part of the transition to a more profitable growth in our U.S. Soup and Simple Meal business.  Cash flow from operations increased by $85 million to $1.1 billion. Cash flow benefited from lower pension contributions and higher cash earnings. Working capital requirements were also higher. Capital expenditures of $272 million were down from $315 million a year ago. Looking ahead, we forecast capital spending in fiscal 2012 of approximately $325 million. For the year, we repurchased 21 million shares at a cost of $728 million. We completed our strategic share repurchase program announced in June 2008, authorizing repurchases of $1.2 billion over the 3-year period. In June 2011, we announced that the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program with no expiration date, to purchase up to $1 billion of our outstanding shares. Net debt was $2.6 billion, an increase of $74 million.  With respect to 2012 guidance, there is no change to our fiscal 2012 expectations on an absolute dollar basis. However, given that we finished fiscal 2011 slightly ahead of the guidance we provided in July, we have adjusted our 2012 growth rates to reflect this and to maintain our commitment to support brand building and innovation in 2012. In fiscal 2012, we expect net sales growth to be between 0% and 2%, with the assumption that currency will not have a significant impact. We expect a decline in adjusted EBIT of between 9% and 7% negative, which includes an incremental investment of $100 million in innovation and brand building, input cost inflation up between 8% and 10%, a $60 million benefit from our recent restructuring program and a negative impact related to restoring incentive compensation to targeted levels. Finally, we expect a decline in adjusted earnings per share of between 7% and 5%, with interest expense comparable to the prior year and a tax rate in the 32% to 33% range.  Thank you. With that, Denise will now conclude our presentation.
Denise Morrison: Thanks, Craig. Before taking your questions, I want to make some closing remarks. We improved our EBIT performance in the back half and began to make the transition in U.S. Soup towards rebalanced marketing mix. We continue to believe that improved innovation and brand building is the right thing to do for all of our businesses. We're confident in our strategies and plans. It's early and we're just beginning to implement these plans, but the company is energized by the new course we've chartered. We also recognize that changing our growth trajectory will take time and solid execution. Fiscal 2012 will be a transition year, as we work to create a different company at Campbell. Our primary goal is to create value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth, and that is our focus going forward. With that, we'll open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Jessica Schmidt - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Jessica Schmidt on for Terry. So we understand that there's not been a significant change to the overall soup category shelf space at Wal-Mart. And our question is, have you either gained or lost any portion of that shelf space at Wal-Mart or any other retailers?
Denise Morrison: We don't really comment on particular situations with retailers, so we...
B. Owens: I would say overall that our shelf space is about flat versus prior year in the total grocery and discount channel.
Denise Morrison: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to ask you in relation to the guidance for next year, just on the percentage rate being down a little more, the percentage point less than we thought, what is that driven by? Are you trying to do more in the form of marketing? Or I heard you say about $100 million increase to marketing, I thought that was pretty consistent with what you said before. So what is it that led the growth rate down a little bit more for next year?
B. Owens: Chris, the only thing that changed is the base year. The base year was a little bit higher. Part of that, over-delivery was a little bit lower spend on marketing, and we're just hanging on to the absolute guidance, if you will. I know we gave it in percentages, but if you look at the absolute numbers, we'd come back to what we said in July.
Denise Morrison: We just thought it was really important to maintain the integrity of that spending plan as we make 2012 a year of investment.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then I just want to ask about in ready-to-serve soup, first of all you've got a new product launch with Slow Kettle. Is a lot of that baked in -- is a lot of those shipments in this quarter?
Denise Morrison: No. No, most of the shipments will happen in the first quarter. It just started shipping.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think in your recent meeting in Camden, you talked about being able to hope to hold gross margins roughly flat year-over-year, given some of the incremental pricing to help with the productivity for the inflation rates. Is that still generally what you're thinking about?
B. Owens: Yes.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just on the way we should think about earnings, that sort of -- the trajectory, if you will, through the year, obviously the EPS sort of results last year in your fiscal first half were lower year-over-year. So those comps a bit easier, but I know you'd be ramping up spending, I would assume, in the first half as well. But I'm just trying to get a sense of how some of things play out, and if there's any dramatic difference in the way earnings flow throughout the year even if it's just directional.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, Andrew, we don't give quarterly guidance, and we intend to start spending against the $100 million investment starting in quarter one. But the pacing will, of course, vary by business. That said, we're not expecting the first half to be easy. We've had a list price increase and competitors have delayed following suit. So we expect that competitive pressures will continue. So we have to watch this very carefully.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Denise, just on the competitive environment heading into the soup season, you've talked about the competitors slowing -- slow to reacting to pricing actions. But just in terms of some of the promotional activity that you're expecting from your competitors in the soup season going forward, and then how that could potentially affect some of the merchandise and support that you could be getting that relates to some of your innovation and your product launches?
Denise Morrison: We have not seen our branded competition move up base price in the marketplace. And we believe that with the latest round of pricing, we have the opportunity to offer the best price value across the category while still covering our inflation in our marketing investments. Our intention is to be competitive. And I don't know if you have anything to add to that, Craig?
B. Owens: No, I think -- I don't want to get into the business of trying to project what the competitor's going to do. As Denise says, we're going to be competitive. We're going to manage our way through the year. But directionally and strategically, what we've done in the second half is the way that we're going to approach the business coming into 2012, which is with more emphasis on brand building and less emphasis on trade discount.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think it's important to recognize that even though we're pulling back a little bit on trade, we are still spending a significant amount of funds on both promotional spending as well as advertising.
Denise Morrison: Absolutely. But we're applying a whole new level of discipline to that spending.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then, Craig, is there a way to quantify in the fourth quarter how much the Russian closure lowered your marketing and selling expenses?
B. Owens: Russia was worth about $0.01 in terms of savings from the closures and reduction in marketing spend.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Just a question on that competitive pricing and price gaps. I'm sure you look at the effective price gaps for soup categories in detail, and not just versus private label for the condensed category but maybe even versus ready-to-serve soup, which has become more promotional. And maybe effectively, their prices have been coming down to condensed. Do you feel comfortable with the price gaps, where they are today? Do you think that, that is a problem for condensed, or is that more or less where you think is a sustainable gap?
Denise Morrison: Actually, with the price discounting we did last year on ready-to-serve soup, David, we actually saw a compression in the retail prices of ready-to-serve and condensed. So we believe that by focusing on the pricing and promotion strategy we have going forward with the discipline we're exercising, the consumer will continue to see a good array of value from Campbell's with condensed and ready-to-serve soup.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And effectively, you think that, that price gap will widen a little bit this year with some of the pricing actions that are being taken? Is that the thought?
Denise Morrison: It's early to tell. The price realization is just coming through on shelf. So we'll see where that ends up.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And basically you think that the price gap, if there's any sort of price gap widening that might be helpful, might be that those 2 categories versus some sort of private label problem for condensed?
Denise Morrison: I think there'll be consumers that will continue to shop the category for price. And then there'll be consumers that continue to shop the category for the benefits offered for the price paid. And we intend, through our marketing, to communicate our value proposition to the consumer in a much bigger way. We believe that's a healthier way to drive the usage of our brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I actually want to ask about the Snack business. You had a pretty good quarter there, and that business has a fair amount of Australia exposure. And we've just heard some pretty awful things recently about that market in particular. I was just hoping you could maybe give us a little bit of context on what you're seeing over there.
Denise Morrison: The Australian market, from an economic standpoint, is starting to become more under pressure. However, we believe that with the size of the business we have over there in the categories that we play and the customer relationships that we have, we'll continue to be responsive and continue the momentum that we've built in that marketplace. We're very bullish on Australia.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then one follow-up, if I could, on the U.S. Soup side. You had an inventory drawdown at the retail level this quarter, which I think is kind of the second fourth quarter in a row where you've talked about that. As we think about kind of the first and second quarters of the year, should we expect an add-back there? In other words, should your shipment growth exceed your consumption growth in the first quarter, for example, just to replenish what you didn't get in the fourth quarter?
Denise Morrison: It's actually a bit hard to predict, Ed, because heavy discounting was so severe last year that inventory didn't necessarily fall where consumption occurred. And so we are watching that relationship very closely as we go into the season. But suffice it to say that it was really the discounting we did last year that made the inventory situation course correct in the fourth quarter for us this year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: And just to add to that point, because of the fourth quarter, the small quarter for soup, this small change in inventory does have a meaningful impact on fourth quarter volumes. But when you look at the first and second quarters, it won't be material.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: This is Adam Josephson in for Akshay. At your Analyst Day, Sean mentioned 3 factors that have negatively affected your soup business: fewer stock-up trips by heavy users, sodium reductions and an overemphasis on promotions. Obviously, the latter 2 factors are within your control. And you stated your intention to add back sodium to your soups and to focus more on branding. But if stock-up trips remain low or even declined from where they are today given the state of the economy, how would that affect your ability to return to growth in your soup business?
Denise Morrison: I think that the fact that stock-up trips are down are not an excuse. They're just a different dynamic that we have to deal with. And the way we promote the product, the fact that we're funneling more investment into advertising of the product to generate usage, will work more with the consumer's pattern for buying. We believe that's the right way to proceed at this point.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, and just one other one. Sean also pointed out that over the past few decades, the number of items in grocery stores has skyrocketed, and the number of options available to consumers for lunch and dinner is much higher than it ever has been. How does that situation change the way you approach marketing soup to the extent it does so at all? In other words, do you market it differently than you did 5, 10 years ago? And if so, how?
Denise Morrison: We're still in the throes of developing our advertising campaign for next year. But I do believe that everything we do now will be in the lens of a broader competitive set within Simple Meals, and recognizing that the consumer does make those choices and we want to compel them to choose Campbell.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So 2 questions, but they're just related to one another. It's on the quarter and then on fiscal '12 guidance. So on July 13, it seems that you had the guidance for $2 -- sorry, you've exceeded the guidance by about $0.05 and that's all from the fourth quarter beat from lower marketing investments. When you say that marketing is going to be up $100 million in fiscal '12, that's been on slightly lower base than what you were talking about on July 13. So the first question is, do I have this right? And then I think that translates on an adjusted EPS basis, when I plug my numbers in the percentages that you've given, guidance for '12 was about $0.02 better on both ends than it was on Analyst Day. Is that -- Craig, do I have these numbers right?
B. Owens: Well, first of all, David, the $100 million number that you have is not all going to appear in the selling and marketing line. We talked about $100 million as incremental investment in innovation and marketing. So some of it, yes, will appear in marketing, some of it will appear in R&D and some of it will actually appear in other SG&A lines to support the infrastructure that we put in against innovation. I think the best way to think about the guidance change is really that we over-delivered the quarter, part of that was because we had lower marketing spend. But we also delivered at the gross margin line a little bit more strongly in a couple of the divisions. And as Denise said earlier, we've just made sure that we've taken the approach that for 2012, we're going to hold the plan that we have in place, which implies a little bit lower lift at EBIT and EPS on a percentage basis. But it's the same plan.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. But sometimes the percentages get confusing. The EPS numbers, by my calculation, are up $0.02 on the low end and high end for the 2012 number. And then I suppose if that absolute calculation is correct, I just -- since Analyst Day, basically, the economic situation in the U.S. has worsened, and it just gets interesting -- and maybe these are slightly minor numbers in the margin. I mean, if that's the answer that's fine. I'm just curious that at this early juncture in the year, you'd even make any changes to the absolute EPS guidance.
B. Owens: Yes, I would have $0.01 instead of $0.02, but I think we're slicing it pretty thin here for a forecast for the full year when we're talking about the difference in $0.01. And again, the approach was not so much to agonize over the pennies as to just say were going to hold our plan for 2012 and how does that work out in terms of percentages.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I just had a question about the transition away from trade spending. You said you're walking away from some unprofitable spending that you did in the first half of '11. One of your competitors has actually made a lot of progress on their margins by reducing trade spending. And I'm just wondering in your guidance here, you're guiding margins down about 200 basis points despite shifting away from these unprofitable programs. I'm just wondering if you could help me understand how that is, maybe it's just inflation or being put in another bucket. And maybe a follow-up.
B. Owens: We do have, as we talked about in July, Rob, a pretty significant inflationary pressure in the numbers and then the assumption for next year. I mean, of course, we haven't given guidance on the gross margin line per se. So I think we also talked about, in operating expenses, that we've got a headwind related to the incentive pay that we hope to get back to pay out at targeted levels. So I think there's some combination of maybe inflation, above gross profit and SG&A pressure related to benefit costs and incentive costs below the gross profit line.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess another way of asking it, Craig, is if those programs were really unprofitable programs, would eliminating them provide any kind of a benefit in your margin outlook, or you don't think of it that way?
Anthony DiSilvestro: This is Anthony. That would certainly be true for U.S. Soup. But you were talking about a fraction of the entire portfolio. And as Craig mentioned earlier, we do expect gross margins to be about flat in F12. But it's not flat for each of the businesses underneath that.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just a quick follow-up. You're switching to a brokerage sales model in some of your channels. Can you give a little more specifics about where you're making those switches? And maybe Denise, tell us how that's going so far?
Denise Morrison: Yes, we have shifted our retail coverage to a broker sales model. And in doing so, first of all, we already had a fairly large portion of our business in the broker sales model, so this is not a new relationship. And what we did was add it on the retail store coverage. Because what we found in our evaluation of our own direct retail force versus the broker is that they've made significant advances in technology, and the ability to cover many more stores at a lower cost with quality. And so we thought that this was a good time for us to advance that relationship, and we're very excited about the early days.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of follow-up questions. Just the guidance, Craig, I guess in terms of -- just to be clear, does not include any effect of foreign exchange on either the top line or the EPS line, is that right?
B. Owens: That's correct.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And that's because you're just not going to forecast it at this point or at least for us? Or because there's some EPS, or there is some FX benefit in the base year and -- I don't understand that.
B. Owens: Yes. I hate to get in the business of forecasting foreign exchange for obvious reasons. The planning assumption is that it should be approximately neutral to the current year.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just looking at it the way it helped last year, it might help the first half but be a drag in the second half, I guess that's a way of looking at it.
B. Owens: That's a reasonable -- yes, that's a reasonable assumption.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, and then just on the trade inventories, to the extent that they were -- it was a little bit of a drag in the fourth quarter, is it normal now? Is there anything unusual that we should be thinking about in terms of trade inventories in the first quarter or the first half?
B. Owens: The unusual activity is all in the prior year. That's true for this fourth quarter, it would be, to certain extent, true as we cycle the first half of next year. But I think Anthony made a good point earlier of the impact, as a percentage of total sales, is much more significant in the fourth quarter than it is in the heavier sales seasons in the first and second quarter.
Denise Morrison: In particular on U.S. Soup, and quarter 4 is the smallest quarter of the year.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, and then finally, I guess, Denise, at this point, is it fair to say that you've sold in -- and this is probably more specific to your soup and sauces business. But just you've gotten a new plan in terms of how you're approaching promotions and how you're approaching stimulating the consumer. And basically you've sold those pricing plans with some volume expectation attached to them into the trade, and so it's not so much going to be a matter -- we won't be surprised by what the trial of the trade reacts to it. Now it's just really a matter of how the consumer reacts to it, is that right?
Denise Morrison: That's correct. The sell-in of this new plan has gone well. And again, we continue to be competitive in the marketplace. But the consumer will ultimately be the decision-maker in the first half.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just when will we start to see more of the advertising or the -- I guess, the pull begin to show up in the marketplace? I'm assuming it'll be like now. Is that right?
Denise Morrison: Yes. The marketing actually will start a little bit later in the season to hit the high peak volume part of the season.
B. Owens: One of the reasons that you saw our marketing spend down so much in the fourth quarter is that we were cycling some fairly heavy out-of-season advertising last year. And our analysis would say that, that just didn't have very good payback. So while we're lifting marketing spend for 2012, we're also concentrating it more to the season.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So as we're watching and we're trying to make -- just kind of monitor progress, and again, I know it's very early. Early on in this season, you're going to have the effect of higher price, but not all of the marketing, the full effect of the marketing poll in the market yet. So it might like look worse before it gets better. Is that the right way to think about it?
Denise Morrison: I think it will build steam as the half unfolds.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: First question is just more strategic. I know you went over a lot of your international growth plans at your Analyst Day in July. But just in general, I was curious, we could see in the fourth quarter that sales or overall sales from your new global snacking business is obviously a higher percentage of your total company sales. And if we just think that, that category over the next 5 years should continue to outpace what we're seeing in soup, and the second pillar of your 3-category or your 3-tier growth process is international growth, could it be fair to assume that kind of over the longer term that growth internationally may assume some non-organic growth in global snacking? I mean, would you potentially look to enter new markets to find that growth that we've seen out of a number of other snacking businesses?
Denise Morrison: We've applied a lot of rigor to the international expansion plan. And as I said in July, we had identified some key markets. And there is a very tailored approach to those markets, depending upon what the market conditions are. But we feel with the broader described categories of simple meals, baked snacks and healthy beverages, we have a lot to work with in terms of faster-growing categories and faster-growing markets.
B. Owens: External development is clearly a tool. You've seen us use it in the China market and the joint venture with Swire, and I think we're prepared to use it in other markets. But the heart of the thing is the strategy and the targeting of markets and categories that we think offer good growth opportunity.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then just a quick follow-up. You commented earlier that over the longer term that you should see elasticity in soup start to normalize. And I'm just curious, is that also based on the assumption that overall soup consumption, at least in the U.S., should stabilize over the next year or 2?
Denise Morrison: Yes, that was the assumption, that it would be U.S.-based.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Just a quick one on productivity. Craig, if you could just update us on -- of the incremental productivity that you expect this coming fiscal year. I know a piece of it is obviously the $60 million from the restructuring, and then you've got the ongoing piece that's incremental as well. So you can just give us a sense of what that is, and then if you expect it to flow through in the year in any disproportionate way or fairly evenly.
B. Owens: Well, I guess I'll take it in 2 pieces. One is at cost of sales where, as you know, we've had a pretty long-established target of trying to offset roughly 3% of cost pressure. And while cost pressure's going to be somewhat higher than 3% this year, we still believe that we should be able to deliver at around that level. And that'll be driven by a pipeline of activity that we've got going in annual projects. But also, as we've talked about, our soup common platform work to simplify the soup-making process will contribute to that number also this year. Within expenses, the force reduction -- some of the force reduction, of course, is relevant to cost of sales. But the force reduction that we had, particularly the piece that was relevant to the administrative and headquarters expense, will be one of the factors as we are really beginning to try to pursue the same thinking in the management of expenses, i.e. in the planning period, can we offset about 3% of normalized inflation to the expense categories. And the negative headwind there would be the incentive cost and pension expense.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got you. Okay. And then just I was curious is if you think about the logic of last year when you put out some of those trade promotions, which as you mentioned were not particularly effective in driving volume, I mean one could argue there was not a lot of elasticity to the upside from some of the trade spend. Do you think the logic works the other way around or not? Meaning, now that you pulled back on some of the less effective trade, they wouldn't necessarily be negative to the downside.
Denise Morrison: We sure hope so, but we don't know. And so we've planned pretty realistically, and we will watch that dynamic very carefully.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Just make sure I understand the cost inflation guidance. So on Analyst Day, it was 3 to 3.50. And I think you gave a percentage number of 8% to 10% on today's call. Again, if I'm doing my math right, I think you're basically giving a little bit of an increase on the absolute dollar number of expected inflation. Do I have that correct?
B. Owens: So the 8% to 10% is input costs, materials and packaging. That's what we said in July and that's still about right. That gives us a total cost inflation expectation, before our enabler program, of around 6 to 8. And as I just said, I think we can offset around 3 of that. So our expectation for total inflation and cost of sales, same as it was at the time that we talked in July, 3% to 5%.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: That would then suggest to me, given the fact that we've seen crop prices rallying here since Analyst Day, that you have most of fiscal '12 covered. Is that a [indiscernible] statement?
B. Owens: Yes, I think the way to think about the crop price decline -- actually rallying for us, I guess, not rallying for the market. But anyway, the commodity price decline has helped us de-risk that forecast a little bit. We've had, at the time that we were talking, of course, we had some forward buying done. We've taken advantage of the decreases to do some more forward buying. We're not completely covered for the year, but we feel like we're getting closer to being more certain of those inflation projections.
Denise Morrison: From an input costs inflation perspective, we are expecting increases in flour, diesel, edible oils and dairy.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And I think, Craig, perhaps what I'm saying differently was that the softs have been up since then, but petroleum and diesel are down since then, so I understand your points.
Operator: Our last question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: I didn't know if you had disclosed earlier just how much foreign exchange contributed to your earnings EPS, both for the fourth quarter and for fiscal '11.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, for the quarter it was about $0.03. And for the year, it's $0.05.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one follow-up. I think I caught this at the beginning of the call, but the restating the quarters in terms of the new segments, we're going to have quarters for 2011 after you've reported -- when you report the first quarter? Is that ...
B. Owens: That's right. When we report the first quarter, we'll give you the full year of quarters for 2011.
Denise Morrison: Right.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, everyone, for your participation in our fourth quarter earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay of the call will be available beginning in approximately 2 hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Anthony Sanzio. He can be reached at (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts should contact me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. This concludes today's program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-05-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: B. Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Douglas Conant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Finance & Corporate Development Committee Denise Morrison - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second (sic) [Third] Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell Soup Company. It is our third quarter earnings call and webcast. With me here in Camden today are Doug Conant, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Denise Morrison, Chief Operating Officer; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, our Senior Vice President of Finance.  Doug will kick us off, and then Denise will provide her perspective on the quarter, followed by our financial performance and our outlook from Craig. Following their remarks, we'll take questions from analysts and investors.  As usual, we've created slides to accompany our presentation. You will find our slides posted on the website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the investment community. Media are listening to the call in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP measures as provided by SEC rules. In an appendix to the slides, we've provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. All of our slides and our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data can be found on our website. Last, we'd like to remind you that we are hosting our annual Analyst Day on Tuesday, July 12. At the event, Denise Morrison will share her strategic framework for the company with you. We'll also feature presentations by several other senior members of our leadership team. We'll end with Q&A and naturally feature many Campbell products, including several new products at our luncheon. We hope you'll join us either via webcast or better yet, live at World Headquarters in Camden, New Jersey.  And with that, I give you our President and CEO, Doug Conant.
Douglas Conant: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Jennifer. We reported today that sales and EBIT rose modestly, and earnings per share increased nicely in the third quarter. As you know, I'm stepping down as CEO of Campbell Soup Company at the end of July, which makes this my lucky 42nd earnings call while I've been a Campbell CEO, and it will be my last one with you. From my vantage point, Denise Morrison has her arms around the challenges in our U.S. Soup business, and her leadership team is coming together quite nicely. Things are shaping up for a richer conversation with you at our Analyst Day in July.  As I've said before, it's not about the quarters or months, it's about the years, and I don't say that just because we're in a seasonal business. As you know, while quarters are important, I believe it's over the years that shareholder value is created, one product, one customer and one consumer at a time. It's best done by simultaneously creating a winning environment in the workplace, leveraging your workplace success to create a winning financial profile in the marketplace over time, winning in the community by helping to build a better world and winning with integrity in everything you do. As I look back, while I'm sure we could have done better, I'm proud of all we've accomplished as a company in all of those fronts over the last 10 years. And I'm very excited about what will accomplish in the future under Denise's leadership.  Perhaps the importance of understanding long-term trends is why the food industry is intrinsically different at its core. In my opinion, the food industry is special in terms of the continuity of the players, the collaboration of the people and the long-term perspective which is often easy to lose sight of with the day-to-day vagaries of the market. I've always viewed our shareholder base and our analyst coverage as an asset to the company. So on this, my lucky 42nd call, let me thank you warmly and sincerely for your support, your candor, your insights and your friendship over the last decade.  With that, I'll turn it over to Denise.
Denise Morrison: Good morning. Thank you, Doug. It's been an amazing 10 years, and everyone at Campbell is proud of what we've accomplished under your leadership in the workplace, in the marketplace and in the community.  Now turning to the third quarter. As I reflect on our performance, I'm encouraged by our progress, but I want to be perfectly clear I'm not satisfied. We remain focused on creating long-term shareholder value by stabilizing sales and then driving profitable net sales growth. We still have more to do.  Let me share 5 key takeaways with you. First, we are executing a different second-half plan in U.S. Soup. Our new management team has set in motion the plans we described to you in the second quarter. We've sharpened our focus on profitable volume. This quarter, we began shifting our marketing investments to more brand-building initiatives, such as our portfolio advertising campaign. We've increased our soup advertising with GRPs up by double digits, and we're highlighting the positive benefits of soup.  We've also increased price realization. We've raised promoted prices and are in the process of implementing a list price increase in U.S. Soup to offset cost inflation, and we have innovations that are poised to ship in this summer. As I said, we're definitely not satisfied and clearly have more work ahead. Second, we are experiencing some softness in Beverages and Sauces. In Beverages, we're cycling a very strong quarter a year ago when sales rose 13%. In the third quarter of this year, we experienced increased competitive activity. That said, our year-to-date performance in Beverages still outpaced the shelf stable juice category, and our innovation pipeline is robust. Sauces also continue to face strong competitive activity. We have plans to address this and further differentiate our higher-margin sauce brands going forward. Third, our performance in Baking and Snacking and Foodservice is strong. We have powerful brands in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's that continued to perform well. We're shipping some great new products including Milano Melts, Goldfish sandwich thins and new varieties of Tim Tams. In North America Foodservice, overall industry trends are improving. We strengthened our sales effectiveness with our customers and improved our profitability.  Fourth, we're focused on cost management to offset inflation and help fund our growth. We continue to focus on reducing our indirect spending, SG&A and total delivered costs. Soup Common platform, our program to simplify how we make soup in the U.S., is progressing well. This program and others like it will help fund our future growth. Finally, I want you all to know that we will not rest until Campbell is growing net sales profitably. It's what I'm focused on every minute of every day. On the strategy front, our new leadership team is finalizing the plans that will position Campbell for future growth. We're looking forward to sharing those plans with you at our Analyst Day on July 12.  Now, I'll turn it over to Craig to take you through our financial results.
B. Owens: Thank you, Denise. Good morning. I'll spend a few minutes walking through the third quarter results and segment highlights, followed by our year-to-date results. I'll conclude by briefly discussing our full year guidance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $1.8 billion, up 1% versus the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, organic net sales declined by 2%. As planned, we reduced promotional spending in the third quarter compared to the first half, the volume impact of which has negatively impacted the sales performance of our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment. As Denise noted, we achieved good sales growth in our Baking and Snacking segment. EBIT increased by 1% in the quarter to $307 million, primarily driven by lower marketing and selling expenses, lower administrative expenses and favorable currency, partly offset by a decline in gross margin percentage and lower organic sales. EPS was $0.57 in the quarter, up 6% as compared with adjusted EPS in the third quarter of 2010. On Chart 11, you'll see the components of net sales as reported. The detail of organic sales does not add to the total due to rounding. Currency translation added 2 points of growth as the Australian dollar, Canadian dollar and euro have all strengthened. Our promotional spending was comparable to a year ago. You may recall that this was a negative factor for sales in the first half. And with our efforts to raise promoted price points in the quarter, it is no longer having a negative impact on our sales performance versus prior year. Due to cost inflation and higher plant costs net of productivity improvements in the quarter, our gross margin percentage declined from 41.2% to 40.4%, a decrease of 80 basis points. Marketing and selling expense declined from $252 million to $243 million this quarter, reflecting lower advertising and consumer promotion expenses and lower selling expenses benefiting from our cost-savings initiatives, partly offset by an increase due to currency. Advertising expense was higher for U.S. Soup and flat for the total company. As a result of lower incentive compensation costs, administrative expenses declined 5% to $148 million. As I noted earlier, EBIT gained 1% in the quarter. Below the line, interest expense fell by 11%, a decrease of $3 million as we've refinanced maturing long-term debt with significantly lower coupons.  The tax rate increased 1.4 points to 34.3%, reflecting taxes associated with a higher level of cash repatriations compared to prior year. With lower interest costs offsetting the impact of a higher tax rate, net earnings, similar to EBIT, increased 1% in the quarter.  Average shares outstanding decreased 6% in the quarter due to the continued impact of our strategic share repurchase program. As a result, the 1% increase in net earnings yielded a 6% increase in earnings per share. In our segment results for the quarter, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales declined 8%, reflecting lower sales across the portfolio. U.S. Soup sales fell 7%. Sales volumes were negatively impacted as we increased promoted price points to strengthen margins. Sales, particularly of RTS soups, were also negatively impacted by movements in customer inventories. Sales of both Prego and Pace were below year-ago levels. Private label distribution gains in the Mexican sauce category continued to have a negative impact on Pace sales. U.S. Beverage sales declined 9% compared to a very strong year-ago period in which, as Denise pointed out, sales grew by 13%. Reduced advertising and increased competitive activity negatively impacted the business. Sales of both V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion declined while sales of V8 Splash increased.  Operating earnings declined 10% to $193 million this quarter from $214 million a year ago. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to lower sales volume, cost inflation and higher plant costs, partly offset by productivity improvements and lower selling and marketing expenses. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter declined by 7%. Condensed soup sales were down 2%, as softness in eating varieties was partly offset by strength in cooking varieties, which performed well through the recent holiday season. Sales of ready-to-serve soups declined 15% while broth decreased 2%.  In Baking and Snacking, organic sales increased 5%, reflecting gains in Pepperidge Farm and at Arnott's, where we achieved significant volume growth. In Pepperidge Farm, sales increased due to gains in Goldfish snack crackers, Milano cookies, whole grain and swirl breads and frozen products, which benefited from the launch of Artisan Stone Baked rolls. Sales of Arnott's increased due to gains in savory crackers led by Shapes, Cruskits and Vita-Weat, as well as growth in Tim Tam chocolate biscuits and in Tiny Teddy sweet varieties. Earnings increased 8% due to the impact of currency and solid earnings growth at Pepperidge Farm.  Organic sales in our International Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment increased 1% as sales growth in the Asia Pacific region, primarily Australia, was partly offset by lower sales in Canada, which were negatively impacted by higher promotional spending. Operating earnings increased 11% in the quarter, primarily due to the impact of currency and gains in the Asia Pacific region, partly offset by declines in Canada. In our North America Foodservice segment, organic sales increased by 4%, reflecting volume gains in refrigerated soup and the overall improvement in the U.S. foodservice sector. Earnings in the quarter increased $13 million, driven by lower administrative and selling expenses, reflective of our cost-reduction efforts, lower promotional spending and productivity savings. Looking at our first 9 months result on Slide 19, reported net sales were 1% lower. Organic net sales were down 2%, driven by promotional discounting primarily in the first half in our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment. EBIT of $1.1 billion was down 5% versus a year ago, primarily due to the decline in gross margin percentage and lower organic sales, partly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses and the favorable impact of currency. EPS declined by 1% to $2.11. For perspective, it's important to note that we're lapping a very strong 9 months a year ago in which adjusted EPS increased by 13%. For the first 9 months of the year, our reported net sales declined 1%. As you can see on Chart 20, our increased promotional spending drove a 2-point decline in sales accounting for the overall decline in organic sales, as volume mix and pricing were comparable to a year ago. The 2-point decline in organic sales was partly offset by a one-point gain from currency translation as the U.S. dollar has weakened. Our gross margin percentage for the 9 months declined from 41.2% to 40.3% year-to-date. The 90 basis point decrease was primarily due to cost inflation and higher plant costs and increased promotional spending, partly offset by productivity improvements and favorable mix. While we have benefited from our procurement contracts and commodity hedges, we are beginning to see higher rates of inflation, particularly in grain-based commodities, packaging and other ingredients. We've taken pricing actions in our Baking and Snacking businesses, and we have announced a list price increase in the U.S. Soup effective June 17.  Marketing and selling expenses decreased from $837 million to $811 million, primarily due to lower selling expense. We continue to benefit from our cost-savings initiatives implemented at the beginning of the fiscal year.  Administrative expenses increased from $438 million in the first 9 months of 2010 to $442 million this year. This increase was primarily due to the higher benefit costs, including pensions and health care, also information systems-related expenses, costs associated with our new headquarters facility and an increase due to currency, partly offset by lower compensation expense.  Below the operating line, net interest expense increased 6% or $5 million to $85 million, driven by a higher percentage of long-term debt in the portfolio. The tax rate at 31.3% was down 20 points as compared to the prior year period. For the first 9 months, net earnings declined 6% and benefited from a 4% reduction in diluted shares outstanding. Thus, EPS declined 1% to $2.11.  In segment results for the first 9 months, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales declined 5%, reflecting a 5% decline in U.S. Soup sales and lower sales of Sauces. Within Soup, condensed sales declined 3%, reflecting weakness in our condensed eating varieties. Sales of ready-to-serve soups declined by 10% and broth sales increased 1%. Beverage sales were comparable to a year ago, as increases in V8 Splash and V8 V-Fusion were offset by lower sales of V8 vegetable juice.  Sauce sales declined for the first 9 months, reflecting lower sales in Pace Mexican sauce and Prego pasta sauces. Both have been negatively impacted by increased competitive activity. Operating earnings declined 12% to $708 million. The decrease in operating earnings was primarily due to increased promotional spending, cost inflation and lower sales volume, partly offset by productivity savings.  Category performance in the United States during the latest 52 weeks, based on IRI panel data and Campbell internal estimates, are shown on Slide 24. The overall category declined in dollars by 3% in the past 52 weeks. Our Soup sales in dollars declined 4.9%, underperforming the category. Heavy promotional activity did not generate the expected volume lifts. All other branded players in private label were relatively flat, showing growth of 0.3% each. While it's not shown in the chart, total volume in the Soup category was essentially steady with the prior year. Campbell dollar share in wet soup for the past 52 weeks was 62.6 -- sorry, 62.2%, down 120 basis points. Similar to the last quarter, the decline in our dollar share came from ready-to-serve soup. Of our share decline, 2/3 went to other branded players while 1/3 went to private label.  For the first 9 months of 2011, Baking and Snacking organic sales increased 4%, as both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's achieved volume gains. Earnings increased 6%, primarily due to the impact of currency and volume-driven growth at Pepperidge Farm, partly offset by lower earnings at Arnott's and local currency. We continue to be pleased with the results for our Baking and Snacking business, which has benefited from high levels of innovation and compelling advertising.  Organic sales in our International Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment decreased 1%, primarily due to declines in Canada, reflecting higher promotional spending and in Latin America, partly offset by gains in the Asia Pacific region. The sales increase in Asia Pacific was primarily due to volume-driven gains in Australia.  Segment operating earnings increased 4%, primarily due to favorable currency and gains in Asia Pacific. Organic sales of North American Foodservice declined 1% while earnings increased 27%. The increase in earnings was primarily driven by productivity improvements in excess of cost inflation and lower administrative and selling expenses. Cash flow from operations of $858 million was comparable to the prior year performance. Within cash flow, the impact of lower pension contributions in the current year was offset by higher working capital requirements. Capital expenditures of $133 million were down from $177 million a year ago. For the year, we continue to forecast capital spending of approximately $275 million.  In the first 9 months, we repurchased 20 million shares at a total cost of $696 million under our strategic share repurchase program authorized in June 2008 and our ongoing practice of buying back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans.  Net debt was $2.7 billion, an increase of $249 million. As you saw in our news release this morning, we project that we will be at the favorable end of our range of our full year guidance for sales, EBIT and EPS. Our guidance for fiscal 2011 includes a change in sales of between plus 1% and minus 1%, adjusted EBIT to decline 3% to 5% and EPS to decline between 1% and 3% from an adjusted base of $2.47 in 2010. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: At this time, we'll conduct the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Mary, can you start the queue?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just had a question for you, Denise, in relation to the Soup category, with promotion. You're pulling back on promotion in the category and your advertising was up, as you mentioned, in GRPs. And of course, the volume is still a little weak. Is there still time for this advertising campaign to take effect? And has the reduction in promotion kind of gone as you expected, or was there a little more negative volume response to that reduction in promotion?
Denise Morrison: Chris, we continue to be encouraged by the advertising, and of course, that is a longer-term build. What we're experiencing at this point is the cycling of the heavy promotion discounting that we started this time or this quarter last year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, and then can you just maybe also give a little color on the inventory adjustments in ready-to-serve? Was that unique to this quarter as of the comparison to the prior year? Or is it more about what happened within this quarter?
Denise Morrison: Typically in this quarter, at the close of soup season, the inventory has followed its normal pattern this year. However, we're cycling the quarter last year where, when we launched our heavy promotion discounting, retailers actually increased their inventories to support that. And so this quarter, we are seeing consumption and shipments differences.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So you had normal levels of inventory today, or has that kind of worked through?
Denise Morrison: Yes.
B. Owens: This year's pattern would have been more normal. It was last year's pattern that was the aberration.
Denise Morrison: Correct.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I just ask how your thinking's evolved about the weakness in the Soup category over the last couple of years? I think about a year ago, we were talking about price-based competition from other simple meals. With your planned increase in list prices, are you now thinking that the category has moved on and the consumer has moved on from that?
Denise Morrison: Alexia, the soup category is being shopped differently than in former years. We definitely have evidence that stock-up trips are down. However, soup continues to be one of the most pervasive food items in the consumer's basket. We just saw a recent report from IRI which talked about the number -- the top categories that build store traffic, and soup is definitely in those top categories. We've also not seen a difference in the amount of inventory of soup in a consumer's pantry, but the way they're shopping it is differently and we're navigating that. But we believe going forward the right thing to do here is to focus on brand-building and increasing usage of the product, and that's what our marketing plans are designed to do going forward.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: It might be a little early to ask this question, but I wanted to know about the strategic plans for growth internationally. Some people I speak to were a little concerned that you might adopt a pretty aggressive acquisition strategy. Can you talk a little bit about how you're viewing international? And is this kind of -- if you are making acquisitions, is it more of a tack-on approach as opposed to needing to do something bigger?
Denise Morrison: Rob, we're looking at all of the key trends, as I had mentioned at CAGNY. And obviously, the growth in international is an important trend to be addressed in the food industry, and we hope to give more color on our plans going forward in July.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: All right. So it is too early to ask. Another long-term question, you mentioned private label growth in salsa, also private label growth in soup. Would you ever consider making an acquisition in the private label space?
Denise Morrison: At this point, we see ourselves as a branded company and have no plans to expand private label. That said, in a few instances, we already are making private label for some of our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Denise, if you look at the data, it seems to show every time you guys raise prices above General Mills, your market share gap widens out with them. So my question is this, have you received any indication that Mills is going to follow? Have you received any indication from retailers at this point that maybe Mills is going to garner some more shelf space as we go into the fall?
Denise Morrison: Terry, we really don't comment on other manufacturers' pricing. I can tell you though that we have been in the marketplace discussing our increase with retailers, and they have been very supportive. We intend to market these brands with increased advertising and more innovation. And so therefore, we have to cover our cost of inflation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Let me circle back to Denise, your last comment there about supporting the category with increased advertising. I think you guys started talking about that the fourth quarter coming into this year. And Denise, you mentioned that GRPs are up in soup. I'm trying to square that with the decline in marketing, selling and consumer promotion expenses as a percentage of sales. In the measured media data that we see, it looks like it's not the most recent but through February, measured media spend in the U.S. for Campbell is down around 11%. How do I square that? And do you guys feel that you're at the right threshold level, that this is sustainable? Or do we need to see an increase to generate demand?
Denise Morrison: There's a couple of things going on underneath those numbers. First of all, our working advertising in the quarter for U.S. Soup was up 11% and our GRPs were up double digits. And so we made a conscious effort to make sure as we increase our price realization on soup, that we couple that with an increase in brand building, which again is longer term. And we are seeing encouraging signs from our advertising campaign which emphasizes the positive benefits of soup, which we think is very important right now. We have been very conscious about working on our costs for indirect spending. And we literally, this year, have gone after our indirect spending in media and advertising costs with a vengeance and have realized a great deal of efficiency from that effort. So you're seeing some of that reflected as well.
B. Owens: You're also seeing somewhat lower expenses on the consumer piece of advertising, as we've had some sampling programs same time last year.
Denise Morrison: Right. We have had lower advertising in the quarter on beverages. However year-to-date, our beverage advertising is up 10%, and it will be about even with last year by year end.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. And one follow-up, if I may. Craig, you mentioned in the comments about mix being a benefit for gross margin year-to-date. And that surprised me given the soup trends, because I always deemed that to be one of the highest gross margin pricing of portfolio. Where's the mix benefit coming from?
B. Owens: I think probably within soup we're seeing some mix benefit, as condensed is outperforming ready-to-serve. I think that's probably the primarily piece of that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'll pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: [Operator Instructions].
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I was just hoping you could maybe give us a little bit of a feel for the magnitude of the price increases that are coming. And also whether you expect that promotional spending will decline as a percent of sales as those price increases are put through.
Denise Morrison: Well, we're not going to comment on the amount of price increase that we're taking. The details have been announced to our customers. But suffice it to say that we expect that, that will cover our cost inflation and so far, that has gone very smoothly.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's cost inflation net of productivity?
B. Owens: Yes, the formula is that we look for our productivity savings and price increase to cover our inflation.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Denise, I wanted to ask you about the use. You mentioned usage of soup is down. I wanted to know how confident you are about your findings about usage because you haven't really shared that much. And then if you just look at the performance of the soup category and your soup sales over the last year and your comments that you weren't happy with them, I mean, I wanted to know what about your findings about the soup category and your response to it has been subpar.
Denise Morrison: Just for clarification, all indications we have seen is that the pantry stock and the absolute levels of soup inventory in the consumer's home is about flat. Where we have seen a change is the stock-up behavior. So the way they're shopping is fundamentally different, and that has affected the pattern of our shipments. So I wanted to make sure that was clarified. We believe though that with the altered behavior of consumers not stocking up is understandable because their household budgets have been challenged by increased fuel prices, et cetera that for us, it's healthier and it's more important for us to focus on driving the usage of both the category and our brands with a dominant share so that we increase our business that way. And that's going to require a different marketing technique, such as more advertising and more brand-building activities and more innovation.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So in terms of your response to these findings, I mean, what about your response has been below your satisfaction levels? Because clearly, soup category and yourselves have not performed the way you would have liked.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I attribute that dissatisfaction to the fact that the first half, we engaged in the intense promotional spending and did not see the lifts because of the consumer's shopping behavior. Therefore, we're re-purposing our efforts towards more brand building, and I won't rest until that gains traction.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Perfect. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Feeney from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I wanted to follow up specifically on one question that's about marketing and advertising. I mean, if you look over, just this quarter, a trend has continued, I think, that's been in place for the past few years and sort of reduced more efficient, however you want to look at it, marketing and selling expenses against a flattish top line. Two parts to the question. First, do you think the decline, and I'm talking over the past 3 or 4 years in relative marketing and selling costs, has been a cause of the problems in the soup category, given your huge share and how you have to make it compete with the other categories? And secondly, what metrics do you sort of look at, would you say, trade-off? I mean, do you measure these things over the ROI on advertising in the course of a year, longer or a longer-term timeframe when you consider the ROI on current marketing investment?
Denise Morrison: I'll take the last part of this first. We do measure ROI with a lot of discipline on our advertising. And quite frankly, there has been a lot of new avenues to advertise with the advent of the digital age. We are very disciplined about measuring ROI and quite frankly, have made some spending changes even recently to go out of lower-ROI advertising vehicles and into our higher-ROI vehicles. So that is well under way. I think we had 2 things that challenged our sales over the past couple of years. Number one is we spent more time and resources on renovation as opposed to innovation. We are, of course, correcting on that front. We do believe that our sodium reduction efforts were important, so that we can start to talk about the positive benefits of the category. But we now have sufficient scale out there that we can repurpose our resources to other types of innovation, and we are doing so. And then finally, I think that the proportion of dollars we spent on promotion discounting was not in the right proportion to the amount of dollars we need to spend on advertising, and so we're correcting that as well.
Douglas Conant: Jon, this is Doug Conant. I can't help myself here. I'm really biting my lip. I'm chomping to get in the action here. Denise has made all the right points. The way we also view our spending in terms of total marketing, not just advertising and consumer, and total marketing spending is very healthy. As Denise indicated, we got out of balance by leaning too much into trade and discounting. We're repurposing that money over time but quite frankly, in terms of total marketing, our brands have never been more fully supported. So the challenge for us is to get it balanced properly. That's what Denise and her team are in the midst of doing. But the good news is, they have resources to work with here. And so I think this is a manageable proposition, not easy, but manageable.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. It's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just I guess a follow-up on the discussion about the change in stock-up behavior. I clearly understand that Soup is a category where there has been a lot -- where it's been traditionally a lot of volume has been sold on promotion. But I guess what we've heard from some of your peers and also from retailers is it's more general, it's a issue that's affecting consumption in general, maybe not just specifically the Soup category. So I guess my question is twofold. One, is soup more affected by this change in stock-up behavior than maybe some other categories? And then second, as you're addressing that issue and I'm sure talking to your customers, is there something more broadly that you're discussing in terms of addressing that issue that's really beyond just specific to the soup category?
Denise Morrison: I believe that soup has been impacted by the changes in stocking behavior, based on the fact that we are in over 85% of households with multiple cans in the pantry. And what we're talking to our customers about are some new innovations that we'll be shipping in the fourth quarter and beyond that we believe will bring news to the category and increase the usage.
B. Owens: But Bryan, I think your first point's exactly right. The data would say that stock-up trips broadly are down. So they're impacting us, and because we tend to be a stock-up item, they're impacting us significantly. But they are impacting lots of other categories, and it's even reflected through in the results of different channels, the way the different channels react to stock-up behavior.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was going to say, I guess what I would ask is just are we at a point where your customers believe that the change in stock-up behavior is still a cyclical thing? It's a reaction to higher gas prices and the economy? Or is it a more fundamental shift that we can expect that to happen?
Denise Morrison: We don't know how permanent it is. But we've got to operate our business given the fact that that's the reality we're in right now. And we've got 64% of people living paycheck to paycheck, and 1 out of 6 on some form of assistance. That's a large population. So I believe that we need to continue to take that into consideration.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And would it be correct for me, if I heard this right, you feel like for soup at least, you have inventories at home at correct levels? Like there's this re-basing or destocking at home has probably happened, so you shift the consumption that at least you ought to be able to grow with consumption.
Denise Morrison: We believe with the brand building, we will.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's great.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: A couple of questions here. Just some details and I know I'm violating the rule, but what was the list price increase in soup RTS, condensed and broth?
B. Owens: That's okay, we won't answer that one, so that one doesn't count.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: All right. Well let's tick them off fast, then. The question was it kind of goes back to what both Doug and Denise have been commenting on. Advertising and consumer promotion expenses in F '10 were down 3%. In F '09, they were down 2%. For this year, what's the number going to be? Is it positive, negative, flat? I don't think you said it on the call.
B. Owens: We're looking at how we can be helpful with that, and we don't provide guidance for the year on spending. But I think we can give you a directional perspective, 4% for the quarter, we'll look up the year-to-date. So go to the next question, we'll come back to you. Give us one we can answer.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Great, great. Well hopefully this is the right one. You've got a nice Soup business in Australia. That business used to be #2. It's now the #1 business there. What I struggle with is understanding why that business has performed so much different than the U.S. Soup business, and perhaps there's another way for us on the outside to understand what's happened. Can you contrast the 2 different markets and explain why Campbell's has done so well on a relative basis in Australian Soup versus U.S. Soup?
Denise Morrison: Yes, as a matter of fact, I just came back from a trip to Australia and had the privilege of seeing that team's plans. They're at a different stage of development in the market than we are in the United States. But that said, I do think they have a great balance of advertising and innovation and out there at the right price value for the consumer, and they've just done a great job.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Is their advertise significantly higher on a percentage basis than in the United States?
Denise Morrison: No.
Douglas Conant: Not that I think of David.
B. Owens: David, on marketing and selling, we're now 4% for the quarter, 3% year-to-date.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Good. I appreciate that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler from Credit Agricole Securities.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wanted to ask on the incentive comp, down pretty big in the third quarter. I think if I remember the first quarter, it was up little bit. Could you comment on your expectations for the full year? I'm really trying to think about what's the comp for next year, if your plan works as you think it will, Denise. When you reinstate that plan, what would the comparison be with this year?
B. Owens: So Diane, you're seeing an adjustment, year-to-date adjustment in the quarter, right? So it's distorting the quarter a little bit. For the full year, we would expect it to be about $0.04 favorable impact to this year. And if you connect it to your other question, that will be $0.04 that we'll have to cycle next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Denise, I have one question but it has 14 parts. Is that okay?
Denise Morrison: That's very innovative, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, it's tough in the food industry being innovative, but we try. Okay, I guess the question is just this, it sounds like, Denise, that you're trying to maybe have a little bit more effective like co-promotion. I mean, Smucker does a great job with their portfolio seemingly linking the brands. But I think to your point, a lot of the brands across the Campbell's portfolio are well known. But it just seems that for whatever reason, the company hasn't been able to, let's say, link so effectively the Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish with, I don't know, tomato soup or what have you. So it is that kind of one kind of lever that you hope to pull? And I just have a quick follow-up.
Denise Morrison: We've had some co-promotions with Pepperidge Farm around holiday, for example, where we actually do a great job in terms of getting a complete solution out to the consumer. We've also had some co-promotions with Chunky, as Chunky soup for pour overs with different retailers or other branded rice or pasta. I do think we can do more of that because when we have done it, we've yielded really good results. And so you can count on the fact that we will be doing more of that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then I asked this question maybe last call. And as I kind of dug a little deeper in terms of the industry, it just seems to me that like this fixed cost absorption off of the tomato processing platform, if Beverages and Sauces are down, and even Soup is obviously down as well, at what point is it kind of a fixed-cost absorption or a capacity utilization issue? Because obviously tomato has to be one of your biggest raw materials, and you've just effectively used that historically and converted what would be kind of waste into extremely high-margin business. So why shouldn't I worry about this more?
Douglas Conant: Well, Eric, I mean, your point's right. As volumes drop, and particularly as they drop across the whole portfolio and in the primary North American manufacturing estate, it does put pressure on us. But the good news is that we've been doing an awful lot of work at the same time in improving productivity and improving our enabler program, some of which you're not seeing the full benefit of because it's offsetting the absorption pressure in the other direction. We've talked some before about our soup common platform project, which is directed at simplification and later stage differentiation that will ultimately take manufacturing costs out of the plant. It will actually take capital costs out of the plant over time, and it will diminish the impact a little bit. But it won't make it go away. I mean, as volumes go down, it does create an absorption issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a few quick, easy questions. One, I guess is just focused on the buyback. Obviously, you continued to buy back shares in Q3. So for your full year guidance, is there buyback -- is your buyback activity that's baked into your Q4 to get to your EPS for the year?
B. Owens: Robert, we don't normally give guidance on a buyback. But the reality is that we've got a program that runs out at the end of the fiscal year, and there's a very little bit of authorization left. So I'll just leave you with those 2 facts.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, cool. I appreciate it. I mean, I just ask again because I think I asked the same question at Q2 and I got the same answer, and obviously it drove a significant part of Q3. And then the other question is just I think you stated before that your expectation for fiscal year '12 cost inflation was 3-plus percent on the ingredient side. Does that still hold, or has it gone up little bit?
Denise Morrison: We just said that it was higher than this year. We haven't given...
B. Owens: We haven't given any guidance for '12 yet.
B. Owens: Okay, perfect. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to ask, are you seeing any variation in soup performance, either across different the retail channels? Or maybe another way to think about would be in different geographies? Are there any sort of interesting variances there that might be helpful? Then Craig, if I could just ask you if 31% for a tax rate for the fourth quarter sounds about right, that would be great.
Denise Morrison: Well, I think that there is definitely multiple-channel shopping going on. And as I said before, the stock-up trips are generally down across channels, and we're seeing increases in fill in. And we're seeing shopping increase in the first couple of weeks of a month based on when people get paid, but I haven't seen any differences per se across channels. There have been some movement to, although this has been like this for a while, to some of the discount channels.
B. Owens: On the tax question, I think you should assume that this year's rate will be pretty close to last year's rate.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So closer to 29% from last year.
B. Owens: That was full year idea. Fourth quarter's a little higher than 29%, probably closer to your 32%.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess the follow-up to Eric Katzman's question is if volume declines are becoming more of an issue, Craig, and it sounds like they might be, does that necessitate the need for something to really spike volume in the short term? Can you afford to keep kind of taking this what I think is actually a more rational approach of raising price and then hoping that volume stays stable?
Denise Morrison: I'll take that one. What we're doing here in our course correcting is we're going after profitable volume. And so therefore, the marketing programs we're putting out are designed to increase usage which will increase volume, but it will be profitable volume.
B. Owens: So yes, the way I think about it is that we do have an adjustment and you see us going through that adjustment. And actually the cost dynamics are not so bad as I said, because the efforts on cost savings have been more or less offsetting the absorption issue. But make no mistake, the long-term goal is to get back into volume growth.
Douglas Conant: And the good news is, we're going to be lapping a period where we were more challenged there.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Right. So you don't see the need. You can keep to this rational strategy in the short term, and it's not going to require some kind of a rebound in volume to make your numbers?
Denise Morrison: No.
B. Owens: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Denise, I'm just curious, going into the meeting in July, obviously our sense of expectations are very high just in terms of kind of getting a lot more of the answers, if you will, going forward and a lot more of the specifics around earnings goals, margin targets, specific sort of innovations and things. I guess I'm just trying to get myself set around what sort of expectations are reasonable to have in terms of how many of the answers are we likely to hear about? And sort of what level of specificity would be helpful?
Denise Morrison: Andrew, we've been working on our strategy for several months now and it's pretty comprehensive, and we intend to be pretty transparent about it. We're very excited about the possibilities for this company and anxious to share as much of the specifics as we can at this point.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then as you shift, as you said, more going forward from renovation to innovation, I guess, do you feel -- as you've gone through that work over the last couple of months, how shackled does the organization feel or not, maybe by sort of a current plan configuration, how unbelievably efficient you are in the manufacturing of soup and the way you do it, are there things there that are just maybe too onerous to ultimately shift a little bit if you need to change the direction of where you need to go for the consumer in soup?
Denise Morrison: Actually, our organization has really rallied and is pretty energized by some of the things that are coming along. Every business is going to need a certain amount of renovation to bring news to the base, so there's still some intensity there. But I think that I've seen people with a spring in their step around here as we reignite our creativity.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay, so with that, we are going to end our Q&A session. Our hour is upon us. Thank you, everyone, for your participation on our third quarter earnings webcast. As a reminder, the replay will be available beginning in approximately 2 hours. If you're a reporter and have questions, please call my colleague, Anthony Sanzio. His number is (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. This concludes today's program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: B. Owens - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jennifer Driscoll - Vice President of Investor Relations Douglas Conant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Finance & Corporate Development Committee Denise Morrison - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Priya Ohri-Gupta - Lehman Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Adam Josephson - KeyBanc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Campbell Soup Company's second quarter earnings webcast. With me here in New Jersey today are Doug Conant, our President and CEO; Denise Morrison, our Chief Operating Officer; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance. Doug and Craig today will provide the perspective on the performance for the quarter as well as our expectations for the full fiscal year of 2011. Following their remarks, all of us will take questions from analysts and investors. As usual we've created slides to accompany our presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today, Slide 3, include certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks. Please refer to that slide in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. I'd like to remind you as well that our presentation contains certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. In an appendix to our slides, we've provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. The slides as well our earnings release and selected quarterly financial data can be found on our website. Last, we'd like to remind you that we're hosting a presentation and luncheon featuring Campbell products at the Consumer Analyst Group of New York event next week. Our presentation begins promptly at 10:30, Eastern Standard Time, on Wednesday, February 23. We hope you will join us either via webcast or better yet live in Boca Raton.  And with that, I give you our President and CEO, Doug Conant.
Douglas Conant: Good morning. This morning we reported earnings per share of $0.71, a 4% decline. For the first half, we delivered earnings per share of $1.53, a 5% decline. Sales declined 1% for the quarter and the first half. Our results for the first half, combined with a more muted outlook for the balance of the year, gave rise to the change in annual guidance that we provided in this morning's news release. Today, I'll be focusing my remarks on our largest segment, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages. That having been said, as Craig will highlight later, I would point out that year-to-date, our other three segments all reported operating income growth. In the second quarter, similar to the first, we continued to protect our U.S. Soup consumer base by maintaining a strong advertising and promotional profile in the face of a very challenging environment. As a result, in measured retail channels, wet soup consumer takeaway volume growth rose meaningfully, outpacing the average gains in other Simple Meals during the period. However, also similar to the first quarter, our increased promotions in the second quarter were costly as we strive to maintain our competitive profile and honored our customer commitments. This promotional spending pressured our gross margin rate, again similar to the first quarter, and negatively impacted our EBIT performance. Before I turn to the second half outlook, let me comment briefly on our Sauces brands, Prego Pasta Sauce and Pace Mexican sauce. Prego and Pace are large, profitable brands for us. For many years, they have been profitable growth engines as well. More recently, private label and value brands have made inroads in Sauces. As a result, our Sauces performance in the second quarter was highly pressured. We expect intense competitive pressures in U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages to remain in the back half of this fiscal year. This challenging environment for the balance of the year gave rise to the change in our annual guidance that we announced this morning. That having been said, we currently expect improved sales, EBIT and EPS performance in the second half of our year. Later in our presentation, Craig will elaborate a bit more fully on our plans to improve profitability, including increasing price realization and expanding our margins in preparation for higher inflation in fiscal 2012. So I won't go into that now.  Let me just make a broad observation about what we're focusing on at Campbell. As other food companies have noted, the overall environment remains challenging particularly in the U.S. We continue to believe that the key to success is innovation with the right price value proposition supported by effective consumer marketing. Delivering that combination with all our brands in a consistent way is the focus of our action planning going forward. Denise and I are committed to working together to advance these plans in order to deliver consistent top and bottom line growth, as we have done in the past. We look forward to advancing our thinking further and during the Q&A and at the upcoming CAGNY conference.  With that, I'll pass it along to Craig Owens.
B. Owens: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. I'll spend a few minutes walking through the second quarter results and the segment highlights followed by our year-to-date results, and I'll conclude by addressing our revised full year earnings guidance, which is provided in our news release this morning. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $2.127 billion down 1% versus the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, organic net sales decreased by 2%. As anticipated, we maintained a high level of promotional spending through the second quarter, which has negatively impacted the sales performance of our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment. As Doug noted, we achieved good sales growth in our Baking and Snacking segment. Primarily as a result of the margin impact of higher promotional spending, EBIT declined by 8% in the quarter to $359 million. EPS was $0.71 in the quarter, down 4% as compared with the second quarter of 2010.  Our reported net sales decline of 1% was composed of a two point decline in organic sales, partly offset by a one point gain from currency translation, as both the Australian and Canadian dollars have strengthened. As you can see from Chart 9, our increased promotional spending drove a two point decline in sales accounting for the overall decline in organic sales, as volume mix and pricing were comparable to a year ago. Due to the elevated promotional spending in the quarter, our gross margin percentage declined from 40.5% to 39.4%, a decrease of 110 basis points. Marketing and selling expenses declined from $301 million to $291 million this quarter, reflecting reduced levels of advertising and lower selling expenses. The latter is due to cost savings initiatives. Advertising expense in U.S. Soup and Sauces declined, partially offset by increases in beverages and Pepperidge Farm. Administrative expenses increased 3% to $154 million. As I noted earlier, EBIT declined by 8% in the quarter. Below the line, net interest expense rose 19%, an increase of $5 million driven by the higher mix of fixed rate debt in the portfolio following the $400 million long-term debt issuance that we did in last July.  The tax rate declined 1.9 points to 27.1% due to lower taxes on foreign earnings. With the lower tax rate offsetting the impact of higher interest costs, net earnings, similar to EBIT, declined by 8% in the quarter. Average shares outstanding decreased 3% in the quarter as we continue to execute our strategic share repurchase program. As a result, the 8% decline in net earnings yielded only a 4% decline in our earnings per share. In our segment results for the quarter, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales declined by 4%. This change reflected lower U.S. Soup sales attributable to the overall increase in promotional spending and a sales decline in Sauces in the face of stepped-up competitive activity. Sales of both Prego and Pace were below year-ago levels. Private label gains in the Mexican sauce category have had a negative impact on our Pace sales.  Sales in U.S. beverages were down slightly, falling 1% for the quarter. Sales of V8 Vegetable Juices declined, while sales of both V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash increased. Operating earnings declined 15% to $220 million this quarter from $259 million a year ago. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter declined 4%. We experienced declines in both condensed and Ready to Serve soup, down 7% and 4%, respectively. Broth continue to perform well with sales increasing 7%, reflecting another successful holiday period. U.S. Soup sales were negatively impacted by our increased promotional spending and also by movements in customer inventories.  While our sales were down, I should point out that we achieved strong externally measured consumer takeaway volume in the second quarter, a significant improvement in marketplace performance from the first quarter. Additionally, our market research would indicate that our new portfolio advertising campaign is effective and that consumers report a positive impact. Looking ahead, we'll begin to shift our marketing mix from trade to brand-building activities, including this advertising and additional consumer spending. This shift is designed to improve our price realization while building our brand equity. We recognize that the shift will negatively impact volumes in the short term, but we feel it is the right move toward improved category health.  In Baking and Snacking, organic sales increased 5%, reflecting volume driven gains in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's. At Pepperidge Farm, sales increased due to gains in Goldfish and Baked Naturals snack crackers, Milanos and Homestyle cookies, stuffing and the successful expansion of the Deli Flats line. Arnott's in Australia posted stronger sales due to gains in savory crackers led by Vita-Weat and Shapes, as well as growth in Tim Tam chocolate biscuits, partly offset by a decline in other sweet varieties. Earnings increased 11% in Baking and Snacking due to the volume-driven growth in Pepperidge Farm. Organic sales in our International Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment decreased by 3%, reflecting lower net pricing as we increased spending levels to maintain volumes. The organic sales decline reflects lower sales in Latin America, Canada and Europe. Operating earnings decreased 7% in the quarter, primarily due to declines in Europe and Canada.  While we're seeing improvement at some parts of our Foodservice business, most notably the refrigerated soup sold in retail grocery perimeter, our overall sales declined by 2% in the segment in the quarter. Earnings in the quarter increased $4 million or 24%, driven by favorable foreign currency transaction rates and the benefit of our cost reduction efforts. Let me turn now to our first half results on Slide 17. Reported net sales decreased 1%. Organic net sales were down 2%, driven by promotional discounting in U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages. EBIT of $803 million was down 8% versus a year ago, primarily due to increased promotional spending and costs inflation, partially offset by productivity gains and favorable mix. EPS declined 5% to $1.53. For perspective, it's important to note that we're lapping a very strong first half from a year ago in which EPS increased by 14%.  For the first half of the year, our reported net sales declined 1% and similar to the second quarter, reflected a decline of two points attributable to the impact of increased promotional spending, partly offset by a one point increase due to currency translation. The organic net sales decline was due entirely to the increased promotional spending. Gross margin percentage decreased from 41.2% to 40.3% for the half. This 90 basis point decrease was primarily due to increased promotional spending and cost inflation, partly offset by productivity improvements and favorable mix. To date, inflation in ingredients, packaging and energy items has been very modest, and we benefited from our procurement contracts and commodity hedges. Looking ahead, we anticipate increased inflation primarily in the areas of grains, oils, sweeteners and steel cans. As a result, our Baking and Snacking business has taken pricing action already. And as I mentioned, we anticipate improved price realization in U.S. Soup in the second half of this year.  Our marketing and selling expenses decreased from $585 million to $568 million, reflecting lower selling expenses. We've reorganized our U.S. sales team to improve efficiency. Administrative expenses increased from $282 million in the first six months of 2010 to $294 million this year. This increase was primarily due to higher benefit costs including pensions and healthcare, costs associated with our new headquarters facility, information systems-related expenses and currency, partly offset by lower compensation expense for the half. Below the operating line, net interest expense increased 15% or $8 million driven by the higher percentage of long-term debt in the portfolio. The tax rate at 30.2% was down 80 basis points for the first half, the benefit of which offsets the higher interest expense. For the first half, net earnings decreased 8% and diluted shares outstanding decreased 3%, thus EPS declined by 5%.  In the segment results for the first half, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales declined by 4% driven by a 5% decrease in U.S. Soup sales attributable to the overall increase in promotional spending. Sales of Campbell's condensed soups declined 4%, reflecting weakness in our condensed "eating" varieties. Sales for Ready to Serve soups declined 9% driven by increased promotional spend, which did not yield the anticipated volume lifts. Broth sales increased by 2% due to a solid holiday performance.  Beverages performed well for the half. Sales rose 5% on solid volume gains partly offset by the impact of higher promotional spending. Strong sales gains in V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash were slightly offset by lower sales of V8 Vegetable Juice. Sauce sales declined for the first six months reflecting lower sales in Pace Mexican sauces as we have been negatively impacted by private label activity, and in Prego Pasta Sauce as we have increased promotional spending. Operating earnings declined 13% to $515 million. Category performance in the United States during the last 52 weeks is shown on Slide 22 and is based on IRI Panel Data and Campbell internal estimates. The overall category declined in dollars by 3.4% in the past 52 weeks. Our Soup sales declined 4.1% and all other branded players declined 1.6%. Private label dollar sales declines were in line with the category, down 3.2%.  While it's not shown on the chart, Campbell and other branded players had increased volumes in the Soup category. While the volume performance has been positive, the gains were not sufficient ultimately to translate into dollar gains as the chart shows. Trends in both dollars and volumes were stronger in the most recent 13 weeks according to the IRI data and Campbell estimates. Category dollar sales rose 1.7% in the quarter and volume growth was 5.9%. Campbell benefited, showing growth in both dollars and volume for the quarter. Campbell's dollar share in wet soup for the past 52 weeks was 62.9%, down 50 basis points. The decline in our dollar share came from Ready to Serve soup. Private label's dollar share of soup was flat at 12.3%. For the half year, Baking and Snacking organic sales increased 2% as both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's achieved volume gains. Earnings increased 5% due to gains in Pepperidge Farm and the impact of currency, partially offset by lower earnings in Arnott's. The Arnott's results compared to a very strong period a year ago in which earnings increased by double digits. We're pleased with the results for our Baking and Snacking business, which has benefited from high levels of innovation and compelling advertising.  Organic sales in International Soup, Sauces and Beverages decreased by 1% primarily due to declines in Latin America and in Canada, reflecting higher promotional spending partly offset by gains in Asia Pacific. The sales increase in Asia Pacific was primarily due to volume-driven gains in Australia. Operating earnings increased 2% to $120 million compared to $118 million a year ago, driven by volume gains and productivity savings, partly offset by higher promotional spend. Sales at North America Foodservice declined 3% while earnings increased 2%, reflecting the impact of favorable currency transaction rates and our efforts to aggressively manage costs in this business.  Cash flow from operations, shown on Slide 25, was $483 million, declining $13 million from a year ago. The impact of lower pension contributions in the current year was more than offset by higher working capital requirements and lower earnings. Capital expenditures of $74 million are down from $103 million a year ago. For the year, we now forecast capital spending of approximately $275 million.  In the first half, we repurchased 16 million shares at a total cost of $573 million under our strategic share repurchase program authorized in June 2008 and our ongoing practice of buying back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans. Net debt was $2.796 billion, an increase of $259 million. Turning to our revised full year guidance on Slide 26. We're anticipating improved second half financial performance relative to our first half. We also now expect slower growth than previously anticipated particularly in our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment, as we manage the transition to reduce promotional levels in Soup and operate in a very competitive environment, which is impacting the entire segment.  Below the line, we continue to assume that the combined impact of changes in net interest expense and taxes will not be material to the year. We now forecast sales to be between plus 1% and minus 1% for the year, adjusted EBIT to decline 3% to 5% and EPS to decline 1% to 3% from the adjusted base of $2.47. This guidance range implies improvement in the back half, most of which will come in the fourth quarter as we cycle a very strong third quarter from last year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jennifer.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Craig. At this time, we will conduct the Q&A session. We'd like to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question yet stay on the line in case clarifications are needed. This way, we hope to respond to more callers. Mary, can you give us our first question?
Operator: Our first question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my question has to do with the difference between the soup shipments versus the consumer off-take. And I guess, Doug, maybe you could just kind of walk us through as the quarter kind of progressed, because I thought that -- I don't know, I guess, we never want to talk too much about weather, but I would have thought with the weather being the way it is, that retailers maybe would have, if anything, stocked more soup, not kind of cut back on the number of -- the amount that they had. So maybe if you could just bore through that.
B. Owens: Eric, maybe I'll jump in there, and then if Doug or Denise have anything to add. I think the first thing to recognize is that we started into this period a pretty heavy promotional discounting in the third quarter of last year. And consequently, we had fairly strong shipment levels and a certain amount of inventory build coming into this quarter. Secondly, I guess I would acknowledge that, as you're well aware, it's hard to read with great precision movements in inventory inside all of the channels, some of which are unmeasured at the store level and at the pantry level. So we're very encouraged that the takeaway was as good as it was in the quarter. I don't feel like we lost any sales because of what was going on with respect to inventory levels. But clearly, as you look across the first half of the year, the promotional activity has not -- we haven't gotten the kind of lifts that would have paid for the kind of promotional activity that we've done across the first half of the year.
Douglas Conant: Just building on it, we do have the volume growing again, which was essential. We wanted to protect our consumer base. As you recall a year ago, we were losing some of our base to other Simple Meals. And we said we have to protect that with the consumer, and we have, but in the deep promotional environment that we're in, not just in Soup but in the broader Simple Meals arena, retailer inventories are getting increasingly difficult to measure and manage. We have visibility to pieces of those inventories but not to the full range of outlets and channels. So I feel good about the direction. But clearly, we had some inventory that got worked off.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just as a quick follow-up, just any thoughts on do you think the pretty bad winter so far helped some of that consumption? And is that maybe what's giving you a little bit more confidence in the second half to pull back on the promotion and just kind of let advertising do the work?
Douglas Conant: Just a few thoughts on that. Historically, at least the 10 years I've been here, we sort of naturally pull back from price promotion as we go into the spring and summer, so this is a very natural cycle here. We also have visibility into the performance of our advertising campaign, which is the best performing campaign that I've seen since I've been here in terms of consumer response. So given that we naturally pull back anyway and that we've seen positive encouraging response to the advertising, I think it's a natural thing for us to do, but Denise may want to expand on that one.
Denise Morrison: I think that going into the second half of this year, we have the opportunity to better balance our price promotion with our brand building now that we have a stronger campaign.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Doug, here's a question for you. All of our data seems to indicate that you guys really throttled back on promotion during the month of January, which I found a bit surprising. Is that consistent with the actual strategy? And if it is, what would be the thinking there during that single month?
Douglas Conant: Terry, we didn't really -- I won't get into a discussion on month-to-month promotional planning. But I would say we, broadly speaking across-the-board with all of our major customers, we maintained our promotional presence through the entire quarter. What I will acknowledge is that other branded competitors, one in particular, was very aggressive again in January and may have attracted more of the promotional attention in that month. But, Denise, I may be wrong but I think we maintained a pretty solid profile, and we maintained our advertising presence throughout.
Denise Morrison: Exactly.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just to follow to that, I guess the big question is how much of a threat is this competitor you just mentioned to the more rational strategy in the second half? I mean if they really hit the pedal on promotions, doesn't that really compromise the strategy, or how are you looking at that?
Douglas Conant: Historically, the category has not been particularly promotionally sensitive when we get into the spring and summer. The retailers aren't particularly interested in running hot deals on soup in April. So typically -- and the consumer is not particularly looking for hot deals on soup in April. So I personally believe we're going to -- the more balanced approach that Denise is taking and that she just spoke about makes sense, and we can weather the storm here. We have good brands to compete in the space. We have good advertising against it. We will offer very good price value still relative to other Simple Meals. And as we've highlighted in the past, oftentimes depending on -- in most periods, we have more interaction with other Simple Meals than we do with the branded competitors in Soup. And I think in that broader arena, we'll be sufficiently competitive. Denise, would you?
Denise Morrison: Terry, I think going forward, we know that when we have competitive price value and we have great advertising and brand building, that's when we grow profitably. And I think, although I was very happy with the consumer takeaway in volume for the quarter, it came a high cost. And therefore, we need to make sure that we are growing our earnings as well as our net sales.
Douglas Conant: Episodically, we have experience. When we hit stride with sufficient innovation, sufficient brand building activity, balanced with responsible trade promotion, we know we can make this proposition work. We just have to do it with greater consistency.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I want to ask about -- to look at this quarter, not only do I see a lot of advertising on TV, but I know you've been keeping it pretty heavy on advertising. It was down in the quarter according to I think the numbers Craig mentioned. Is that just a matter of timing? We're going to keep kind of the foot on the pedal for the second half of the year and move towards more advertising. Can you talk about that please?
Douglas Conant: The GRPs were down, I think, modestly, but we're talking about still very high levels of advertising and we believe that at a threshold level. And we are committed to maintaining that as we've indicated. But Denise, do you want to expand on it?
Denise Morrison: Chris, a couple of things. First of all, we maintained a very high level of advertising. We actually had a different mix of 30s and 15s, which impacted our GRPs. But our anthem campaign, which was our a 30-second was very, very productive. So that was one of the changes we made, and we will continue advertising heavily into the third quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And I just want to be clear on kind of a comment you made earlier on Simple Meals. And I guess that's obviously been a challenge for the Soup category. And you got more promotional and more aggressive clearly in this quarter from a takeaway standpoint, did well versus other Simple Meals. But obviously, the cost was very high to get there. So what I'm trying to understand is that a sustainable strategy, is this what it takes to be competitive against Simple Meals is simply to be more promotional, more price promotional?
Denise Morrison: Chris, I think the best way to describe this is that starting in the first quarter this year, we did have an observation of a larger amount of switching between Soup and other Simple Meals. And because the advertising campaign was new and it took time to gain traction, the lever that we had to use was to get more competitive on our price promotion. We were successful in getting that switching behavior back to what we call normal levels. Meanwhile, the advertising is starting to get traction, so we believe we have a much more balanced marketing mix to work with going from the second half of this year forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you comment on shelf space in the Soup category? Are you holding shelf space? Is it declining? How do we kind of -- the one thing that I still find that investors ask all the time is, is just kind of fundamentally why this category doesn't seem to be doing better? And back to Eric's question, it was such a tremendously cold winter. I know you're saying that the FDN data looked okay but the shipment data, down. It just feels hard to explain. So talk about shelf space and then talk about just big picture about the category trends.
Denise Morrison: David, we have not seen changes in shelf space for the Soup category. And we watch this, as you know, very, very closely. I mean to-date since we started our fiscal year, we've put in over 20,000 new upgraded iQ MAximizers across the retail landscape. So we've been working very closely with retailers in the category on shelf space. So it's competitive out there, and it's one thing we continue to watch. But to-date, we haven't seen any movement in that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And in all the dollar stores when they're expanding their footprint at the expense of the traditional retailers, there's nothing negative with that fundamental change at retail. Is that a true statement?
Douglas Conant: We have a presence in those dollar stores, and we're committed to getting our fair share of that presence. So we have products that can plan that space. And in the fullness of time, we think that's a very manageable proposition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: Can I ask about the beverage category? It seems as though it slowed down quite a bit in sales growth trends this time. In particular, I think you had the tea version of V8 that was being moved. How is the distribution trends on that? Is that going as expected? Or is there other dynamics in that beverage segment that are causing some challenges?
Denise Morrison: I mean the beverage business has always been very competitive. And we're very proud of the fact that V8 has been outperforming the shelf-stable juice category for quite sometime now. I would say that we continue to invest in V8. Splash and V-Fusion did very well this past quarter. We were a little bit lower on V8 Red. And I would just say that we continue to be very, very optimistic about our ability to compete with beverages.
Douglas Conant: And for the half, it's been solid. When there is a significant pressure on food budget, people, we have observed, are willing to trade out of the category and go to water and other more value-oriented items. But on balance, we feel very good about our presence here and our growth prospects.
Denise Morrison: Our volume full year-to-date on consumer takeaway is up 6.6%. So we're really happy with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Denise, a couple of weeks ago, I guess there were some pretty high level management shifts that were made at Campbell, I think, a new Head of Sales, a new Head of U.S. Soup and some others. And even I know, it's very early to sort of get your strategic outlook and plan. I was wondering if perhaps you can share bit about maybe what skill set you were looking for in some of those key people, maybe what objectives you had in mind when you were making those sort of what seem like pretty key personnel decisions going forward.
Denise Morrison: That organization shift had been planned for quite some time, Andrew. And what we're doing is we are setting up the North America Soup, Sauce and Beverage unit to create better focus and to jump-start innovation, and I'll talk more about this at CAGNY. But those leadership changes and the structures were designed on purpose to do that.
Douglas Conant: And just to build on it, as part of the what we call our ORP process, we've been developing those two leaders for roles like these for the better part of six or seven years. So this is a natural evolution of the thinking but tailored to address the issues of the day, and issues that Denise has highlighted as being most critical to moving forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I mean I know that they come highly regarded, both internally and externally, and I guess from Pepperidge. So I was trying to get a sense of just what is that -- I'm trying obviously to get a little bit more insight into where you're headed going forward obviously and how those folks add to that but we'll get more into that at CAGNY as well.
Denise Morrison: The good part about Campbell, Andrew, is that we do have some great bench strengths, and these are great leaders that are coming into these positions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I wanted to talk just a little bit more about your expectations for managing pricing back up in Soup. It's just, I guess, a little bit hard to have full confidence given some of the recent trends there. And I was wondering if you have similar plans and equal conviction in your ability to -- equal confidence in your ability to manage Condensed and Ready to Serve, or do you view those categories or those segments as somewhat different from each other as you think about the next few quarters?
Denise Morrison: I think there is an interaction with Condensed "eating" and some of the RTS brands. And particularly with the price discounting that we had in the marketplace, the value proposition of Condensed became less apparent to the consumer. Going forward, as we realize our pricing, I believe that, that will be restored and Condensed will have a much better second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Doug and Denise, I think someone mentioned the positive response for the new ad campaign in the Q&A. Is there any details you could share about from a normal to consumer-level research perspective, how are perceptions and/or behavior perhaps changing this year with regard to Soup? Are there certain demographic groups that are cutting back or coming back to Soup versus other categories? Any insights would be helpful.
Denise Morrison: We still consider it early days, but the consumer response to the campaign has been really positive. And we've had certain executions because this is a portfolio campaign and there's sub-branded advertising within it. We've had certain executions that have performed better than others, and we continue to learn and improve it. But this is some of the best advertising we've had on air in our recent past, so we're very, very encouraged by that.
Douglas Conant: It is the first time that we've had an umbrella campaign across the entire line. So we're pioneering new ground here for the company, the first time in almost 20 years that we've done it this way. So we have expected that it would take a little time. The response, in particular to the Anthem spots that Denise mentioned, has been exceptionally good in research and then in qualitative tracking following the launch. We've also had good response to some of our condensed cooking executions and our Chunky execution that we were concerned about because we were migrating from a brand building Chunky NFL perspective into this broader spot. But our Chunky business has held up very well through all of this activity.
Denise Morrison: And our Healthy Request business has also been off the charts.
Douglas Conant: As it relates to the advertising. So we have seen impact. Where we've been pressured has been when we have tremendous price gap pressure that is changing the promotional, the price points to a point where our condensed "eating" soups have been so pressured by Ready to Serve pricing. But on balance, we see it across the portfolio in a very positive way.
Denise Morrison: And we think that we can strengthen the execution on condensed "eating", and we're working on that right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Craig, you called out input cost inflation in fiscal '12, and I'm wondering if you can quantify or give some quantification to what you're expecting for cost inflation. Our math shows that you could be facing something like 6%. Are we in the ballpark, and then in relation to that sort of your ability to use prices to lever to offset that as opposed to maybe other levers that you can see in your P&L to manage through that inflation?
B. Owens: We don't have an F '12 forecasted. We're a little early for that yet. As we look at this year, clearly the trend is up. We're going to finish the first half sort of flattish on ingredient and package and energy input inflation. And then in the second half, we would expect something more like about 3%. And as we look forward to '12, probably somewhat higher than 3%, but I don't have a number for you. So it clearly is in our thinking. Pepperidge Farm has already taken some pricing action because some of the earlier pressure has been, as you are well aware, on grains and so impacting that business. And we're very mindful of it as we look at our commercial policy around Soup in the back half of this year and coming into next year. But it's a little early for us given our cycle and given our pricing cycle to be forecasting that.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just in terms of broadly speaking, any other levers that you feel that you may have kind of over the next six to 12 months in your ability to manage it through that inflation?
B. Owens: Well, on the costs side, I mean one of the things that's helping us mitigate the impact as we move into it is the combination of our hedging program and our contractual arrangements with certain suppliers. I mean that's not -- those things don't offset long-term inflationary pressure, but they do give you some time to react and to manage your pricing in the marketplace against what you see coming as inflation. We also within cost of sales, not directly impacting input from ingredients, packaging and energy but within cost of sales, we continue to have a really strong and successful enabler program. We'll be at record levels, I think, again this year after having a strong year last year. So we're attacking other pieces of the cost base. We've talked publicly about a Soup common platform and some longer-range programs that we've got. But ever year, we're trying to fight back something like 3% or so of our total cost base with structural cost decreases. So those are the things on the input side. On the output side, of course, we've got within pricing, we've got the opportunity to manage at the list price level as well as manage promotional depth and frequency.
Douglas Conant: Judy, also, I think it's still true at a very high level to think in terms of we believe we have the ability through pricing and productivity to manage our cost base. And it's beyond just Soup. It also applies to our other branded areas in Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks, where we have good brands we can price to manage between pricing and productivity. Over time, we've demonstrated the ability to manage costs.
Denise Morrison: We also have a very good discipline about our SG&A management.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc: This is Adam Josephson in for Akshay. I realize consumer takeaway was good in the quarter, but obviously the category continues to have its challenges. I just have two questions. Is it possible that some of the problems that the category is having are attributable to a generational shift and that younger people tend to eat less canned soup than their predecessors? Or is it possible that the trend toward healthier soups has been detrimental to the category because the soup doesn't taste as good as it did before?
Douglas Conant: I'll turn it over to Denise in just a second and she's going to cover more on this when we get to CAGNY. But what I would say is those areas create great opportunity for us. And we believe we can do a better job particularly with millennials. And we believe we can continue to drive on the health and wellness front to grow the category faster. And we're going to cover that at CAGNY. But, Denise, do you want him a top line?
Denise Morrison: I would say the best way to answer it is Campbell Soup is in 85% of all households. And we do have a very high index with millennials, although it's not as high as baby boomers, i.e. that's the opportunity for us. It's still pretty significant. The other question that you asked was about health and wellness and our Healthy Request soup was actually our best performing line this year. So we are hitting the mark on that accute need of heart health. So that's probably the best way I'd answer it, and I will provide more insight on that at CAGNY.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I was listening to the tone on the call today more than anything. And I got say, it's awfully positive. You've just lowered guidance for the back half of the year. And I would argue that the Soup plan for this year did not -- the Soup did not go according to plan. And I guess I'm just kind of wondering, Denise, as you think about strategic planning for fiscal '12, most people that I talk to think that there needs to be some kind of rebasing of margins or expectations. And the tone is so positive, it just doesn't seem like that's where you're headed right now, and maybe the rebasing today is all that's necessary. And that's fine. But I'm just kind of -- the performance to-date just hasn't really been very good. And I'm not quite sure how I can kind of get on board that things are going to get quickly better?
Denise Morrison: First of all, I'm going to acknowledge what you said and that is that we believe we can do better in the Soup business. And that our performance as a result of the heavy price discounting that we engaged in did not give us the lifts that we had expected. And the volume gains that we had realized were not sufficient to drive profitable net sales. So I agree with you there, and I'm not happy about that. However, you know that I have a new team, and we are really focused on creating value over the long term. And we have an opportunity here to explore all of our options for doing so. So it's unclear at this point whether a rebase would be the right step for Campbell. But that said, we believe at this point that we have enough resources right now that we could just reallocate to fund our growth, including trade spending and some of the dollars that we had appropriated for sodium reduction in R&D. So this new team is looking with fresh eyes at everything.
Douglas Conant: Just to build on it, for context, we've grown EPS every year for nine years. We've grown EPS 10% over the last five years. We have a flattish performance in a very tough year, and we know what we need to do better. We're focused on it. We have spending as a percent of sales at record high level. So we have some resources there, and we've just got to find a way to manage things smartly. And then I would emphasize that every year, we go through a strategic planning process with our board where we look at all of our options. Denise and her new team are doing that right now. And I think she'll be in a position, with a much more informed and complete look, to cover that when she gets to our July Analyst Meeting. So I think in the meantime we have plenty to do and we're on it. So I think this is just a natural evolution of the business, and we've got to work through it. But three of our four segments are growing earnings. We have an issue here in the U.S. and we're on it.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I don't think Soup is the next buggy whip. You've done a lot for the category over the years, Doug. I think that the category can grow.
Douglas Conant: Rob, I do too, but we can and will do better. We can do better.
Denise Morrison: We can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question on costs. Craig, if we look at G&A or cost control in G&A, I guess, in the back half of the year, how much is there a benefit running through your G&A line for lower compensation expenses?
B. Owens: Well, we've seen lower compensation expenses in the first half. And I think you would see that continue as a trend into the second half. There are also some -- if you'll recall in the second half last year, we also had a recall on SpaghettiOs, which is another item that will help us in terms of comparisons second half versus first half.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And can you quantify like how much are you expecting lower compensation expense to benefit the full year?
B. Owens: Most of the benefit, frankly, is coming from lower incentive compensation, which would take -- if you look at the first half, we're on the track that we think is appropriate for the full year.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So how much has it been for the first half then?
Denise Morrison: We're not going to provide that level of detail.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well then, if we're modeling the second half, should we factor in a higher compensation expense for next year? I'm just trying to get a sense for -- is G&A going to be artificially or abnormally low this year because your missed your plan? And do we have to put that back in for next year? Some help on just how to think about that would be helpful.
B. Owens: So clearly, as we look at next year, we would anticipate higher incentive compensation. But as Denise said, we've got a very disciplined process against total G&A. And we would look to be realizing efficiency opportunities in other areas.
Douglas Conant: But just with respect to incentive compensation, yes, we'd look for a bigger year next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: It seems that over the past couple of quarters, your condensed cooking soups have been one of the bright spots in a clearly tough environment, particularly for U.S. Soup. This quarter in the press release, you commented that there were declines in both condensed cooking and "eating" varieties. Wondering whether you think something's fundamentally changed there? What the drivers have been behind that decline? And what your outlook is for the cooking portfolio?
Denise Morrison: Eric, we're pretty happy with condensed cooking overall for the half. And one of the biggest events we have is our holiday season. And when we look at the total performance of this business throughout the holiday and some of those cases start shipping in October all the way through the end of the year, we're pleased pretty pleased with the momentum in cooking soups. And our broth, of course, has been stellar for both quarters. So we know the trends here are good. I mean consumers are cooking at home more. We've invested very heavily in campbellkitchen.com, which is providing recipes. So we still are very excited about the Campbell cooking soup line.
Douglas Conant: Recognize, too, Eric, that in the quarter, the biggest divergence between positive consumer takeaway and shipment data was in the cooking soup category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta from Barclays Capital.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Lehman: Just a quick question. Can you talk about your plans to address the recent $700 million in debt that mature?
B. Owens: I didn't catch the question.
Denise Morrison: Could you repeat that, Priya?
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Lehman: The $700 million in debt that came due I guess a few days ago. Can you just address your plans as to whether you look to refinance that into new long-term paper or just pay it down?
B. Owens: We did a $400 million issue last July which in effect pre-funded some of that. We took advantage of the low rate environment. We have plenty of room within our commercial paper program that as the $700 million matured and rolled off, we rolled that balance into the commercial paper program. But I think it would be fair to say that we are looking for opportunities to, if you want to think about it this way, to term out the rest of it.
Jennifer Driscoll: I guess with that, we are going to be closing our Q&A session. Thanks, everyone, for your participation in our second quarter earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately two hours. If you are a reporter and have some questions, you would like to call Anthony Sanzio. His phone number is (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-11-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President – Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Campbell Soup Company's First Quarter Earnings webcast. With me here in New Jersey today are Doug Conant, the President and CEO of Campbell; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance. Doug and Craig will provide their perspectives on our performance for the quarter as well as our expectations for the full fiscal year. Following their remarks, we'll take questions from analysts and investors. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to our Company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statements. Our presentation today includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, so we've provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides that accompany our presentation. These slides, including the appendix, can be found on our website. Now, I give you our President and CEO, Doug Conant.
Douglas R. Conant: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning. Happy Thanksgiving. This morning we reported earnings per share of $0.82. This result was consistent with the estimate we gave on November 10 when we adjusted our annual guidance. At our Analyst Day last summer and in our Annual Report we gave a consumer view of our entire portfolio. We divided it into healthy beverages, baked snacks, and simple meals. We further divided simple meals into meal makers and meals. Within that framework, we delivered a strong performance in healthy beverages this quarter. We also delivered solid results at Pepperidge Farm, which comprises over half of our baked snacks business. In addition, sales of condensed cooking soup, the largest component of meal makers, rose this quarter. Growth in these businesses supported a 1 point quarterly gain in volume mix, an important improvement compared with minus 4 points in last year's first quarter. With that as background, today I'll give you some perspective on the performance of our largest simple meals business, U.S. Soup. Then I'll focus on the softness in the ready-to-serve soups and condensed eating soups, since they are the primary drivers behind the recent guidance change. I'll also highlight the actions we're taking to improve our soup performance over the balance of the year. As we discussed earlier in our earlier release, in the first quarter to improve our soup volume performance we stepped up our promotional profile, launched an umbrella advertising campaign, and improved our in-store merchandising. We saw pockets of strength, most notably our condensed cooking soups and our Healthy Request soup varieties, both of which delivered sales and volume increases in the quarter. However, our promotions did not deliver the planned volume increases in our ready-to-serve soups or our condensed eating soups. The backdrop for the limited market response to our promotional activity in these two soup segments during the quarter reflects the difficult consumer environment, which as you know is pressuring volumes of other industry players. It also suggests an extraordinary competitive activity within the category. This competitive activity affected both our ready-to-serve soups and our condensed eating soups, as competition very aggressively promoted ready-to-serve soups in many cases at prices on parity with our condensed varieties. As reported earlier, we chose not to match some of this promotional activity. In my view, it simply was and is not in the best long-term interest of the category. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we expect the second quarter to be extremely competitive, potentially comparable to the first quarter. While this will put pressure on our earnings, again, next quarter we will maintain a strong promotional program to protect our leadership position with consumers and to honor our customer commitments. As we move in to the second half of our fiscal year, in anticipation of commodity cost inflation and to improve profitability, we expect to adjust our promotional programs to improve price realization and to begin rebalancing our marketing mix towards advertising and brand building. In addition, we will step up our investment in innovation to drive category growth. We'll cover more on these fronts at CAGNY in February. Now, to expand on our performance in the quarter and to review this year's profit delivery expectations, I'll turn you over to, Craig Owens.
Craig Owens: Good morning. I'll take a few minutes to walk you through the first quarter results and segment highlights and then, I will follow with some comments on our fiscal 2011 earnings guidance. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $2.172 billion, down 1% versus the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation, organic net sales decreased 2%, primarily due to lower sales in our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segments, where we significantly increased promotional spending. EBIT of $444 million for the quarter was down 7% versus a year ago, primarily due to the increased promotional spending partially offset by productivity improvements in excess of cost inflation and by favorable mix. The quarter's EPS declined 6% to $0.82. For perspective, we were lapping a very strong quarter a year ago in which adjusted EPS grew 14%. In the first quarter, we reported net sales decline including a decline of three points attributable to the impact of increased promotional spending, primarily in North America. This was partially offset by a one point increase from volume increase and a one point increase from currency translation. Organic net sales decreased 2%. Our gross margin on slide 10 declined 70 basis points to 41.2% in the current quarter from 41.9% in the first quarter of 2010. The change was primarily due to increased promotional spending, partially offset by productivity gains in excess of inflation and by favorable mix. Despite increased advertising and consumer promotion spending, marketing and selling expenses decreased 2% to $277 million. The decline was primarily due to lower selling expenses, as we have reorganized our sales teams in the U.S. to improve effectiveness and efficiency. We also realized cost savings in marketing overhead for the period. Administrative expenses increased $7 million to $140 million. Three factors drove most of the change, a 40% increase in U.S. pension expense, higher long-term incentive compensation cost, and currency. We have focused on cost savings efforts in the areas of selling and general and administrative expense to mitigate the impact of inflation in compensation and benefits and we are seeing positive results from these efforts. EBIT declined 7% in the first quarter due to the impact of higher promotional spending on sales and gross margin. As Doug discussed, while higher promotional spending across many of our businesses drove higher volumes, it did not yield the planned volume lifts in our U.S. ready-to-serve and condensed eating soup businesses. Net interest expense for the quarter increased 11% or $3 million driven by a higher mix of fixed rate debt in the portfolio following the issuance last year of $400 million in long-term debt. Reflecting the higher interest expense, net earnings declined 8% for the quarter. Diluted shares outstanding were reduced by 2% in the quarter due to the favorable impact of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our share repurchases moderated the impact of the change in net earnings resulting in an earnings per share decline of 6%. Now I’d like to comment on our segment results for the quarter. In the U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segments sales declined 3% primarily due to a 5% decrease in U.S. soup sales. The decrease in U.S. Soup was attributable to lower price realization driven by promotional depth and frequency. Our healthy beverages business continues to perform extremely well. Both volume and sales increased by double-digits. We posted gains in V8 vegetable juice, V8 Splash juice drinks, and in successful innovations including our new V8 V-Fusion + Tea varieties. The level of competitive activity in our sauce categories increased this quarter. Sales of Prego pasta sauces declined slightly as higher promotional spending was partly offset by volume gains, and sales of our Pace Mexican sauce business declined. Operating earnings declined 11% to $295 million this quarter from $331 million a year ago. The reduction was primarily due to the increased promotional spending, partly offset by supply chain productivity gains in excess of cost inflation. U.S. Soup sales for the quarter declined 5%. Condensed soup sales declined 1%. Ready-to-serve was down 13% and broth sales fell 2%. As we mentioned earlier, the two segments that comprise our simple meals portfolio are meal makers, those products which are used as ingredients in a meal; and meals, those products which are simply heated and consumed. Within meal makers we had strong performance in sales of condensed cooking varieties, which rose 7% as the business responded to our marketing efforts. While our broth sales were down slightly, we expect improved performance in this business during the holiday season. Our issue in meals has been in our eating soup varieties, both ready-to-serve and condensed. We increased our promotional spending, yet did not achieve the planned levels of volume gain. Our promotional spending in the ready-to-serve segment and even steeper discounting by competition lowered sales in our condensed business as the price gaps between ready-to-serve and condensed narrowed. Looking ahead, we expect to spend competitively through the second quarter and then begin to shift our marketing mix from trade promotions to more advertising and equity building activities for the second half. We anticipate that this shift will improve our profitability in the back half and help offset an anticipated increase in cost inflation. On slide 16, there is a look at category performance in the United States during the latest 52 weeks based on IRI panel data and Campbell internal estimates. Economic conditions remain very challenging making it more difficult for the entire food industry to grow sales. In the soup category specifically, increased promotional spending by Campbell and by other branded players has not succeeded in growing the overall category, either for the quarter or for the year. The overall category declined 6.8% in the past 52 weeks. Our sales declined 7.7%. Private label dollar sales also declined over the 52-week period. Private label's market share in soup grew in the past 52 weeks, yet at only 12.5% its share in soups significantly trails its share in most other mature food categories. Campbell's dollar share in wet soup for the past 52 weeks was 62.4%. The decline in our dollar share was driven by ready-to-serve soups and condensed eating soups. From a volume share perspective, our increased promotional activity kept our market share steady this past year. In Baking and Snacking organic sales were comparable to a year ago. Volume sales in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's were offset by increased promotional spending net of pricing. In Pepperidge Farm volumes rose due to the strong growth in Goldfish snack crackers, gains in Baked Naturals, and the successful expansion of the Deli Flats line. Sales in our Arnott's business in Australia were comparable to a year ago as continued strong gains in Shapes and Vita-Weat savory crackers were offset by declines in chocolate and other sweet biscuit products. Earnings for the segment were flat versus prior year. Currency gains and growth in Pepperidge Farm were offset by lower earnings at Arnott's as we lapped double-digit growth at Arnott's in the year ago period. Organic sales in International soup, sauces and beverages were comparable to a year ago. Gains in Europe, driven by Germany, and gains in the Asia-Pacific region, driven by volume improvement in the Australia soup business and in Japan were offset by sales reductions in Latin America. Operating earnings for the segment rose 16%, reflecting strong earnings growth in Europe. Continued weakness in the food service sector led to organic sales and earnings declines of 5% and 12% respectively in our North America Foodservice segment. Moving now to cash flow and the balance sheet on slide 21. Cash flow from operations was a use of $29 million compared to a use of $36 million a year ago. The impact of lower pension contributions in the current year was offset by higher working capital requirements and lower earnings. Capital expenditures of $27 million declined from $44 million a year ago. In the first quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for a total cost of $156 million under our strategic share repurchase program authorized in June 2008 and under the Company's ongoing practice of buying back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans. Net debt was $2.789 billion, a decrease of $40 million compared with a year ago. In our news release on November 10, we revised our 2011 guidance and we are confirming that guidance today. For the year and reflecting a one point favorable impact from currency translation, we expect growth in net sales of 1% to 3%; adjusted earnings before interest and taxes comparable to the prior year; and earnings per share growth of 2% to 4% from the prior year adjusted base of $2.47. As Doug mentioned, we'll continue to spend a competitive levels on the second quarter putting downward pressure on our margins, which will likely result in a quarterly earnings decline and first half results that will be directionally similar to the first quarter. We expect earnings growth in the back half of the year as we improve price realization achieve further productivity gains from our supply chain, maintain our good expense management, and continue to realize the earnings per share benefit of using our free cash flow to repurchase shares. Our full year guidance is based on our assumption that achieving improved price realization will improve sales growth in the second half. With that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer for the question-and-answer session. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Craig. At this time Mary, we're going to conduct our Q&A session. I'd like to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question, so that we may respond to more people who have questions in the queue. However, we would like you to stay on the line while we answer your questions, just in case clarifications are needed.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Douglas R. Conant: Hello, Vincent.
Operator: I am sorry our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Douglas R. Conant: Hello, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Doug, when you arrived at Campbell, some ten years ago or so, you took certainly a fresh look at the business, fresh eyes and you made some tough decisions, rebased the earnings level to increase your investments in R&D and marketing and lot of those investments really did pay off and you saw much better soup growth and a much better track record there in the years that followed. I'm curious if you were to take a similar look at the business today and it's a little bit harder admittedly, but with fresh eyes almost as if you were again an incoming CEO, and I realize Denise, will of course have her say on all of this in due course. But if you were an incoming CEO, what would be the two or three key things that you would point out today to investment community that might give us some perspective on it?
Douglas R. Conant: You want that answer in 25 words or less, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe the one or two key things then.
Douglas R. Conant: Sure. The first thing I had observe is, what a great category, and what a great leadership position we have. We are in nine out of 10 households in the United States. In U.S. Soup, we have on average anywhere from 8 to 10 cans in the pantry. We are incredibly relevant to today's consumer. So, we have a high penetration and we have a real presence in the fabric of American families in the U.S. Soup business. Our challenge, I think is to deal with some paradigm shifting going on where our consumers are rethinking the way they purchase their food and beverage products. If  I was to look at it, I'd say clearly the increased promotional activity that was accelerated by some of the competition just hasn't helped the category. My experience is, when we innovated the category benefits and we win. When we innovated at earlier in my tenure with the first microwavable soups, Soup at Hand was the product of the year in the food industry and the category grew. When we innovated with iQ Maximizer under Shelf, the category grew. When we innovated and ready-to-serve soups with the whole new fresh look at our Select Harvest franchise target at women, Select Harvest was the product of the year in the food industry and the category grew. I think our challenge is, that we didn't have adequate innovation to attract consumers in a compelling way to the category this year and price alone is just not enough. The other thing I think we need to do is get back to a better balance between our promotional spending and our brand building activity. We are competing with a lot of simple meal alternatives we have to have a meaningful presence there. We're in the pantry, we've got to get out of the pantry and we have to increase usage. We're not going to do that through price promotion that puts more in the pantry, we've got to pull it out. So, I think the focus on brand building and relevant innovation are the two keys for the U.S. Soup business. That having been said, I feel great about the platforms we built in our healthy beverage portfolio and our baked snacks portfolio as I shared in July. We arguably have the best performance in the world in baked snacks over the last five years, and we have great innovation there. We arguably have the best performance in healthy beverages in the last five years, and particularly in vegetable-based beverages. We have great innovation there. So, we've got to innovate and brand build in soup the way we have in the past and the way we're doing in the other categories, and that in 25 words or less is the challenge – or more…
Andrew Lazar: That sounds fine. I appreciate the perspective and I guess, maybe some had perhaps expected hopefully that some of the restage on condensed this year and some other things you're doing would have been maybe enough of a step up although not where you ultimately wanted to get to, but had a bit of a better soup performance coming into this year?
Douglas R. Conant: Yeah, interestingly Andrew, it’s too early to call on the condensed soup relaunch. We had terrific response on half of our portfolio in condensed cooking soups. Where we got hurt was in condensed eating soups with aggressive price competition from other players, price competition that I honestly believe is not sustainable and we just chose not to compete at that level, and we will slog through that over the next quarter or two.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks, Doug. I appreciate this.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Mary, our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Jennifer Driscoll: Hi, Vince. I am glad we got you here.
Andrew Lazar: I know. I am sorry about the phone difficulties. I guess my one question would be –
Douglas R. Conant: You are going to blame the phone?
Vincent Andrews: Doug, you talked about eight to ten cans being in the pantry. If you look back over time, is that eight to ten a consistent number that’s been in there or is that number going up or down and is there risk that that number is going to go from eight to ten to six to eight or four to six?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it’s roughly steady, but I'd say, if I had to – our measurement in this area is not – it's hard to measure but if I were to say anything, there's been a tick up in this period and over the last 12 months and so it's not an issue per se of people putting our soup in the pantry. Our challenge is getting it out of the pantry, which is why we chose not to be as competitive as we could have been in our promotional spending. We believe in the long-term benefit of brand building and we're going to focus on that as we go forward.
Vincent Andrews: Do you think that there's any risk that the amount of spending that you need to put in place in order to get the soup out of the cupboard is in excess of what you're sort of modeling today?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we've got to rethink that given the environment as it's changing, but I think there was some good work done by someone from your crowd that talk about our share of spending and I think that we've got a commanding presence there. I think we can find our way through that, but we clearly have to have better balance between our trade spend and our consumer spend.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you very much. I will pass it along.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thanks, Vincent. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Jennifer Driscoll: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Happy holidays. I guess the question and maybe a bit of a follow up on Andrew's earlier point, in terms of the innovation success, I guess Doug I agree with you that it isn't necessarily always our focus, but you have been quite strong in biscuits and beverages, whereas the innovation in soup of late has lagged and obviously hurt the category. In fact it seems like the category decline actually accelerated in the last quarter versus the trailing 52-week data that you gave before. In any case the question is, is the nature of the categories in biscuits and beverages that it’s more of an impulse purchase and that that’s making the innovation there easier or more successful versus the soup, which is just I guess inherently less impulse oriented or less convenient oriented and that’s the challenge?
Douglas R. Conant: A couple things, Eric. First of all, I think the reason you see the deterioration in category performance is not necessarily due to innovation. It’s simply due to some very aggressive price promotion and sales deflation. I think on a volume basis it's holding up just fine but nonetheless, the sales dollars are down. I believe every category has its own rhythm and we focused heavily on renovation here within our U.S. Soup portfolio this year. We were very focused on getting our product quality up, our sodium levels down. As you know, we have front-of-pack labeling coming in the next few years, and we wanted to make sure that our portfolio was very prepared for front-of-pack labeling in a very positive way. We’ve done that, but what I meant was we did a lot of renovation and not a lot of innovation. Now other peers have also talked about that and there is a recognition in today’s environment you need to create more excitement in your category. We just didn’t do that in soup this year but I would go back to – we have done it in prior years, and we have done it in other categories. So our challenge now is to rethink how we compete and take a fresh look as Andrew talked about, given the reality that the consumer is changing their shoppings behavior and we've got to come up with creative solutions here because some of the ways we've approached it in the past are not necessarily working as we would have expected.
Eric Katzman: Thank you for that. But as a follow-up to that, do you see that as being a either SG&A or capital expenditure as pretty high cost. When again to Andrew's point, when you came in a decade or so ago, the Company had basically starved itself and literally, you had to upgrade the cooking methodology for condensed. So, are we talking about given the change in the consumer need to really – I don't know aggressively rework the ingredients or how you cook it, I'm no expert, but just kind of how should we think about that?
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, I personally believe, we've got to take a fresh look. So, I don't want to close off any options, but that having been said, we have a very clear line of sight to how we can improve the processing of our soup. We've talked about it before in terms of our common soup platform and we have a line of sight to how we can. It may require some investments, which we haven't defined fully yet, but where we can deliver soup at a higher quality and a lower cost. So, we have a whole body of work going on there. But in terms of innovation, we have the capacity and we have the funds necessary to step up our game in innovation in soup. There is nothing that we can't match corporately, but we do have to rethink that and we have to keep an open mind and we're going to do that as we go through this year. I think as we get deeper into the second quarter and move towards CAGNY, we'll be a little more clear on that.
Eric Katzman: Okay, I will pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Eric. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Hi, just sticking with the innovation theme here. I'm curious about the V8 soup platform. It feels as though it went through its rebranding after Select Gold transitioning to V8 soup, but it's been left with relatively few SKUs in there. I don't think much marketing has gone behind that brand, maybe there is still the limitations that you can't really put bits into it there is not much garnish in there. Could you just give us some idea about whether there are - could there be major expansion plans in that area and if so what holds you back?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, there is nothing really holding us back. There is some technology where we can't get full pieces of vegetables and meat into the product, given the constraints of the technology and the DA regulatory requirements. But, basically U.S. consumers like big chunks of meat and vegetables in their soups, which this technology doesn't lend itself to. Now in France, Belgium and several other countries where we compete the dominant form is that a septic package that we sell the V8 soups in and in those countries that is a preferred way to eat soup. We're positioned now to bring that technology to this country and as we get further along with the evolution of the technology and can put bigger pieces of garnish through I think we're going to have an opportunity there. The important thing for us was to be the first mover in this country, in this technology in soup and to be in a position to advance for this as soon as the technology evolved far enough. I think there's opportunity there. It won't change the fundamental trend in the category, but it's a good niche opportunity and over time it could become bigger. I think if you view it more broadly too we still feel like there's some opportunity in premium soup. It may not be all in the septic form, but we think we've got some opportunities out there in premium soup. We've got in our food service business we're having some success with volume growth at the premium end of the category and we think there may be some other ideas out there around the premium end of the category that would go after that same consumer user case.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. And thanks. Our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer: Thanks. Question on the Healthy Request on your mix of your soups. You say in the release, the Healthy Request varieties had a 9% sales gain across condensed and ready-to-serve. My question is what is the mix of Healthy Request of each of the categories ready-to-serve and condensed? How rapidly do you anticipate this mix evolving? Separately, I guess relatedly, do you believe sodium concerns are becoming even more of an overarching demand driver for soup lately or perhaps this is just a result of you converting your soups and the pastings of your soup's to Healthy Request? Thanks.
Douglas R. Conant: Sure, David and I appreciate the question. I can't breakout for you Healthy Request by segment. What I can say is it's had a positive impact across all the segments. I think we’ve addressed the sodium issue in a very satisfactory way at this point for today and also for tomorrow as we prepare for front-of-pack labeling. We are always going to have to be alert to dealing with that issue but by and large we think we have addressed it. I think the challenge for us now is to create some taste adventure and leverage some of our other benefits as we continue to manage the sodium profile. We’re not as concerned with it today as were before. We had to position our portfolio to be in the right place when we get to front-of-pack labeling and we’ve done that. We’ve taken care of the long term and now we got to focus on innovation in near term, which goes beyond just the elimination of negatives and starts to celebrate the wonderful positives that we can do with soup. I think that is going to be our focus on innovation. Healthy Request by the way is a good example. If we have a clear and compelling platform that the consumer understands they buy soup in a can, and they buy it at (inaudible) rate. Same thing’s true with our cooking soups. So we’re not necessarily constrained by the can. If we have the right proposition, we can grow that business and our challenge on our base business is to find that right proposition while we push off into some new areas.
David Palmer: I guess what I’m getting out on that whole thing is, if this is being done the right way in your mind, as that mix increases so might the stability and then ultimately the growth of the category, however…
Douglas R. Conant: Absolutely, that will happen, and by the way we sell it at a higher price with a better margin and it's getting increasingly more important in our portfolio. So it tells us we’re on the right path. Not only that, but we have actually lowered the sodium further on those Healthy Request varieties and the consumer along with improved flavor technology, the consumer is buying the proposition. In the fullness of time, I think we’re well positioned there.
David Palmer: Thanks, Doug.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, David. Our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens: Doug, let me come at it slightly a different way here. You guys have had some pretty good innovation over the years, but if you look at innovation like say microwavables, it seems in a bad, in a weak economy to have really kind hurt you. I know the takeaway there, you and I've talked about it, hasn’t been good. General Mills, they are pretty smart marketers, ditto Sam Reed's group. I guess my question and I hear this a lot from folks is, is the answer that we simply have to wait for the economy to turn that soup is just innately going to struggle during a downturn? I mean that’s my worry.
Douglas R. Conant: It’s a well-founded worry, Terry. By the way, whoever else is on the phone I would appreciate if the next question could go to Craig Owens.
Terry Bivens: We've got to keep you on the spot until you retire.
Douglas R. Conant: I am sorry. That is a concern, because we have a lot of pantry inventory. People are shopping the pantry. There is less incentive to go out and buy more soup, and we do have to navigate through that paradigm. There is no evidence that we can't navigate through it, other than we had a tough quarter where there was extraordinary price competition that we chose not to match. So, we're going to have to see how this plays out. Terry, we can manage through this. We've been down this road, not quite the same way before when I started our soup business was I wanted to say about $1.700 billion in sales, and yes, it’s been tough, but up until it’s over pushing $2.2 billion now and with good ROIC and good margins and we'll find our way through it. We do have to step into the innovation, work through brand building. It’s not easy, but if anybody can do it, we can do it.
Terry Bivens: Okay. Thanks very much, Doug. I will pass it along.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Terry. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning, Chris.
Douglas R. Conant: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Doug, we are not going to let you off that easy. My question for you is just in relation to trade promotion and maybe there's two parts to it, maybe one. My point is just that, you made some pretty clear comments. You're looking for price realization now in the second half of the year. Is that based on a change in your input cost outlook or it's simply just a change in the way you want to attack kind of the advertising versus promotional balance?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it’s a little of both. This is a question Craig can weigh in on, but I will start the answer. Clearly, the promotional track is not helping the category and I guarantee you it is not helping the other competitors. I believe when you heard the TreeHouse earnings announcement, they weren’t too excited about soup margins either. So, I expect we are going to navigate through this thing and the category will pursue a more rational approach to pricing and margin management. I got to tell you, if it doesn’t we are going to find the right balance, but we will have to continue to compete because we're in this for the long-term. So, we're going to have to play this quarter-by-quarter and manage it smartly. I expect it will be more rational in the second half than it's been in the first half. There will be pressure on margins. We are expecting input costs to go up and I expect everyone's going to have to find the way through this. Craig would you?
Craig Owens: Just to expand a little bit on the inflation piece of the question. We would expect input cost, commodity cost to be somewhat higher in the second half, not hugely so. In our overall inflation profile for the full year it will not be a lot different than it was in the quarter which was plus 3%. We'd expect to be in the 2% to 3% range on total cost of goods inflation for the quarter, but with a higher contribution from input cost in the second half and a somewhat stronger enabler program and other cost savings in the second half. We do however, recognize just as everybody sees, that the general trend in commodity cost is upward and we think it's important that we stay up with that and prepare ourselves not only the second half this year, but for next year. So that is part of what's driving our thinking around price realization.
Douglas R. Conant: We've worked hard to responsibly build food quality margins here top quartile in the (S&T) Food Group and with the good return on invested capital. We're going to work hard to maintain that. But we also have to compete and that's the balance we're going to work through over the next three quarters.
Chris Growe: I just want to make sure I was clear, on this better balance between trade and advertising is that accomplished by reducing advertising in the second half of the year. I guess I already thought you were balanced on those two items?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we were more balanced until the first quarter, and in the first quarter our trade spending was up as you can tell, although it didn't go up as much as some of the competitions' trade spending went up. I expect the trade spending part of that will come back to us in the second half.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dianne Geissler from Credit Agricole Securities.
Diane Geissler: Good morning.
Douglas R. Conant: Good morning Diane.
Diane Geissler: I apologize in advance if you have already covered this, I may have missed it. Could you just comment on, what were the volume trends in U.S. Soup versus takeaway?
Douglas R. Conant: I do not recall that we commented on the volume trends. They are better than the consumer takeaway numbers. I do not want to get into precedent setting here. But they were better than the dollar takeaway.
Diane Geissler: Okay. Is that a concern for you as you head into the second quarter and then into the back half of the year that may be you have a little bit of inventory build?
Douglas R. Conant: Not particularly, I wish we had a problem with inventory build that means our sales would have been higher. Our volume was still down for the quarter in soup, I believe I am looking at, so our volume was still down, but not modestly. We came into the year focusing on delivering better volume trends and we did improve the trend line there. But in my opinion it's very manageable at this point.
Craig Owens: In the quarter most of the sales decline Doug mentioned, U.S. Soup sales down 5%, most of that is driven by the increased promotional spending and related to inventories, we have not seen any material change in retailer inventory level.
Douglas R. Conant: I was thinking pantry, but we do have visibility to - we manage many of the retailer's inventory levels and we have not seen any change there.
Diane Geissler: Okay, terrific. Thank you for the commentary.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you (inaudible) heading on to that. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus on the soup performance relative to simple meals you have not talked about that too much. Can you just update on how you think you are doing relative to simple meals, if you are losing share there? You talked about trying to improve the velocity in terms of number of soups you are selling every year. But I am trying to figure out whether that is a problem relative to simple meals or it is just a problem within the category itself?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I do not have a good data for simple meals that is comparable to the data we are sharing with you. But overall what I can say is, last year as we went into the season we saw very aggressive pricing in other simple meals that we believe affected our volume performance. We started to address that and actually made great headway through August, September. What we see this year is, I mean since October we see the other simple meal activity heating up on our price basis, as is indicated by all the food company's earnings announcements. It's a dog fight again in terms of price competitiveness within the category. I do not have data from other simple meals at this point to talk to you about the outlook for the season. We will have a better feeling for that as we go through the second quarter. But there is no evidence that things have abated there.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. The way I read the progression of things in soups, I just wanted to know if I am reading it correctly. Last year or few months ago you were talking about prices being the issue and bringing down the price points within soup. That seems to being done now. Now you are talking about holding back on that a bit. What is going to be the next trigger? You also today talked a little bit about the possibility of increasing the total dollar spent on marketing, including promotions, but if this does not work, which is if the industry, if the soup industry is not as rational in the back half as you expect it may be, what is the next thing that you think will need to change here for things to get better?
Douglas R. Conant: We are always trying to find the right balance between price and value addition. We call it total preferred value here, the sum of the benefits for the price offered. Every year it is a bit of a poker game and what we learned in the first quarter is that price competition per se does not necessarily help the category, and I expect the category over time will become a little more rational, and we will see more brand building and we will see a moderated level of price competition. I do not believe we are not intending to suggest anywhere that total spending will go up in the second half. We expect our trade promotion spending to come down, and we expect to maintain that pretty good solid brand building profile. We expect to start to bring more innovation to the category. We think that is a better model for the category and meets consumer needs in a more complete way but we have to see how the game is played by other simple meals and by soup. What I can tell you is we will find our way through this. We have performed and we will again.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, thanks. I’ll pass it along.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Akshay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hey Doug, I want to know if you remembered several years ago when you did rebase margins and then margins started tipping positive, I think you said something about operating margins of 17% to 18% was an appropriate range for the Company. Fiscal '10 ended up at around 17.7%. Do I have my numbers right and do you think that that ended up being the right level of margins for the Company or do they need to go lower than that?
Douglas R. Conant: You have exactly the right numbers. You did your homework, Rob. Very good. We have a new reality that we are competing with today. Back when we talked about this, I do not know, it could be several years ago, we had some competitors that were pushing 20% to 24% kind of EBIT margin levels. In today's environment – and I thought 17% to 18% for a market leader with our category, our portfolio, 17% to 18% felt about right. We think that is about right, but we have to manage through it, given today's new reality where the competitive fray is intense. As you see, all of our peer group is under margin pressure. So we are going to have to feel our way through it, but you have the right margins. It is 17.7% and our goal is to be between 17% and 18% top quartile in a sustainable way. We have climbed that hill and we are there now. We are going to try and maintain it, but we are going to have to see what happens competitively.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Rob. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: Yeah. I just had a question around the balance sheet and cash flow. Obviously, the top line were weak. There is a lot of competition in the category soup, but I have a feeling I have kind of asked this question before, but you still have a pretty solid balance sheet. Your free cash flow yield stood around 7%. I am just curious, at what point would you expect a little bit more activity in buying back shares or allocating the free cash flow that you are generating to – just try to spur growth, and I am not sure if you are trying to save it to put back into more CapEx or what. If you could just comment on that little bit.
Craig Owens: You are right, we do have a strong balance sheet. We have got terrific cash flow. We have always said that the best investment in our business is one that we can put into organic growth. As Doug commented, we have got terrific margins. We have got terrific return on invested capital. So anything that we can do to leverage core businesses and reinvest in those businesses, some examples over the last couple of years would be investment in additional Goldfish capacity in our Pepperidge Farm, additional capacity in our Arnott’s business in Australia. All of those kinds of investments have terrific return on them. As we move down from investment in core business, we have said that we would like to be and are more attentive to opportunities around potential acquisitions of businesses that we think could value accretive. It is not a very target rich environment. You have not seen us act going one since the relatively small acquisition of Ecce Panis, but that would still be a place that we would be looking. We have had an active share repurchase program, as you know, probably most of you know, we have been working against a $1.2 billion program that the Board approved in 2008, with a three year timeframe around it. We have a continuing program of neutralizing compensation-based equity issues. Then the final thing we think about is around dividend. You saw us just announce a dividend increase coming out of this last Board meeting of 5%. So, we are in agreement with you about the strength of the balance sheet and we look at and the strength of our cash flows and that sort of order of priorities is we think about where we have got opportunities and how best to deploy that cash.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning. Just a question on where you think retailers stand in terms of their view of the category. I had the perception that, last year, maybe the promoted price points in soup were not where they should have been or could have been. But also that there was some feedback that as the leader in the category that Campbell's needed to spend more on advertising and get more people - pull more people into the category. So, you came to the market with a plan, where you have got umbrella advertising and you have got lower price points and more competitive price points than you had a year before and yet we end up in this situation where the decision was made to promote even more. So, is there just a disconnect between the way you are looking at the category versus the way that retailers are looking at it?
Douglas R. Conant: All I can say is we are lined up with the retailers for a very strong profile over the next quarter or two and I think it is going to settle in, in a more positive place. But our brand building did not start until September 7 and that is when the advertising started and we are just getting moving up on the advertising front. We believe it is going to take time to establish that brand building profile with the umbrella campaign and we are going to see it through. The trade promotion in the first quarter was the wild card. We did not get the lifts we would normally have expected and we have to go back to the drawing board on that. Part of the issue was that competitive activity was even more intense and we have to sort to that as well. I guess my point is, without talking about getting into the competitive details, we believe we can find our way through. We have the margin structure. We have the capabilities to compete in that category. We are just going to have to feel our way through. We obviously have to lead the category to higher ground and we intend to do that over the next three quarters, but we are going to have to feel our way through it. I do not think there is any fundamental disconnect between us and the retailer. There is a lot made of sort of the push and shove between manufacturers and retailers. Right now, I think what you are seeing across the whole food industry is that it is a really difficult environment. You are seeing negative same-store sales out of probably most retailers you are seeing down spending across all categories in the grocery store both dollars and units have been down over the last several periods. I think we are all looking for ways to sort of reinvigorate the consumer and my feeling is being a little bit distinct from the direct contact with the retailer, but we are all looking for ways to get the consumer moving again.
Bryan Spillane: I guess I just have the perception that you responded to some of the – Campbell's responded to some of the observations that were done in peer reviews or in category reviews and what you've done is basically undermined by the level of promotion that was allowed to occur in October and I guess that is the part that I am having trouble with…?
Douglas R. Conant: I think the challenge is we have got to play the hand we have and we are going to continue the brand building which we know takes time. The other lesson learned I would say is that renovation was insufficient to drive short-term sales performance. We were making changes and we are evolving our U.S. condensed soup portfolio to be well-positioned when we get to front-of-pack labeling in the next two years to get our health profile right. We have done all that, but we had insufficient innovation on top of that to get consumer interest. So, we have got to step up the innovation, while we continue to do all this renovation work and we will do that. We will profile more of that when we get to CAGNY.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron: Thanks for taking the question. Good morning. I am just trying to better understand the cadence of the numbers that you moved through the year here. You talked about expectations for improved performance in the back half, but I am wondering why you might not start to see some of the improvement in Q2. Getting back to last year, you saw some improvement the quarter after you course corrected, so to speak, after you had a weak quarter. You had such an easy comp in the second quarter, I am trying to understand why the improvement might not come a little bit sooner than you seem to be expecting. As a quick follow-up to that, what gives you confidence that you can get better price realization in the back half of the year when you think about the current competitive environment?
Douglas R. Conant: Good questions. Obviously we are giving you – trying to give you a feel for our quarterly flow of business, but we do not give quarterly guidance. We could do better in the second quarter. These are unusual times as reported by the entire peer group, and we are feeling our way through it. We have enough evidence to suggest that we can do better on the price realization front in the back half. We now know in today’s environment what is working from a trade promotion perspective and what is not and that has changed a bit since even a year ago. So I think we believe we can refine our trade promotion plans in an intelligent way, deal with today’s reality, and be more effective and more efficient in the back half. I think to add, if you think about where the big months are in the soup season, we have made customer commitments that run through the back end of the first quarter and well into the second quarter, which is sort of heart of the increase in sales on a seasonal basis. So we have got pretty good visibility where we will be promotionally there. If you remember last year the change in the formula a little bit came between again second quarter and third quarter, not between first and second.
Edward Aaron: Fair enough. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Ed. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta: Thanks for taking the question and happy holidays. Just looking at your comments in terms of the back half of the year, for the first half of the year obviously you are promoting heavily and you plan to for the second quarter, and were not seeing the lifts that you liked. What gives you I guess the confidence that in the second half as you pull back on some of that promotional activity, tilt the portfolio more towards – tilt the marketing mix more towards advertising, and actually take promoted price points up that you are going to see a positive volume and sales improvements?
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, I would just say, we have some insights into what is working right now and what is not, and we see pockets where we clearly overspent and did not get the return. So, there are some low-fruit opportunities. We are also working with our retailers who are also looking to bring more profitability into the category. It is informed judgment that we can do better, but we have to wait and see.
Craig Owens: I think the other point is looking at the portfolio beyond soups, we are expecting improved top line performance in some of our other segments.
Douglas R. Conant: That is a great point because we do have very robust plans in baked snacks and healthy beverages. Also our meal maker business with condensed cooking soup is doing very well and our Healthy Request soups doing well. So, we are dealing with a relatively small part of our earnings pool that is the issue for us and clearly it is important. But we believe we have enough buoyancy in the rest of the portfolio that we can navigate this.
Eric Serotta: Quick follow-up question on innovation, it came up several times the importance of innovation and your innovation not being enough this year. I am wondering is there something about the soup category that you feel you kind of capped out on the innovation potential. You had the big moves in sodium reduction, I am sure there is more of that to come. But could you perhaps preview a bit for us what you are in talk about at CAGNY, give us some sort of framework to think of the innovation that is coming in the soup category?
Douglas R. Conant: What I would share with you and we will cover more of this at CAGNY is that we do have ideas in the pipeline that have been well developed and we are preparing to move to market. Typically in food there are five benefit areas, you have taste, nutrition, convenience, variety and value. We have really leaned in hard on nutrition and convenience as two key foundational areas that needed to be attended to with the soup business over the last decade and we have put ourselves in a solid position there. Now we have to lean a little bit harder on the taste, variety and value dimensions and we have ideas there. So, those will be coming with us to CAGNY.
Eric Serotta: Okay, I will pass it on. Thanks.
Eric Serotta: Thank you Eric.
Jennifer Driscoll: And we will take our final question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Ah, thanks. Good morning.
Douglas R. Conant: Good morning Judy.
Judy Hong: Doug, I know that the innovation and brand building obviously are important to grow the category. But do you think perhaps maybe your underestimating the price issue in the category. What I mean by that is last year you basically got hurt because you had a lot of competition from Simple Meals. This year you got hurt, because the competition really stepped up more aggressively and granted it is only one month's data, but you look at Progressive's performance in the last month, their volume was up 40% plus. So, I am just wondering as you had look at the category and sort of take a fresher look at what you need to do brand building, innovation and everything else, you kind of also have to look at sort of the price points and adjust that part of the equation?
Douglas R. Conant: Absolutely. We are in a battle every day. We compete for it. The 40% plus is a big number. But the incremental shift of cases, competition shipped in October was only 2% of our U.S. shipped volume for the first quarter. You talk about big numbers on small basis with virtually no returns. We can manage our way through this, Judy.
Judy Hong: Okay. Okay, thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay and operator, we'll conclude our call with that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-05-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - VP, IR Doug Conant - President and CEO Craig Owens - SVP, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - VP and Controller
Analysts: Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar – Barclays Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane – Bank of America David Palmer – UBS Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Analyst for David Driscoll – Citi Investment Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs John Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott  Rob Dickerson – Consumer Edge  
Operator: Welcome to Campbell Soup third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Driscoll: 
 :  As usual, we have created slides to accompany our presentation. You will find the posted on our website this morning. Speaking of our website we would like to invite you to visit our newly revamped site for investors found at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com where we offer you streamlined navigation and improved functionality. We welcome your feedback on this site as we are always interested in improving it as a resource for you.  We also have scheduled an analyst day from 1-5 p.m. on Monday, July 12, at our world headquarters in Camden, New Jersey. We will meet inside our new employee center which will be completed in June. We will email invitations to our investor list and also encourage participation via webcast. Please keep in mind as usual this call is open to the media who are listening in listen-only mode. 
 :  Before I turn it over to Doug I would like to point out two items in our third quarter which impact the comparability of our results. The first is a restructuring charge equal to $0.02 per share as we have now completed the restructuring program we announced in April 2008. The second is a non-cash deferred tax expense of $0.03 per share to reflect the impact of the recently enacted healthcare legislation on Medicare Part D reimbursements. The prior-year quarter and year-to-date results also included items that impacted comparability such as restructuring related costs, adjustments on open commodity hedge positions and a tax gain recorded in discontinued operations.  Throughout this presentation we will discuss the results on an adjusted basis excluding the items that impacted comparability. Since our presentation includes these non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, including the appendix can be found on our events website this morning.  With that, I give you our President and CEO, Doug Conant. 
Doug Conant:  Good morning and thank you Jennifer. Thanks for starting us off and thanks to all of you on the phone or webcast for joining Campbell’s third quarter earnings conference call.  I would like to share a few broad observations about our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date. I am also going to introduce some new information about market share as we have promised to do. Then I will turn it over to Craig for a more detailed discussion of results.  This morning we reported adjusted net earnings per share increased 13% for the third quarter. It was a strong performance overall including benefits from volume growth, continued productivity gains and favorable currency. Our business and healthy beverages led the company in sales and profit growth. Our Beverages results benefited from compelling advertising, effective promotions and continued innovation especially with V8 V-Fusion. We also saw strength in V8 vegetable juice as consumers responded to our marketing efforts.  In addition, as anticipated U.S. soup volume performance significantly improved. We continued our advertising support and stepped up our trade activity in soup. Our agility in executing course corrections and a strong consumer response drove a rebound in ready-to-serve soup while condensed soup and broth volume continued to perform well. Our sauces business also performed well including gains from popular meal makers like Prego and Pace sauces which benefited from the continuing consumer trend of dining at home. This combination resulted in a healthy increase in our total U.S. soup, sauces and beverages segment which clearly drove the company’s results.  Strong volume combined with productivity improvements helped us expand gross margins with only a modest benefit from pricing. Complementing these results was continued good performance from our Baking and Snacking business this quarter which offset softness in food service.  Turning to year-to-date results our adjusted net earnings per share rose 13%. I would also highlight our good year-to-date cash flow performance. It is worth noting we delivered these results while continuing to invest in strategic initiatives including the rollout of SAP in Australia, our ongoing innovation in wellness and nutrition and our product introduction efforts in emerging markets.  Today we also updated our earnings guidance for the fiscal year. We now expect we will finish at the high end of our range for adjusted EPS. While consumers remain cautious and very value conscious and the competition is intense, our goal remains sustainable, profitable growth so we will continue to innovate. We will continue to build our brands and we will continue to position our company for long-term sustainable growth as we work our way through this especially tough year.  Before I turn the call over to Craig I wanted to briefly talk about market share and consumption data. As many of you know Campbell Soup stopped disclosing market share for soup shortly after I arrived here as the information then available excluded our fastest growing channels. We have now developed a solution IRI data and company estimates that gives us a fuller picture of our soup results across measured and non-measured channels. Craig will be sharing the data with you in a moment as part of his segment discussion.  As the data shows, in the past 52 weeks we outperformed branded competitors in soup. Private label penetration in Soup increased yet remains low relative to most well developed categories. The 52-week trend shows a loss of market share although underneath that is a one-quarter trend that is much stronger reflecting the recent rebound in ready-to-serve soup.  For this morning my main takeaways are that volume results this quarter are encouraging but that we still have work to do. Our opportunity is to translate great competitiveness in soup into leadership growth for the whole category and this is our focus going forward.  With that I will turn the call over to Craig for a more detailed discussion of the quarter and year-to-date performance. 
Craig Owens :  Thanks Doug. Good morning. I will take you through the financials and then provide some color on our results by segment including the U.S. soup market place performance and then briefly address our guidance.  For the quarter we reported sales of $1.8 billion, an increase of 7% versus the third quarter a year ago. Excluding the favorable impact of currency translation organic net sales increased 2% primarily due to the improved performance of our U.S., Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment. For the 9-month period organic net sales declined by 2%. EBIT increased 8% in the quarter due to an improved gross margin performance, the growth in sales and favorable currency translation partly offset by higher administrative expenses.  For the 9 months, EBIT gained 9% also reflecting an improved gross margin performance and currency as well as lower advertising expenses partly offset by lower sales volumes and increased administrative expenses. We achieved an EPS of $0.54 in the quarter and $2.14 for the 9 months. Both numbers represented an increase of 13% from the prior-year period. This EPS growth is ahead of EBIT growth as it reflects the benefits of utilizing our positive cash flow to repurchase shares.  In the third quarter our organic sales growth reflected a 4-point contribution from volume and mix. This gain and a 1-point increase due to carry over pricing were partly offset by higher promotional spending. The gains from volume and mix were primarily driven by the strong gains in our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment where volume and mix contributed 8 points of sales growth, double digit volume gains in Beverages and gains in both soups and sauces contributed to this performance.  Currency translation, primarily the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, contributed 5 points of sales growth to the quarter bringing our reported sales increase to 7%. In the quarter our gross margin percentage rose 90 basis points to 41.2%. We continue to generate significant productivity improvements from our supply chain and these gains contributed more than 200 basis points to our gross margin performance this quarter.  Higher productivity and negligible inflation have enabled us to step up our promotional spending to remain competitive and drive volume while delivering increases in our gross margin percentage. Cost deflation continues to moderate and was relatively flat for the quarter driven by deflation in grain based commodities, vegetable oil and energy. For the 9-month period inflation increased at a rate of approximately 1-2%.  Currency and higher selling expenses increased our marketing and selling expenses for the quarter. This was partly offset by lower expenses for advertising and consumer promotion. In several of our businesses we have reduced advertising expenditures and shifted resources to fund promotional activities. While advertising costs are down from a year ago advertising impressions in the U.S. as measured by GRPs are ahead of last year thanks to buying efficiencies.  In the quarter administrative expenses increased from $129 million to $156 million. This was primarily due to higher benefit costs including equity based benefit expenses and pension costs as well as currency. For the 9 months the same factors drove an 8% increase in administrative expense.  I will comment briefly on the below-the-line items. As I noted earlier, EBIT increased 8% for the third quarter and 9% for the 9 months. Interest expense increased slightly in the quarter reflecting higher costs associated with our long-term debt issuance in the fourth quarter of last year which extended the duration of the debt portfolio. Those costs were partially offset by the favorable impact of lower short-term rates. For the 9 months the benefit of lower short-term rates exceeded the higher costs in the new debt issuance, leading to an overall decline in interest costs.  The tax rate was steady for the quarter at 32.9%. It was up 70 basis points for the 9 months primarily due to higher state tax costs. Net earnings increased 9% for the quarter and year-to-date. We continue to execute our strategic share repurchase program, leveraging our strong cash flow. As a result, average shares outstanding declined by 3% for the quarter and 4% year-to-date, lifting EPS growth for both the quarter and 9 months to 13%.  Next I will comment on our segment results in the quarter. In U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales increased by 5% due primarily to the 13% growth in beverages. Beverage sales reflected significant gains in V8 V-Fusion benefiting from the increased marketing support and successful new launches including the Cranberry Blackberry flavor and 8 ounce slim cans in a range of flavors. We also achieved volume driven sales in both V8 vegetable juice and V8 Splash.  We increased our competitive activity behind our U.S. soup business driving a 5% increase in volume. After reflecting the increased promotional spending U.S. soup sales increased by 2%. Sales of Prego pasta sauce and Pace Mexican sauces grew in the quarter as these products continue to benefit from increased in-home meal occasions. Reflecting the higher sales and improved gross margin performance, operating earnings increased by 10% for the segment.  Soup sales increased 2% for the quarter with condensed sales declining 1%, ready-to-serve sales rising 4% and broth sales posting a 9% gain. As I mentioned previously, soup volume increased 5% with each of the three soup formats head of the prior-year.  Now I would like to discuss our view of the U.S. wet soup category and dollar share performance. These disclosures are based on IRI panel data and company estimates which we believe fairly capture approximately 90% of retail sales. The figures I am sharing are based on a rolling 52-week period, in this case for the period ended April 18th. Overall, we estimate a dollar decline in retail sales of the U.S. wet soup category of 2.7% driven by lower volume. Campbell’s had a decline of 3.6% in wet soup retail sales. Our ready-to-serve soup business contributed the most to our decline while our condensed and broth formats both outperformed the category.  Our soup performance compared favorably with the deeper decline of 4.3% for all other branded players. Private label retail sales rose by 6.7%. Again, these are 52-week dollar results. On a 13-week basis our dollar share results were stronger and our results were even better on a volume share basis for the 13 weeks. The next slide, number 17, shows dollar share within the U.S. wet soup category for Campbell, all other branded players and private label. Campbell has a dollar share of 63.4%. All other branded players collectively hold 24.6% of the dollar share and private label dollar share of wet soup finished at 12% which is lower than its share in most other well developed food categories.  In Baking and Snacking organic sales increased 1% as volume gains in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s were mostly offset by increased promotional spending. Goldfish snack crackers continued to have very strong growth. The favorable impact of currency as well as margin driven gains from our cost reduction efforts and from deflation in grain based commodities drove a 31% improvement in operating earnings.  Organic sales in our international Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment declined by 2% primarily due to lower soup sales in Canada. Within Europe organic sales gains in Germany were offset by declines in France as the competitiveness in that marketplace intensified. Despite the lower organic sales operating earnings increased 28% driven by the benefit from currency translation and gross margin gains from productivity savings. Reflecting continued weakness in the Food Service sector, organic sales for the North American food service business declined 6%. The segment’s earnings declined by $9 million due to higher manufacturing costs and lower sales.  We are very pleased by our year-to-date cash flow performance. Cash from operations of $859 million rose $53 million from a year ago, more than offsetting a $260 million pension contribution in the first quarter. Significantly improved working capital performance especially inventory reduction and higher earnings both contributed to these results. Capital expenditures of $177 million were about the same as last year. Capital expenditures this year include expansion of our world headquarters, a capacity increase for both Arnott’s and Pepperidge Farm and the ongoing implementation of SAP in Australia and New Zealand.  We spent $315 million in the first nine months to repurchase 9 million shares. Net debt at $2.4 billion is $114 million below the prior-year level. With respect to our guidance, we continue to expect growth in net sales of 2.5-3.5% and growth in adjusted EBIT of 6-7%. Given our third quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year we expect growth in adjusted EPS to be at the high end of the previously announced 9-11% range.  That concludes our formal remarks and now we will take questions from callers. Thank you.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: I guess the question around innovation as we look out into the next season I think a number of folks I have spoken to were somewhat worried given the presentation at CAGNY it was all going to be focused on condensed soup as we go into the next year. I wonder if you could give us any commentary about plans you have in ready-to-serve or broth just to give us an idea of how you see the balance of innovation playing out over the next year or so? 
Douglas Conant :  We highlighted some of that at CAGNY but clearly the focus at CAGNY was on our focus to what we call fire up condensed soup. We have a full platform of marketing and sales initiatives and innovation going against both Chunky, Select Harvest and Swanson’s broth and Swanson stock. I am not going to get into the specific details of it but I can assure you we will be fully competitive in terms of our innovation with any and all players in this segment. We will also be fully competitive from a marketing expense perspective and a selling perspective. We will compete vigorously. Not to worry. 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: A follow-up on the pricing outlook. Obviously we saw a little bit more intense promotional activity this time around. As I look at the comparables going forward it looks as though those might get a little bit easier going forward. Do you anticipate we are going to see continued more intense step up in promotional spending as we go through the next few quarters or are you expecting you might ease off the accelerator pedal relative to where you are today? 
Douglas Conant :  I guess the principle is we will compete vigorously. We believe in our capacity to compete at a level the competition would find challenging. Witness some of the comments by both the private label suppliers and by competitors. I was encouraged in this period because we actually competed vigorously in this last quarter, registered good volume gains and we were actually able to manage it within the context of our overall portfolio in a way that allowed us to hold our EBIT margin. We have the capacity to compete as is necessary and we are going to be very vigilant and not let anything get away from us as it did in the second quarter. We will compete and it is hard to say any more than that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Thank you for providing the market share data. I know that has been a struggle with everybody so I appreciate that. I would ask is you did relatively well in soup this quarter. Last quarter was a struggle. You kind of commented last quarter it was the timing of promotion and to a certain extent analyzing the competition versus simple meals. Even though it has just been a couple of months can you give us a sense as to how you are thinking about the simple meals competition and what seems to be hurting ready-to-serve versus I guess the shorter-term need or efficacy of promotion, maybe just kind of go into that? 
Douglas Conant :  I will do it at a high level but I will say when we have our analyst meeting in July when we have opportunity to amplify on the conversation we will have a very clear articulation of that on July 12th. What we are finding is we know what the key price points are to drive soup volume and sales. We don’t need to become overly obsessed with the myriad of simple meals alternatives out there.  We do have to be informed by the way they are promoting their products but our key challenge is just to execute against the soup category in an intelligent way, be alert to what is going on in the simple meal arena and quite frankly at this point I am just focusing on growing soup. I think we can do that with competitive price points that allow us to continue to build the business and do it in a margin-neutral to enhanced way.  It is not going to be helpful on this call to get into a detailed discussion of simple meals. We know what it takes to win in soup and we just simply need to do it. We missed an opportunity in the second quarter. We weren’t openly concerned about it. We were concerned but we knew we could course correct. We have. We are not overly thrilled with the performance. I think it is solid and it is about what we expected. We are just going to focus on growing the category and being better informed about what the simple meal activity is. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar – Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: Some of the promotional moves you made this quarter perhaps show us that consumers are still interested in buying ready-to-serve as an example but as you mentioned are price sensitive versus other simple meals and things of that nature. While what you did this quarter around promotions was far more tactical in nature I guess with the whole compete vigorously piece and being able to keep…understanding you have to keep certain key price points in mind, it sounds like some of this also will be somewhat more normalized heading into the next soup season and beyond. I am trying to get a sense of if that is the case how that jives with your comment around margin neutral or enhanced way. What are the issues around the economics soup and specific to ready-to-serve to Campbell maybe in this new very price point sensitive environment you have to be [keyed] in on? 
Douglas Conant :  The notion of competing vigorously is largely dependent on where the broader industry is going. As you know, shopping trips are down, consumers are incredibly value conscious and we just know we have to be competitive with our other soup players with private label and all other branded soups. When I talk about competing vigorously it is against other soup players while being informed by what is going on in this broader simple meal environment. I guess the answer when you look forward is it depends.  It depends upon how competitive it gets. We believe we have the operating efficiencies and the productivity mindset that is going to allow us to compete vigorously and hold or enhance margins. That is the approach we are taking. We will see where the industry heads but we believe we can manage our way through it at least as well if not better than anyone else we compete with. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: What I am getting at and you addressed this a bit is to sort of get a better sense of the economics of the overall category which have been very favorable for a long period of time does that need to change? The only reason you can get through it is obviously the productivity of course helps you. 
Douglas Conant :  Actually the economics as you know are incredibly favorable as condensed soup gets traction and outperforms the rest of the category. That enables us to leverage our scale in a very advantaged way. As long as at-home consumption and at-home dining is up and as long as our condensed soups are seen to be a good value solution for consumers we are extraordinarily well positioned in this environment to be able to navigate that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: The last couple of quarters especially this quarter you have gotten much more promotional. You mentioned advertising being down in the quarter. I wanted to step back and look at it from a category standpoint. Should your emphasis be more so on advertising to help drive category growth or is it more about the price points you are trying to hit to be more competitive versus the simple meals? Can you give me a better feel for that? 
Douglas Conant :  Absolutely. We have a model here we work with that is called Total Preferred Value and it has to do with the combination of all of the benefits both the product benefits, advertising and trade promotion activity all divided by the price and all relative to competition. So we do look at it as a bundle. If I piece it apart a bit, first of all our advertising as Craig mentioned our spending is down but our total grips are up. We are out there. Our share of voice is quite strong relative to other alternatives. Again, you have to view our trade promotion as partly offsetting all of the pricing that went on in the past two years which is why we have been able to as costs have come down and being up 1-2% has enabled us to compete vigorously on the trade promotion line and still have good margins.  I think we have a good formula here. We are committed to growing the category. As the category leader we have to do that and I think going forward you are going to see a step up in our marketing spend and our marketing expense line. We intend to grow the category. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: To follow-up on that, Craig gave the new information and thanks for providing that on the share and the sales, was dollar share, if you were to talk about 13-week period was dollar share up in the quarter? 
Douglas Conant :  We don’t release the 13-week periods. We are only going to do the 52’s. You will start, as we build up some traction with the program every quarter you will get some visibility into it. Obviously we felt better about the third quarter than we did the second quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane – Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Just a point of clarification on the difference between the second quarter and third quarter. In terms of promotional activity was the frequency higher? Did you have a larger number or greater number of promotions or was it more driven by just having different price points? Lower price points. 
Douglas Conant :  The answer is yes. We returned to price points we had targeted earlier in the last couple of years and we did it with what we regard as competitive frequency. We particularly got stronger on quality merchandising, so merchandising events that included the feature and display. 
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Did you get retailers to also co-invest with you on this stepped up activity? 
Douglas Conant :  Retailers have a high interest. Some retailers did do that. Retailers have a high interest in the category. It is the largest category in the center of the store. It is a proven traffic builder. As they are really competing now to get store trips up and to get their share of market up, soup is a natural product for them to focus on. Some of them give up a little margin to do that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Palmer – UBS. 
David Palmer – UBS: A quick question on productivity saves. In previous years we had talked a lot about the better look at activity based costs you might get via SAP and that beginning supply chain rationalization savings. Is that occurring now at Campbell and are we perhaps looking at better or higher year-over-year productivity save this year? How are you looking as you go into 2011? 
Douglas Conant :  We are looking at higher productivity saves this year versus last year. The Enabler Program as we call it continues to not only do well but actually accelerate. Undoubtedly one of the drivers of that is in fact the implementation of SAP across North America. It gives us better visibility across our plant network and more standardization. I still think we are relatively early on the learning curve around SAP so I think there is some opportunity to continue to build. The other place you are seeing it is in our improved working capital and inventory performance because another thing the new system platform has done is give us better visibility particularly to raw material inventories in the plant. 
Craig Owens :  As we talk about our expectations going forward you also have to remember that we have a very aggressive SG&A target over the next 3 years of cutting out $150-200 million out over the 3-year period which should deliver zero overhead growth incrementally to all the other cost management work. We have a clear line of sight to having a very competitive cost position over the next three years. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan. 
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: I know over the years we have gone kind of back and forth over some of the syndicated data. I just wanted to ask you this; we look at Nielsen data and through the 12 weeks that ended mid quarter. It looked like soup sales in aggregate were kind of down 4 points or so. In your reported number in terms of sales is up 2. That is a little bit wider variance than I have seen. The question is really in the last two weeks of the quarter was there any special retail program you undertook or anything of that nature? 
Douglas Conant :  No. We can’t reconcile against your numbers obviously but there are a couple of things to take into account. One is some retailers do give up some margin and do take prices down further than we are as they try and build their promotional profile. We do manage inventories or help…our customers manage about 60% of our inventory base and there has been no appreciable change in the inventory level. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: A quick question on commodity costs particularly looking out it seems to me like maybe tomatoes would be down on a go-forward basis and maybe tin plate as well. Then you have some protein inflation coming particularly pork, beef and to a lesser extent chicken prices are at very high levels. How is that all going to net out as we look forward? 
Craig Owens :  We will talk in a little bit more detail about our outlook around inflation for next year when we do the fourth quarter. I think directionally I think the things you pointed to would be the way we are looking at it. We also have a hedging program so we are covered for some of that exposure as we move into 2011 but we will give you an inflation outlook next quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets. 
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I am having a little hard time reconciling the implied fourth quarter guidance. If I take current spot rates it looks like you would need maybe 6-7% organic growth to hit the low end on the top line which strikes me as a bit optimistic. But then on the EPS line it seems like you need about 200 basis points of margin contraction there which seems a little pessimistic. I am trying to understand if there is anything I might be missing. 
Craig Owens :  Well I don’t know if there is anything you are missing or not. We are cycling a very strong profit production from last year for the quarter. So you are right as you look at EPS it is not a very strong quarter implication. It is part of the reason we guided to the top end of the range. We feel good about hitting the top end of our range. I think we do need positive growth at the top line and in confirming the guidance we think that is where we are going to wind up.  Building on that, we are also preparing to move forward our condensed soup relaunch and some of the expenses to that will fall into the fourth quarter as well. So the spending profile will be a little different. 
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets:  Is there any difference in terms of when you get the initial load for the upcoming season, maybe more coming in Q4 of this year than last year. Is that a fair way to think about? 
Craig Owens :  Not particularly.  
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I remember at CAGNY you said you needed to address the price value equation in ready-to-serve. Now you are saying you have returned to price points you targeted maybe two years ago. Is this the solution? Is this price value now addressed or is next year a whole different situation? 
Douglas Conant :  I would love to get out the crystal ball. I guess we know at what level we need to be competitive in order to grow the category. We will see what happens. I suspect these kind of levels might very well be required as we go into next year but we will see. We are going to be very agile here and we are going to stay on top of competitive pricing in the soup category and also we will be informed by pricing in some of the key categories in other simple meals and we will just make sure we are at an appropriate price point and we think we can manage that in a way that allows us to kind of continue to grow earnings. The answer is we will see. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for David Driscoll – Citi Investment. 
Analyst for David Driscoll – Citi Investment: I wanted to know given the short response you have received in the quarter on the volume front from all of the trade promotion, do you think there is a risk as we move forward we are basically training consumers to look to buy soup items off the shelf when they are on promotion and how do you balance that? 
Douglas Conant :  Very carefully. We will be very careful with that. The promotional price points we are at are promotional price points we have been at in the past. So this is more of a return to more competitive price points than before and I think we will find the right balance. As I said we are going to maintain a strong marketing profile as well as a trade promotion profile here. We have the scale and we have the opportunity with our condensed franchise to spend back nicely and get good returns. So we believe we can manage through it but we do have to manage the whole marketing mix. You are absolutely right. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs.  
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Going back to the soup category performance I think you had talked about your initiatives to really focus on key price points and your trends get better but the category being down 2.7% in the last 52 weeks was really the key issue just the price points? Or is there anything as relates to the category that needs to get better in terms of getting category improvement? Then relating to that I thought in the last quarter you focused a lot more on the simple meals category and the pressure you have seen from those categories to it seems like in this call it is really just having keep price points and as it relates to other categories in simple meals just being informed and maybe monitoring as opposed to really being focused on the category and I am trying to understand what kind of if there has been a change in looking at those broader simple meals categories in the last 3 months or so that makes you more comfortable that just being informed and monitoring those categories are really the right thing to do? 
Douglas Conant :  Good question. As I mentioned when Eric asked the earlier on simple meals we are going to have a full discussion on simple meals in our July analyst meeting. I think within the context of having a full period of time to have a quality conversation we can get into simple meals in a more complete way. I think from my perspective for this call we are approaching it as managing what we can manage which is the soup business and our competitiveness in the category and being smart about what is going on around our category. Until we have our July meeting I think that is the appropriate posture to have. We do know when we have good, competitive price promotion in soup we can deliver quality results. I am comfortable with that now. More to come and we will talk in July.  
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Craig on currency. I think the last time you gave guidance of 3-4 points? 
Craig Owens :  In the quarter currency at the top line was worth about 5 points. At EPS currency was worth more like 7 points. 6-7 points.  
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs:  That is for the full-year guidance or the fourth quarter? I guess currency has obviously moved around a lot. 
Craig Owens :  For the full-year I think we are probably still more in the 3-4 range. The quarter is not indicative of the full-year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott. 
John Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott : I wanted to think about your gross margin for a second and what it means in the context of operating leverage. It occurs to me a lot of companies in the food space have had an easier run over the past year or so back to sort of 2006-ish type gross margin levels. I think that is presumably because the volume performance has been tough in soup for a little while now. I am trying to estimate how much, how incremental a turn in volume could be to your gross margin going forward. In other words, do you see a sustainable model with a higher gross margin than it has been historically, say going back to 2006, if we can grow volume even 2-3% consistently off these levels? 
Douglas Conant :  Modest volume growth has terrific leverage on our P&L. So to the degree we have confidence in our ability to manage our costs as Craig articulated we do, and we do have the ability to control our pricing, we lead pricing in our categories, we ought to be able to manage our way through this and get good leverage out of volume. The challenge is obviously to get the volume going and that is what we did in the third quarter. I believe for the next year that is something we should be able to continue to do particularly as we get into the first half of next year. 
Craig Owens :  The other aspect of it is the portfolio management piece of it that Doug mentioned earlier. You saw us simultaneously get more competitive, drive more top line and have better profitability in this quarter than we did in the second quarter. Part of it was the benefit of higher volume and part of it was the benefit of managing the total portfolio toward that end. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson – Consumer Edge. 
Rob Dickerson – Consumer Edge : I have a question on the balance sheet. I know obviously I think we can all tell at this point the soup category hasn’t been performing extremely well and you are doing your best to promote and get volumes and gain incremental share. I am curious how you are thinking all-in about your balance sheet because obviously you have continued to pay down debt. If I look at Q3 now and extrapolate where we are a run rate into the end of the year we are kind of starting to look at just about 1.5 times lever to EBITDA. By my math obviously if you decided to go back to the debt markets you could raise very easily $1 billion in incremental cash and you would still be only at 2 times levered. If you decided to buy back shares you could buy back 10% of your share base and you could double your EPS growth effectively for next year on a fiscal basis. I am curious, at what point do you really start to use the strength of your balance sheet if the soup category continues to underperform? 
Douglas Conant :  Craig will jump right in here, but we have grown soup sales now for 7 straight years. We had a hiccup in the second quarter that affected our ability to grow it this year. Our outlook for the soup category is one of growth, albeit modest growth. But our belief is we ought to be able to competitively grow the soup category. I think we have grown compound annual growth sales in the 3-4% range in soup for the last 7 years. Obviously we missed it in the second quarter but we are very confident in our ability to grow soup. I think there is a growth model there. We have to grow other things faster than that in order to outperform the peer group. But you want to take the other part of that on the balance sheet? 
Rob Dickerson – Consumer Edge : Just to clarify, I feel as if the strength of your balance sheet may be under appreciated and in general I am just curious how you are thinking about the best way to leverage that? 
Douglas Conant :  We appreciate the balance sheet quite a bit but I will let Craig talk about it. 
Craig Owens :  I agree with your analysis of the balance sheet. Obviously in terms of priorities reinvestment in organic growth is our first priority because it is typically the thing that gives us the best value creation. Don’t forget we have also pointed to a willingness to be more aggressive in looking for acquisition opportunities. That is a second area where the strength of the balance sheet could help and we have raised our dividend again this past year. We tend to look at the share repurchase program as the component of cash flow that is more flexible depending on what we are doing with acquisitions or more recently in the past with divestitures. We upped our share repurchase program as we divested properties. I think that is the way we will continue to look at it going forward. The cash flow strength of the company and the balance sheet strength of the company is well understood and appreciated here. We are constantly trying to figure out how to best leverage that. 
[Anthony DiSilvestro] :  I think you are seeing that current cash flow benefit. Craig mentioned the lift between EBIT growth rates and EPS growth rates. We are fully aware that is driven by the positive cash flow that business throws off. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Most of the questions have been focused on soup which is not too surprising. But it seems like the outperformance in the category came from Beverages and Sauces and the salsa business. It seems to be from the consumer perspective those are very different let’s say habits or trends. The Beverage business if you listen to like Coke or Pepsi it has been a bit weak. The single serve market has been a struggle but you are all of a sudden kind of recovering there but on the other hand you have a weak consumer probably buying pasta and the sauces to go with it. So maybe you could talk a little bit about how you did well in those areas and kind of address what seems like a bifurcated consumer? 
Douglas Conant :  Sure. I hate to say it but that is a good observation. We do manage a portfolio of businesses. Our first strategy says we focus on healthy beverages, baked snacks and the simple meal arena. The healthy beverage piece around V8, V8 has been arguably the best organic juice beverage company in the world over the last 5-6 years. We have done an exceptional job of leveraging the trademark, maintaining some premium pricing, selling consumer issues around their intake of vegetables and fruit and have built a wonderful innovation stream against V8 and we are very bullish about that business going forward.  We are also bullish about baked snacks. Between healthy beverages and our baked snacks business which is also arguably been the best performing baked snack business around the world, that is about 40% of our EBIT. So there is a wonderful story there. Then if you go into these other sauces that I believe are benefiting from at-home meal consumption, we call the meal-makers like Pace and Prego and to a lesser extent Swanson broth which is a component to a meal, we also see growth in those businesses. Overall we feel very good about our portfolio. This is going to be an area of focus when we get together in July.  So we have a nice growth story here and this at-home meal making environment our sauces have been performing well and actually our broths have also been performing well as have our cooking soups which are used in meal preparation as well. So between healthy beverages, baked snacks and a large component of our simple meal portfolio we feel as if we are well positioned to compete. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar – Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: With some of the weakness in the overall soup category you have talked about a bit, has that led to any change in the way your key retail partners are thinking about managing the category going forward? Whether it be changes in how things are merchandised or changes in how they think about space allocation on the shelf for the category as a whole? Not necessarily Campbell specifically. Any changes there that are of any note either ones that are potential challenges or opportunities? 
Douglas Conant :  There is no evidence to that effect at this point in time. As you know most of the customers at this point, virtually all of them have locked in their plans for the space allocation and promotional activity for the upcoming soup season. There is no evidence to suggest they are viewing it negatively. In fact, there has been actually great interest in our focus on the relaunch of condensed coup. There is I would say a high level of energy for the soup category from a retail perspective going into the year. They are looking for great value offerings that address the consumer who is feeling value stretched, who is looking for at-home meal solutions and we think the soup category is very well positioned there and our customers are responding well to that. I am cautiously bullish about the response from the customer. There has been no evidence of any pulling back from the customer as you have actually seen in the third quarter with the numbers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Palmer – UBS. 
David Palmer – UBS: With regard to Select Harvest I guess now the second soup season for that is on the books. How would you judge the repeat and loyalty of that in the second year? Any color on that would be helpful. 
Douglas Conant :  We feel very good about Select Harvest and we view it within the larger context of our portfolio strategy. We had Chunky that was very much targeted to men. We needed to get a competitive entry that was targeted to women. We were able to successfully launch it. As you know or I believe you know, Select Harvest was the IRI new product of the year. The best selling new product in the entire food store in its first year going through January 1 of this year. So it was a big success in year one. As you often do you expect to have things soften in year two as you lap pipeline and other promotional launch activities.  We feel very good about it and we are poised to have a very good year next year. So overall we feel good about it. Just like in Chunky we have to get the right promotional price points but we have a great proposition there so we are very comfortable with it. 
Craig Owens :  If you look at the two year growth trend it is very positive for Select Harvest. 
Jennifer Driscoll : Okay. Thank you, Doug, Craig and Anthony and thanks to all of our callers for your participation in our earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately two hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please contact Anthony Sanzio at 856-968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. This concludes today's program. You may disconnect. Have a great week.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll - VP, IR Doug Conant - President and CEO Craig Owens - SVP, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer Anthony DiSilvestro - VP and Controller
Analysts: Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar – Barclays Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus David Palmer – UBS Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley David Driscoll – Citi Investment Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Campbell Soup second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Shawn. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Campbell’s second quarter earnings webcast. With me here today are Doug Conant, President and CEO; Craig Owens, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller. Doug and Craig are the primary speakers for today's call, while all three leaders will actively participate in our Q&A session here with me. Doug Conant will begin our call with his perspective on the quarter and the first half, including a discussion of our U.S. soup performance. Then Craig will provide comments on our financial results for the quarter and the first half, as well as, our outlook for the full fiscal year. Following their remarks, we'll take questions from investors and analysts. Similar to last quarter, we have created slides to accompany our presentation. You’ll find those posted on our website this morning. As a matter of policy our conference calls are open to all interested investors. Members of the media are listening to the call as well. As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP measures, as defined by SEC rules. We've provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, including the appendix can be found on our website this morning. And with that, I give you our CEO, Doug Conant.
Doug Conant: Good morning. Thanks, Jennifer. And thanks to all of you on the phone or the webcast for joining Campbell's second quarter conference call. I’d like to start with some broad observations about our performance in the second quarter and first half, and then I'll discuss our U.S. soup performance in more detail. This morning, we reported that earnings per share increased 16% for the second quarter, a solid performance overall. The quarter included strong cost management, productivity gains and favorable currency. In particular, our Baking and Snacking, and International Soup, Sauces and Beverages segment improved our earnings performance. In the first half, adjusted earnings per share were up 14%, despite a very difficult operating environment for the half, we've increased margins, boosted EBIT and improved cash flow. We did all of this while continuing to advance our strategic initiatives, such as our SAP implementation in Asia-Pacific, a variety of important health and wellness innovations, and the expansion of our efforts in emerging markets. And while we're satisfied with our earnings performance clearly our focus remains on the volume and sales profile of our U.S. soup business, as we have lapped a strong prior year performance. This quarter, despite improved volume in condensed soup, we had an 8% decline in net sales of U.S. soup due to an 18% decline in ready-to-serve soup, primarily driven by our Chunky brand. I'll talk more about that in just a minute. To win in this environment, particularly in the simple meal category, where we compete with soup, we need to bring to market very competitive price value propositions in each of our three key businesses, condensed, broth and ready-to-serve. On the positive side, we delivered solid performances in condensed and broth with very competitive propositions, and we'll continue to support these brands in the second half. Next year, we're going to build on the success by aiming our innovations squarely at our condensed soup business. As I mentioned last week, firing up our condensed soup business is a broad initiative, spanning improve product and expansion our health offerings, contemporary new labels, a change in marketing and enhanced shopping experience. This initiative is perfectly in step with the current consumer focus on value. Meanwhile, our price value proposition in ready-to-serve soup this quarter was obviously less affected. We saw the impact of intense competitive activity in the broader simple meals category in a quarter when our own promotional spending in ready-to-serve was reduced versus the prior year. Our long-term confidence in ready-to-serve soup is as strong as ever. As I mentioned last week, over the last decade we've established ready-to-serve as a $2 billion category, growing net sales at a 6% compound rate. We've grown our own net sales of ready-to-serve soup in nine of the last 10 years. We've largely driven this growth through innovation and competitive pricing. And we see plenty of opportunity to continue to build our soup business over the rest of the season and the balance of this fiscal year. We're taking the promotional actions necessary to improve our competitiveness in the second half and we expect improvement in the strength of Chunky and our overall ready-to-serve soup portfolio. In closing, we're very confident in our ability to address the challenges in front of us. To that end, as you know, last week we reaffirmed our earnings guidance for the fiscal year and we adjusted our sales guidance. We continue to forecast that we will deliver 9% to 11% adjusted EPS growth, 6% to 7% adjusted EBIT growth and 2.5% to 3.5% net sales growth. With all of these ranges, including the anticipated impact of currency, Craig will elaborate further on our guidance later on the call. Clearly, given our first half performance, this implies an expectation of step-up in net sales performance in the second half. With that, I'll turn the call over to Craig for an expanded discussion of the second quarter financials, the first half and our outlook for the fiscal year. Craig?
Craig Owens: Thanks, Doug, and good morning. I’ll start walking through the income statement with you and then provide some color on our results by segment before briefly addressing our updated guidance. For the quarter, we reported sales of $2,153 billion, an increase of 1% versus the second quarter a year ago. Organic net sales, which excludes the impact of currency translation, acquisitions and divestures, declined 3% in the quarter. Organic net sales reflected declines primarily from our U.S. soup, sauces and beverages segment. Organic net sales were also down 3% for the first half. Despite lower organic sales, EBIT gained 8% in the quarter, helped by lower marketing expenses, currency translation and gross margin improvement. For the half, EBIT increased 9%. For the quarter, our earnings per share grew 16% to $0.74. This performance was ahead of our EBIT growth, reflecting the benefit of our share repurchases. For the first half, our adjusted EPS rose a solid 14% to $1.61. Looking at our second quarter sales performance, we had a 2-point decline from volume and mix, and another 2-point negative impact due to higher promotional spending. We increased our promotional spending in this environment more than offsetting a 1-point increase in pricing. With the weakening of the U.S. dollar, currency translation contributed 4 points of sales growth to the quarter, bringing our reported increase to 1%. In the quarter, our gross margin percentage improved 70 basis points. The margin gain was driven by productivity initiatives in our supply chain, which continue to provide a significant positive impact on earnings growth. These productivity savings were partly offset by promotional spending net of pricing and by cost inflation. Cost inflation for the quarter increased at a rate between 1% and 2%. It was largely driven by inflation in steel cans, tomatoes and vegetable costs. Offset in part by deflation in grain-based commodities and energy costs. Marketing and selling expenses declined for the quarter and for the half due primarily to lower advertising and other marketing costs, partly offset by currency. We also shifted some of our marketing spending toward trade promotions. While advertising costs on the quarter are down from a year ago, advertising impressions in the U.S. as measured by GRPs are ahead of last year, as we are benefiting from deflation and media rates and we've used a more efficient media mix. In the quarter, administrative expenses increased 8%, half the increase was due to currency translation. The balance of the increase was primarily due to higher benefit costs including higher pension expense. We continue to tightly manage our overhead expenses and we see further opportunities in this area. For the first half, administrative expenses also increased due to currency, partially offset by reductions from our cost management efforts. I'll touch briefly on below the line items. As we reported earlier, EBIT increased 8% in the quarter and 9% in the first half. Interest expense rose slightly in the quarter, while we began to lap the significantly lower short-term rates for a year ago, we continue to achieve very favorable commercial paper rates in the market, reflecting our strong credit. We've had two successful long-term bond issues in the past year, slightly increasing our portion of long-term debt and our interest costs. The tax rate declined 1.8 points to 29%, primarily due to lower taxes on foreign earnings. For the half, the tax rate increased slightly due to higher U.S. state tax costs. Average shares outstanding decreased 4% in the quarter and the half, as we continue to execute our strategic share repurchase program. Across the P&L, currency contributed roughly 4 to 6 points of growth in the quarter and 3 to 4 points of growth in the first half. Next, I’d like to comment on the operating results of our reporting segments for the second quarter. It was a challenging quarter for U.S. soup, sauces and beverages, including a decline in net sales of 5%. Doug covered soup performance, so I'll comment briefly on sauces and beverages. Sales of Prego pasta sauces increased strongly, continuing to benefit from their value positioning. Overall, beverage sales were down slightly as declines in V8 vegetable juice due to higher promotional spending were mostly offset by V8 V-Fusion. This quarter, we've introduced Cranberry Blackberry and the Acai Mixed Berry Light versions of V8 V-Fusion. Primarily due to softness in ready-to-serve soup, segment earnings declined by 4%. Soup sales declined 8% in the quarter with condensed sales unchanged, broth sales up 1% and ready-to-serve sales down 18% as discussed earlier. Both our condensed and our broth businesses delivered volume growth in the quarter. In our Baking and Snacking segment, organic net sales were steady and solid growth gains in our Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s business were offset by a decline due to increased promotional spending. In Pepperidge Farm, we continued to deliver strong sales gains from Goldfish snack crackers. In Australia gains in both savory and sweet biscuits added to sales growth in Arnott’s. Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s delivered strong earnings growth due to our cost reduction efforts, the deflation of grain-based commodities and the stronger Australian dollar. Organic sales in our international soup, sauce and beverage segment were flat as the benefit of carryover pricing, net of increased promotional spending was offset by lower volumes. On a geographic basis, gains in Japan and Europe were offset by lower sales in Canada and Australia. We achieved significant earnings growth of 48% in the international segment, driven by gross margin gains from pricing and productivity savings, as well as, a benefit from currency translation. Our North American food service business continued to be negatively impacted by sector trends, organic sales declined 4%. By aggressively managing the cost side of the business, we were able to deliver positive earnings growth of 6% for this segment. We were very pleased with our cash flow performance for the period especially in light of the $260 million pension contribution made to our U.S. plan in the first quarter. Cash from operations of $496 million rose $78 million from a year-ago. Working capital improvements and earnings growth more than offset the pension contribution. Capital expenditures of $103 million were about the same as last year. The amount funded continued work on our world headquarters building project, which is nearly completion. It also funded increased capacity for Arnott’s in the beginning of the implementation of SAP in Australia and New Zealand. We spent $213 million in the first half to repurchase 7 million shares. Net debt at $2,537 billion is about $100 million below prior year levels. Our guidance of net sales growth of 2.5% to 3.5% anticipates a stronger second half following flat sales growth in the first half. In a second half, we're cycling easier comparisons and we have a strong calendar of marketing, promotional plans, building on the strength and opportunities that we've identified in the first half. Our earnings expectations have not changed since our upward revision at the end of the first quarter. This range includes an assumption of cost inflation that will be close to flat versus a prior expectation of 1% to 2% cost inflation. All the figures shown include the impact of currency, which at current spot rates would have had an impact of about -- would have an impact of between 3% and 4% for the year, which is the same impact we were seeing at the end of the first quarter. This concludes our formal remarks. And now we'll take questions from the audience. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Doug Conant: Good morning, Alexia.
Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Can I ask about the step-up in competitive activity and the other simple meals categories, two questions on that? Which category specifically have you seen that deterioration in and when did the, that step-up in competition occur?
Doug Conant: Well, Alexia, I think the way to view this in a broader context is that the most important thing we've noted related to ready-to-serve soup is that our own promotional spending was down versus the prior year quarter and that has the most pronounced effect on our performance. We also track an evoked set of roughly 10 categories where we have high interaction. And within that set, we did see a step-up in our second quarter, and I think as we go forward, we'll be in a better position to enable you to get more visibility into it. But we track 10 categories an evoked set, high interaction and there was a step-up in promotional spending on that blended set. I won't get into the specific categories. The biggest -- the most notable change was that our promotional spending in the quarter was stepped back and is anticipated, obviously, to be stepping forward in the second half of the year, in the third and fourth quarter.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Great. A real quick follow-up. The condensed initiatives for fiscal '11, roughly how does that -- how does that break-up in terms of the focus on condensed soup to be used as a soup versus using condensed soup as a cooking ingredient?
Doug Conant: Basically, Alexia, cooking and eating are about 50/50 in our portfolio. And I think you'll see that kind of relationship as we go forward with our activity.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Doug Conant: All right. Have a good day.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Alexia. Shawn, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Doug Conant: Hey, Eric.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I guess my question is a little bit of follow-up on Alexia's question but a little more pointed. That basket of 10 categories has historically been by your estimate the price differential, including promotion that that basket is running at today versus where you were on ready-to-serve?
Doug Conant: Well, I think, I’d come back, I believe the biggest single changes that we promoted less in the second quarter than we did in the prior year and that's where we saw the most pronounced drop. It explains the biggest part of the variance. We are in the process of fine tuning our history on this evoked set, so I don't want to, I'm not going to get into it now. Our sense is that if there was a step-up in this quarter, I don't have it going back as deep as I’d want to right now.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the, I mean what, I guess at the end of the day with this being an over $1 billion business out of your total of $8 billion in sales and as you noted historically it's been a growth driver for the company. I mean, what should give us confidence that the organization is ready to deal with what looks like a pretty significant change versus history?
Doug Conant: Well, I would note that, we have a history of competing in ready-to-serve soup that gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to compete in ready-to-serve and in broth for that matter. And we have a tailwind that we believe with condensed soup. So you put it all together and we have high confidence, obviously in our performance, in our ability to performance soup, obviously our guidance anticipates improved performance. Our sales historically split about 55/45 as a company and we’re talking and we basically have flat sales in the first half and we're providing guidance that's 2.5% to 3.5% for the full year, and we're saying there's really no change in currency. So there's an expectation of very strong sales performance in the second half and we're making a point that we expect very improved performance relative to the first half in U.S. soup. So I -- we can talk all we want about it. Now the challenge is to perform. And we have a lot of confidence in our ability to perform in the second half so that, Eric, it's an 18% drop for a major category and in any category, typically, as you know, is due to some promotional timing changes. Things just don't happen that quickly in terms of fundamental trend and we just have to get back on the horse again.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Well, I guess, I mean, I want to give other people a chance. But I guess, I would say that, things are changing. I've -- so for example, I didn't expect the retailers to pull 1 to 2 billion of profit out of the milk category and yet that happened. And so I don't know if it's just due to promotional changes. I mean the consumer's acting differently, given the pressure that they are under. And I just don't, I just don't know whether you and your team are ready to deal with if this isn't just a promotional issue but a bigger challenge to $3-plus per can for ready-to-serve soup versus whatever Kraft is putting out Mac & Cheese out, for example. So anyway, I guess, the proof will be in the pudding. And I just, my follow-up on for Craig. Is there any way to give us a sense because we talked about this over launch at CAGNY, is there any way to get a sense as to how much benefit from the 7%, 8% EBIT growth was due to the mix shift, I guess to condensed versus let say, productivity?
Jennifer Driscoll: In the margin line, you mean, Eric?
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Well -- or dollars, however you want to, however you want to answer it.
Craig Owens: Well--
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Just trying to get a sense as to kind of, is it -- condensed was flat.
Craig Owens: Right.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: But obviously, it's having some benefit given the ready-to-serve weakness. And so, I'm just -- is most of the EBIT growth a function of productivity, lower A&P and I guess, some currency benefit or is there a pretty big part of it due to the mix shift to the condensed?
Craig Owens: Yeah. Let me ask Anthony to give us some facts. But I -- as he's looking for the numbers, let me just say that broadly. Yes, there is some positive benefit as we shift to condense inside of the U.S. business there. On the other hand, and that we had a strong delivery from our international business and from some of our businesses outside of soup, that's probably a slightly negative mix impact in the total. And I think the primary driver, as we said, is really around productivity improvement across the whole segment and significantly lower growth in inflation. Anthony, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah. Just I would add within U.S. Soup, Sauce and Beverage segment, there is a small benefit due to mix condensed relative to RTF but it's not significant.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Just as a reminder, we’d like to request that callers limit themselves to one question. Our next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: Good morning, everyone.
Doug Conant: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: Good morning. Doug, maybe it was about, I guess a year ago or so, where you had talked a little bit about may be some more structural thoughts, I guess around the industry and concerns within soup. Potentially questioning, relevance of soup, center of the plate or not nature of the product, things along those lines that I think then, you really focus more on, obviously innovation for this soup season we're in now and getting the value message and such. So I don't know, I was wondering if there's been any other learning on that front that makes you feel more strongly one way or the other on those issues. Because just some of the earlier questions, I think you get a sense that, I think, folks are trying to get a better sense of whether there is some larger sort of shift here with respect to consumers. How they view the category, even more broadly, even more broadly than just ready-to-serve?
Doug Conant: Sure.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: That would be helpful.
Doug Conant: Okay. Andrew. First of all -- and we covered some of this at CAGNY. We see soup as being highly relevant. Per capita declines that had been announced in the 1990s have now fully stabilized. I've been doing this now for nine years and we have -- we've been able to bring enough innovation and relevance back to the category to make it very viable and competitive. For nine years, we've been talking about condensed. We have it today. And we are talking about a massive re-launch of condensed soup next year and solid performance of condensed soup this year. We have good performance in broth and soup. So in over half of our soup portfolio there is great news and great promise. We have had a hiccup in ready-to-serve soup with a promotional timing shift. And that's when I believe the issue is and we have great visibility into promotional planning for the second half of the year. If we had concerns about soup, we obviously would have probably had to change our guidance, we don't. So we see it being very relevant. It's still the number two item at launch. It is still in the top 10 at dinner. It's still is the highest unit volume in the entire center of the store for simple meals and none of that has changed. We focused on being very competitive within the soup category, as we would compete with private label and other branded players, and quite frankly, we're doing that pretty well this year. And if there's something that I would challenge us for, it's that we were so focused on competing within soup that we didn't adequately take into account the increased competitive activity beyond soup in this broader simple meal category. We make that mistake once. We won't make it again, and because I don't want to have another call like this, so--
Andrew Lazar – Barclays: Right. And then just any thoughts on anything you can share around, what you see in, that February is close to being kind of completed, I guess would be helpful also just given the shift in strategy around promotional timing?
Doug Conant: Well, obviously a way to think about our soup business Andrew, as if it's in the first half, second half, it's about two-thirds of our sales are in the first half. A third of the sales are in the second half roughly. And obviously there are more sales in the third quarter than there are in the fourth quarter and obviously, we're promising pretty good sales growth out of soup. In order to have that happen, it has to probably happen in the third quarter. So obviously, we're pretty bullish about it. We also have our -- we have a clear line of sight into the programming for the second half of the year. So we're confident in our ability to compete in soup, in ready-to-serve and we've got a great runway in front of us. In fact, I can hardly wait till I have my numbers from the second quarter this year, next year. You guys will be calling us geniuses.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays:
 :
Doug Conant: Thanks.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks. Andrew. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens of J.P. Morgan.
Jennifer Driscoll: Hi. Terry.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Good morning all.
Doug Conant: Hi. Terry.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Doug, I guess my question goes on this whole thing of kind of restaging and re-launching. I mean last year, as we looked at going from Campbell Select to Select Harvest, I think you may have surprised the investment community with the degree of spending. And now this year, as we restage Chunky, I guess, I'm very confused as to why it was a timing issue with promotion. I would think, with a restage that the promotional spending would be up, certainly the marketing spending. So I guess, my question is really, to you use Andrew's words, what are the learning’s here with all of these restages?
Doug Conant: Think about ready-to-serve, we're in this for the long haul and we needed to reposition our ready-to-serve portfolio for the long-term growth. And the way we focused on doing that was by improving the health and wellness could answer to that portfolio, and we did it in two stages. We did Select to Select Harvest last year and we're doing it with Chunky, and we did it with Chunky this year. So we're setting the table for a strong health and wellness proposition in ready-to-serve soup. Again, for the long haul. Our promotional planning is not just our promotional planning alone but we do that with customers. Customers have different promotional plans as well. And so the promotional plans we've put in place reflected kind of the timing that our customers thought was most valid and our customers, quite frankly, as was noted on an earlier call, are really rethinking the way they are promoting. So we have to address that and move forward. The other piece, I would talk about in terms of this health and wellness platform. If you were to look at our, as a lead indicator, our performance in an increasingly large segment of our business, Healthy Request, you would see that the Healthy Request Chunky piece is growing nicely. So we see that as we get to the stronger health and wellness platform, we have several leading indicators that suggest we're on the right track. We just have a huge portfolio that we have to move over time and we're doing it in pieces. I don't think it's more complicated than that.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Well, just to follow up on that, though, are -- do you worry that given the competitive set now with the convenience meals that your retail customers come back to you and say, look, outside of promotional spending, the list price is just too high here for the ready-to-serve line. Is that a concern to you?
Doug Conant: I have absolutely no concerns about it. And we're built to compete with any simple meal. There's a clear reason that the soup category is the largest, fastest turning simple meal category in the store. And we are the leaders of the category; we can compete with condensed, we can compete with ready-to-serve and we can compete with broth. We just have to get the right success formula as the market evolves. And we have numerous opportunities in front of us to do that and I have no concerns about our ability to compete. To pick one quarter that's down 18% on ready-to-serve, when we could be celebrating that condensed is actually starting to show volume growth, which was a concern last year at this time, is just -- it's just premature. We've demonstrated the ability of this category to grow and grow in a very healthy way for an extended period of time and there's insufficient evidence to suggest that it won't continue to grow. But obviously we have to be more competitive and we will. We've got the margin structure. We've got the ability to compete. We've got the products. We've got the right category. We just have to be more effective competitors in this broader simple meal frame. As I said before, if we're guilty of anything, it was guilt -- we were guilty of focusing on competing in soup too much and not driving the category enough in this last quarter. But that's -- if there's anything we're guilty of, in my opinion, that's it.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Terry. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. So I guess, not to beat a dead horse on the ready to serve issue but --?
Doug Conant: Why not? Let's go for it. Aaron.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Al right. I guess where we start a little bit, you put a lot of resources behind upgrading Select Harvest and Chunky and obviously haven't yet really been paid for it. And I guess my question is, if you have to pull back on consumer marketing to fund higher trade spending, how can we get more comfortable with your ability to drive consumption going forward in terms of really growing the category?
Doug Conant: I have two thoughts. One is we've got -- I think we report our total marketing spend as a percent of sales around 25% that I think I'm close. We've got plenty of flexibility within the context of that budget to compete with anybody in the category. We have great EBIT margins. We have improving gross margins, so we should certainly have a margin structure that's more than capable of enabling us to compete. We also have a dramatically improved product line across the soup portfolio that gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to navigate these waters. And we have -- we have a track record of growing ready-to-serve soup that is nine of the left 10 years, we've grown the category, we've roughly doubled it in size over the last decade. And there's no reason on the strength of one quarter with a shift in Chunky promotional timing to become alarmed about it but we're built to react and respond and we'll respond and we'll get back on track again. I think it's -- personally, I think it's a hiccup in a quarter. What I'm most proud of is that we're delivering our quality – I mean, earnings growth, despite the hiccup which shows the vitality of the balance of our portfolio, the strength of our productivity efforts and the strength of our ability to manage our costs well, while we invest in all of our major strategic initiatives. So on balance, I'm very proud of the way the company has been able to post good earnings with a good earnings outlook, despite a hiccup in an important part of our portfolio.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for that. And is one quick follow-up in for Craig, you mentioned the inflation outlook, sounds like it's coming in a little bit better than what you had originally expected. Where's the real Delta versus what you thought six months ago when you first, when you first gave guidance?
Craig Owens: I think we've seen -- actually I think we've seen small movements across a lot of categories. Grain prices, while we knew they were going to be lower or probably even lower than where we are in the forecast at the time. Directionally, as I said in the comments on the quarter, vegetables, tomatoes and canned prices are helping push inflation up a little bit in the quarter but probably not at the same rate that we had in our original, in our original forecast. So it's not some dramatic turnaround or directional shift but really just somewhat more moderate numbers across the range.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Next question. Shaun?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Good morning.
Doug Conant: Hi. Chris.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Just wanted to ask you, this is one of the rare times when the IRI data looks somewhat indicative of what actually happened in the quarter. I'm just curious about the channel performance for serving condensed in the quarter. Was it pretty balanced across the various channels, even the ones we can't see in IRI?
Doug Conant: Well, as you know we're, we're not at a point where we talk about the channels but I think we're just going to have to stick with net sales are the best indicator. What I can tell you is that there's no evidence of any inventory build, either in our warehouses or in our retail warehouses. So you're seeing a pretty clean read from the net sales performance.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then I had a follow-up for you in and somewhat in relation to earlier questions but if I recall, you had shifted the timing of your promotion in soup spending to more closely align with consumption. So I guess I'm just trying to understand do -- we knew this quarter would be lower in spending, is that right and it picks up into Q3. Is that the way the spending shifted for the year?
Doug Conant: Well, we knew that promotional timing was going to shift because we have major promotions with certain customers which have to kind of go at their schedule, not ours. And so we knew the promotional timing was, was going to shift. But we don't provide any other guidance on --
Craig Owens: I think maybe your reference point is, particularly as we've talked about maybe the first quarter versus prior year, we talked about the fact that in the prior year, we had relatively front loaded spending because we were introducing three new lines and it's so relative to the prior year that we, that our spending had in fact shifted farther into the, into the season and less, less at the very beginning of the first quarter.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: And in relation to that Craig, that is correct, so if you kept your spending levels the same and Q1 was down, we knew that year-over-year it was I think expected, it was -- at least I thought Q2 would be higher. I think you're calling Q2 spending levels, were they down versus the prior year, your overall spending?
Craig Owens: I -- the answer is yes. The spending, overall spending was down but as we reported, impressions, advertising impressions were up because we got the benefit of the deflation and media rates and the benefits of our media mix. So we were -- we spent less but we got -- we had more impact.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer – UBS: Hey, guys.
Doug Conant: Hi. David.
David Palmer – UBS: Hey Doug. It sounds like broadly speaking there's been a reduction in promotion spending, some increases in consumer impressions through advertising. So there's been perhaps less push at retail and it feels like everyone on this call and I think broadly is wondering about your insights around consumer pull. Obviously you were focused on that and continue to be focused on that through heavy advertising budget. What in your research about attitudes and behaviors, what if anything is holding back consumer demand or pull for this category in your opinion?
Doug Conant: Well, I think you have to look at this. When we get into advertising spending, you have to look at it beyond the quarter. We just – we have a major re-launch with Chunky, where we're repositioning it beyond the NFL to a broader audience with a new message and we never expected this program to have immediate attraction in the first eight weeks of the advertising. It takes time to take a soup eating habit and help it evolve with our consumers. So we still have a lot of heart for what we're doing with Chunky in particular, but we just have to give it time to -- for the repositioning to get traction. And we're comfortable that it will. At the same time, we have to recognize that while we're trying to get traction with the advertising, we also have to be appropriately competitive with the promotion. It's pretty clear to us that in the second quarter we weren't. So that's what we have to address in the back half of this year as we go forward. It's just a question of recalibrating ourselves to deal with the competitive realities of the day, mostly in categories beyond soup because we have full visibility, as broad visibility as one can have within the soup category and feel very competitive on that front. In fact Chunky, as we see it, is the best performing ready to serve soup outside of private label, which is up only modestly. So the issue is not within soup, it's beyond soup and we just have to lift our game up, which we'll do.
David Palmer – UBS: You think there is maybe even a way to slice this demographically like that core meal consumer for that brand maybe going to other things or maybe even economic socioeconomic status, there's certain income groups that are maybe switching?
Doug Conant: I think -- quite frankly, I think we're reading too much into this. We didn't have the right promotions, we want it the right price other things where they bought other things during the holidays as they were focusing on getting great values from in-store circulars and we didn't have a presence there that was adequate. There's no reason that we can't, it's that simple.
David Palmer – UBS: Okay.
Doug Conant: It really is. And to read anything more into it in the quarter, we ought to talk about it at the end of the year and see how we hold up and look at it in the fullness of time here. But I'm comfortable we'll find our way through this. I believe that simply we didn't have the right promotional profile in the quarter and other, other compare more other items did and so we have to recalibrate and move on.
David Palmer – UBS: Okay. Thanks very much.
Jennifer Driscoll: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Thank you. And good morning, everybody. Might be helpful for me at least if you just, Doug, walked us back through sort of the strategy, the thought process coming into this season in terms of changing the promotional timing to remind us what that was again. That might help us understand things better? Thank you.
Doug Conant: Well, yeah. We -- it starts with a very unusual year ago, when we had the financial meltdown and everyone was concerned about what's going to happen in the economy and in consumer products and in consumer foods and in our case in soup. And we were in the middle of a major relaunch of really the weakest part of our ready-to-serve portfolio, which was our select portion. Where we competed directly with Progresso and we needed to relaunch that business and we had a major relaunch of select as select harvest in the first quarter. And it carried on into the first half and our focus was on getting that part of our portfolio well-positioned on the health and wellness front versus other alternatives within soup and we successfully did that. And incidentally, select is well above, in double-digits where it was two years ago before we did that relaunch. So we're holding on to a lot of those gains. That was the focus last year. This year, it was to improve the health and wellness credentials get the largest part of our portfolio in ready-to-serve well-positioned to compete in the long-term. And that was Chunky, where we went to a stronger wellness positioning, which was broadened a bit to still target men, but also to target families with teens. And so we planned on spending early to establish the awareness of that program and we did that in the second quarter with advertising, but we did for a variety of reasons, we didn't have the right promotional profile to help that advert -- to work with the advertising to make that proposition strong enough to be competitive in the second quarter. As some of our promotional partners we are choosing to pursue promotions of our products in other quarters. And so we just are in the process of navigating that now and obviously expect a much better third quarter than we had second quarter. And I -- as we ramp up the third quarter, I think we'll be having a different conversation and we'll be looking at this on a year-to-date basis in a much more comfortable way. But we just missed the promotional boat on Chunky in the second quarter. And that's the key challenge. As I said, select harvest versus two years ago with the relaunch is up. Our Healthy Request portfolio versus two years ago is up. Our reduced sodium and lower sodium products continue to have good traction in the market, they are up. Our condensed portfolio is showing its strength, it's up. Our broth portfolio is showing its strength over two years ago, it's up. And so overall we feel very good about soup, but it has been an unusual two years. And we just have to play through a hiccup in the second quarter on ready-to-serve. But overall, we feel very good about the performance of the business.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Maybe just as a follow-up. At your Analyst Day back in July and then unfortunately you obviously weren't there, but maybe I'll ask you. Do you feel like the categories at all structurally disadvantaged because a lot of the growth in the sectors coming from people coming back from restaurants into the supermarket and soup is a very small percentage of what's on a restaurant menu. And therefore, that consumers they are trying to replace not for meals it's necessarily thinking of soup when he's in the store and makes it harder for you to get that incremental occasion relative to some of the other categories, maybe like a frozen or something where that frozen represents what they were going to have outside of the home that they can't afford it anymore?
Doug Conant: I don't -- I have not seen any of evidence that's the case. The soup category continues to be larger than any of the other simple meals category in the center of the store. If that was the case, our condense soup buy and wouldn't be up or broth volume wouldn't be up. So I…
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Maybe specific to ready-to-serve then.
Doug Conant: Well, I think it's too early to call on the back of -- on the back of one quarter. Our Chunky business was up in the first quarter. Our select harvest business is up versus two years ago when we relaunched it. Our broth business is up, which is plays into ready -- interacts with ready-to-serve as well as condensed soup, which also interacts with ready-to-serve. I just think it, it's way premature to make any judgments on the ready-to-serve category based on one quarter. All that having been said, clearly we got to have cold eyed reality here, and it was a bad quarter. And it should be -- we expect it to be significantly better in the back half of the year. And I think somebody talked about beating a dead horse. I think we're pretty well there. I wish I could say more, I'm very comfortable. Our soup business is very solid, very strong and growth is very promising. We're the only ones with condensed soup in the -- only branded condensed soup alternative. And we're well-positioned to really drive the growth in that business, continue to drive the growth in broth and get back on the horse in ready-to-serve. There's -- we're very comfortable with where we are.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much for your response.
Jennifer Driscoll: You're welcome. Thanks, Vincent. Operator, Sean, another question?
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone.
Doug Conant: Hi, David. Do you have a question on ready-to-serve soup?
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: Doug, I actually did want to ask you just a general question on soup.
Doug Conant: Good.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: But the question really refers to -- I hadn't heard you mention this yet and I was hoping you could touch on pantry trends with the consumer. I know you guys have the proprietary data and it lags a good bit behind the actual answer. So even though you probably don't have an answer in hand, you didn't make any mention of the fact that the consumer may simply have stocked up less on soup for maybe economic reasons or something like that and there could be somewhat of a pantry answer kind of going on in the quarter. Maybe I'm reaching, but I would really like to hear your thoughts on that.
Doug Conant: Well, we don't have good visibility in the pantry action for the quarter. The pantry information we do have suggests that there's not a lot of change. I don't expect there's going to be a lot of change in the quarter. I think we just have a hiccup on promotional timing. We'll see, there's no evidence that they are shopping dramatically different in soup out of their pantry. So but we'll see. It -- by the time we have our third quarter call we should have our second quarter pantry information pretty well in hand and be able to talk about it in a fact based way.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: That would be great. If you could do so at the time, just one follow-up. Last year in the fiscal third quarter, Soup, Sauce and Beverage volumes in that segment, they were down 7%. I think at the time on that call and I didn't look at the transcript this morning from that call. But I think at that time on the call, you had -- there was a debate about whether or not it was inventory destocking from the retailers or if it was just simply lower consumer demand. I kind of think of one of those as a one-time issue and one of those as maybe an ongoing issue. That was the -- if I remember correctly, that was the worst volume performance of any particular quarter in fiscal '09. What was the post-mortem on that one? Was the minus 7% soup, sauce and beverage volume or was it more of an inventory issue with the retailers or a consumer issue?
Doug Conant: It was an inventory issue.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: That would be reason then why you are particularly optimistic about this coming third quarter, because the comp, I hate to use these words, but for clarity, it's an easy comp.
Doug Conant: Absolutely. And -- absolutely.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: Thank you.
Doug Conant: And quite frankly, the comps for the next four quarters are comps we ought to be able to perform.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: And we're going to go one at a time and we'll see what happens next quarter. But I totally understand where you're coming from. Thank you, Doug.
Jennifer Driscoll: Sean, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta with Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Good morning. Getting back to that dead horse again, Doug, you've done a good job of establishing, the, what happened in terms of the timing of promotional activity, but I guess I'm still a little bit confused on the why and the when. Given that your retail partners are planning promotions, sometimes two, three quarters in advance, when did you realize this and what kind of discussions did you have with the retailers that, hey, maybe it's not a good time to be shifting the timing of promotional activity when we're undergoing a major relaunch of Chunky?
Doug Conant: Let's step back a bit. And we're still holding our earnings guidance for the year, which we took up at the end of the first quarter and we're holding that for the year. We're playing through a hiccup on promotional timing, but we've had visibility into how the year was going to unfold for quite a while and we're managing it accordingly. The important thing about soup is we still have, as I think I mentioned earlier, we do about two-thirds of our business in the first half in soup, but then we do one-third in the second half and most of, a lot of that's in the third quarter. So from time to time, our promotions will shift from one quarter to another. And obviously they weren't in ready-to-serve. They weren't well established in the second quarter. So I would say that it's sort of naturally evolving. What I would say, though, is that the customers are behaving a little differently and they are scrambling, as are all the manufacturers who you heard at CAGNY last week, to find a way to hit their consumers at the right time, at the right way. And they are scrutinizing their promotional plan and changing things more frequently, as everybody is scrambling in a real tough economic environment. And so, we're all trying to feel our way through this. But I don't think it's anything that's structurally different. It's just a little more phonetic than it usually is. And I continue to believe we'll be fine at the end of the year. We've – at least – I'm going on my tenth fiscal year here and we've hit our numbers every year for the last nine. And I believe we'll hit it for the tenth and we'll be set up to have a very good year next year. So I'm very comfortable with our outlook. I take the issue of performance in the second quarter on ready-to-serve soup very seriously, but we'll manage through this.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay. And then back at CAGNY, you talked a bit about addressing the price value proposition in RTS. It seemed that your comments then were a bit broader in scope than just related to the timing of promotion for the second quarter. It seemed like it was a bigger strategic question. Wondering first of all, did I read that correctly? And second, when do you expect the promotional changes that you talked about at CAGNY and that you've alluded to today to start to take effect? Is that in the third quarter or is third quarter more of the tactical timing type issues and next year is the larger strategic repositioning that I think you alluded to at CAGNY at least, or I interpreted you as such?
Doug Conant: Absolutely. The whole CAGNY discussion was really about the strategic direction of the portfolio and the company. It wasn't about – it wasn't to discuss the second quarter. And we view this as a journey to improve our competitiveness with ready-to-serve and with our whole soup portfolio versus other simple meals. And so the conversation at CAGNY was all about improving both the numerator and the denominator in that equation. We have to have the bundle of benefits stronger and we have to have them available at the right price point in order to make this work. And so what we talked about at CAGNY was continuing to improve the health and wellness benefits of both Chunky and Select Harvest and in fact broth as well, as well as condensed soup. And as we improve – we believe as we improve the health and wellness benefits and improve our cost structure, we're going to be able to also improve our competitiveness in terms of our price points. So this is a long-term journey to make ourselves more competitive beyond soup. We're actually very competitive in soup. The challenge now is to make the soup category more attractive long-term, with stronger benefits, stronger positioning, more competitive pricing and with the wherewithal to do that. So the speech at CAGNY was all about the long-term vitality of the category. And as to when it starts, it starts now. We've strengthened the numerator in terms of our benefits with Select Harvest, with Chunky, with Healthy Request, with our broths, with condensed. Now we got to make sure we've got it available at the right price point to compete in this broader simple meals frame of reference, which we will do. And it will start now and it will continue as we go forward.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Jennifer Driscoll: We still have a few in the queue, but we're coming up on our hour. Let's just take one more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Good morning. Just one clarification and one question. Doug, when you're talking about the promotional calendar in ready-to-serve, you're talking about frequency or depth that had to be adjusted?
Doug Conant: Depth.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Depth.
Doug Conant: I'm trying to give a short answer, but that's not right. It's depth and frequency. Both are important. We've got to hit the right price points and we have to have them paced to be frequent enough to compete with this broader simple meals arena. To be clear, we have the depth and frequency necessary to compete in soup. It's not like private label's shooting the lights out in soup. It's not like any of the other branded competitors are either. It's not a within-soup issue where we're very competitive. It's beyond soup. And so we're having to redefine where we compete here and we will. So, it's depth and frequency versus other simple meals, not depth and frequency versus other soups.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay. And then just on condensed in the quarter, was there any change in promotional timing there, or was it really just on ready-to-serve?
Doug Conant: The most pronounced change was by far on ready-to-serve.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay. All right, great. Thank you very much.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for your participation in our earnings webcast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately two hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please contact Anthony Sanzio at 856-968-4390. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. This concludes today's program. You may disconnect. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-11-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll – Vice President Investor Relations Douglas R. Conant – President and Chief Executive Officer B. Craig Owens – Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer Anthony DiSilvestro – Vice President and Controller 
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch [Jeff Brown] for David Palmer - UBS Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Campbell Soup Company first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Ms. Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Driscoll:  Thank you operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company first quarter earnings webcast. With me here today are Doug Conant, President and CEO; Craig Owens, the CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Andy DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller.  Doug and Craig are our primary speakers for today’s call, while all three leaders will actively participate in our Q&A session here with me. Doug Conant will begin our call with his perspective on the quarter, then Craig will provide comments on our financial results for the quarter as well as more color on our updated guidance for fiscal 2010. Following their remarks we will take questions from investors and analysts. Similar to last quarter, we have created slides to accompany our presentation. You’ll find those posted on our website this morning. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors. Members of the media also are listening to the call. As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements, which reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company’s most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement.  Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, including the appendix, can be found on our website as well. In our remarks we provide earnings comparisons with fiscal 2009 results. As a reminder, this quarter we adopted and retrospectively applied new accounting guidance related to the calculation of EPS. This resulted in a $0.01 reduction of diluted net earnings per share and a reduction in diluted shares outstanding for both the quarter and full year of fiscal 2009. Our comments today are made in reference to the restated basis. Last, there were no items affecting comparability in this year’s first quarter. And with that I give you Doug Conant.
Douglas R. Conant:  Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. I’d like to share with you my perspective on the quarter. This morning we reported a significant increase in adjusted net earnings per share. All four of our segments contributed to the increase. I’m pleased with these results, especially in light of the challenging environment and the difficult top line comparisons we faced. In last year’s first quarter we had strong organic sales growth of a positive 6%, led by exceptional U.S. Soup sales growth up 12%. Our strategy last year in U.S. Soup was to get off to a fast start with our marketing spending, beginning in August, our first month, to support the launches of Campbell’s Select Harvest Soups, Campbell’s V-8 Premium Soups and Swanson Stock. This year our approach was to wait until October to step up our marketing support to very competitive levels. For the full year we expect to have good soup sales growth behind solid marketing support, although sales will flow a little differently by quarter. Our earnings increase in the first quarter was fueled by a significant improvement in margins led by productivity in our supply chain and some carry forward pricing. On top of quality productivity gains last year, we are continuing to advance our productivity efforts this year, leveraging them against a lower but still modestly rising cost inflation environment to improve our gross margin profile. Importantly, we delivered this earnings growth while continuing to invest appropriately in all of our key strategic initiatives related to our brands, our innovation, and our geographic expansion. Overall we are off to a good start in fiscal 2010. We’re confident in our expectations for the company over the coming year on both the top line and the bottom line. In terms of sales growth, we have benefits from currency as well as strong product news, quality value propositions and very solid, well paced marketing support across the portfolio. In terms of earnings growth, we expect to leverage our sales performance with an excellent cost management program. As a result of our strong start and our outlook for the coming three quarters, including currency, we’re raising our adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 2010 from our targeted long term guidance of 5% to 7% growth to the 9% to 11% range. We also increased our dividend last week, reflecting our optimism for the long term prospects of the business.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Craig for a deeper discussion of the quarter’s financial results and our updated expectations for fiscal 2010. Craig?
B. Craig Owens:  Thank you Doug. Good morning. I’d like to start by walking through the income statement with you and then provide some color on our results by segment before addressing our updated guidance. We reported first quarter net sales of $2.2 billion, down 2% versus the prior year. Organic sales adjusted for currency, acquisitions and divestitures declined by 3%. I’ll talk about this a bit more in detail in the segment discussion, but it’s important to note that as Doug mentioned we had a difficult comparison on the top line. Organic sales increased 6% in the prior year quarter. Currency trends have been favorable and contributed about 1% to the top line this year. The softness in net sales for the quarter was largely due to cycling the very strong results from last year, which were driven by front loaded product introductions and exceptionally strong marketing spending to support those introductions. We recognize the need for our top line growth to be volume driven and we have planned activity and marketing support in response to the consumers’ focus on value, and in support of our strong brands across all of our businesses. We expect to show positive top line growth for the full year. We have a broader than ever slate of innovation to support our growth plans. Chunky is the second biggest brand in our Soup portfolio and our biggest upgrade this year. Repositioning this soup as a meal that is both hearty and nutritious addresses key consumer needs. The Healthy Request upgrade of 25 SKUs also is a major initiative and is synergistic with the Chunky re-launch. We’re launching new Goldfish Cracker varieties with vegetables from Pepperidge Farm; new flavors in six packs, single serve cartons of V8 V-Fusion; and Tim Tam line extensions in Australia.  In addition, we have several initiatives aimed at growing our categories, our relating to the consumer search for good value and nourishing simple meal solutions. For example, we’ve re-launched our CampbellsKitchen.com website, offering recipes ready in half an hour for $10 or less. Last quarter the site attracted twice as much traffic as it did in the prior year, same period. The margin improvement noted in this morning’s results was driven by excellent productivity in our supply chain and a modest cycling impact from pricing taken early in fiscal 2009. Cost reductions from our supply chain productivity improvements contributed to our gross margin percentage, outstripping inflation for the quarter. We’re showing benefits from the work and supply chain supported by our improved systems infrastructure now that SAP implementation is essentially complete in North America. Inflation has moderated significantly versus last year, rising at just under 2% for the quarter. Rising costs for tomato paste and steel cans were partially offset by deflation in grain based commodities and energy costs.  Marketing and selling expenses were down as we activated programs related to the U.S. Soup business later in the year compared to the early activity against our three soup launches last year. This represents a pattern more in line with our historical practices. The decline also reflects lower media rates and reductions associated with the shift of resources from advertising to trade promotion in our Pepperidge Farm and Beverage businesses in order to improve our promotional pricing. Total marketing support, including trade spending, was comparable with that of last year’s quarter.  Savings in administrative expenses enhanced our performance this quarter also. Initiatives to reduce operating expenses began last year and are continuing. In the quarter, expenses were down 5% despite higher pension costs.  EBIT of $478 million rose 11% on an adjusted basis due to stronger results in all of our business segments. Margin improvements were the driver of the gains in each segment. Adjusted net earnings growth reflected the EBIT improvement as well as a 16% reduction in net interest expense as we continued to take advantage of the low rate environment.  Our tax rate was 32.6%, significantly higher than the 29.8% adjusted rate for the prior year when we benefited from the favorable resolution of federal and state tax matters. Adjusted EPS growth was 14% on a 4% reduction in shares due to our repurchase program.  Next I’d like to comment on the operating results of our reporting segments for the first quarter. Our U.S. Soup, Sauce and Beverage business had a net sales decline of 5% against very robust comparisons from last year. Sales growth was positive in the last part of the quarter as we activated our soup season marketing programs. The 3% decline in sales in our U.S. Soup business followed an increase of 12% in last year’s first quarter. Last year we had early introductory programs and shipped new SKUs in Select Harvest, V8 Soups and Swanson Stock. We supported these launches with robust marketing spending from the beginning of the quarter. On a two year basis, we have delivered a 9% increase in soup and we’ve held double digit growth over the two years in condensed soup and broth. Ready-to-serve soup sales are down 7% compared to the growth of 7% a year ago, as this was the segment most impacted by the timing of our marketing and introductory initiatives. Operating earnings for this segment rose 5%, with gross margin gains and reduced marketing expenses contributing to profitability. As part of that marketing expense decline, U.S. advertising expense was lower, driven by comparisons with last year’s first quarter, deflation in advertising costs and a more efficient media mix. Consequently, we believe that we have a good support for our brands including the re-launch of Chunky Soup. In Baking and Snacking, net sales for the first quarter grew by 4% due to currency and the acquisition of Ecce Panis. Organic sales for Baking and Snacking were flat, despite solid gains from Goldfish Crackers and from the Arnott’s business in Australia, which had increased sales of Tim Tam Biscuits. Excluding the acquisition, a decline in Pepperidge Farm reflected higher trade promotional spending to improve competitiveness partly offset by higher sales volumes. Earnings for the segment rose 20% due to margin gains related to the deflation in grain based commodities and currency, primarily a stronger Australian dollar. Net sales from International Soup, Sauce and Beverages declined 2%, with organic sales adjusted for currency and a divestiture declining 1%. Sales declines in challenging economies, particularly Germany, were partially offset by gains from Canada, where we benefited from growth in Soup and Asia Pacific where we had strong results in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Australia. Operating earnings for the International segment rose 16%, reflecting profitable growth in Canada and Asia Pacific, as well as the currency benefits. As we continue to advance our business building activity in emerging markets, we entered 22 Russian cities during the quarter, benefiting from our distribution relationship with Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company.  In North America Food Service, productivity improvements drove significantly better operating results, despite top line declines in a very weak away from home market. In the face of the downturn last year, the business unit sustainably lowered costs and expenses. The benefits of our plant closure in Canada, improved plant performance at our refrigerated soup facility and lower administrative costs all contributed to the better operating earnings. Before turning to our guidance, I’d like to comment on cash flow. In the quarter, cash from operations was a use of $36 million, including a $260 million contribution to our U.S. pension plan. Better performance in working capital, largely driven by inventory, contributed to cash flow. We repurchased 3 million shares in the quarter at a total cost of $94 million. We also invested $44 million in capital expenditures and paid a dividend totaling $88 million for the quarter. Last week we were pleased to announce an increase in our dividend of 10% to $0.275 per quarter based on our long term outlook for the business and our focus on total shareholder return. In summary, it was a good quarter for us. We entered the second quarter with momentum and we’re confident in our ability to deliver top line and bottom line growth over the course of the year. While much of our fiscal year depends on our performance during the next two quarters, our first quarter performance and favorable currency movement give us an improved outlook for the year. In light of all those factors, we now expect net sales growth of 4% to 5% and adjusted EBIT growth of 6% to 7%. Our revised guidance for adjusted net earnings per share is for 9% to 11% growth versus our original guidance of 5% to 7% growth.  In addition to the higher benefit of EBIT, our improved outlook for interest and taxes is reflected in this guidance. All of our guidance includes the impact of currency, and while we don’t explicitly guide against a currency expectation, at quarter end spot rates currency would have had a 3% to 4% favorable impact on net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS for the full fiscal year. On that note, we’ll conclude our formal remarks and take questions from the audience. Thank you.
Jennifer Driscoll: At this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. We would like to request that our callers limit themselves to one question and if necessary, one follow up question. This way we hope to respond to more callers and still end on or before 11:00 Eastern. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess my first question has to do with kind of the timing of the new product launches last year. You went into that in some detail, but I think that’s why the stock is kind of flattish versus a very strong market today. And maybe you could just give a little bit more detail as to kind of how some of the timing worked on the products. And then when you mentioned that the growth in the business is stronger as the quarter ended and as it’s moved into November, can you quantify that a little bit to give some comfort to folks that in fact the top line in the core Soup business is as strong as you say?
Douglas R. Conant: That’s quite a first question, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I have to start out somewhere.
Douglas R. Conant: Just reflecting on last year’s first quarter first, we had many new SKUs that were associated with our launch last year where we were cutting into the shelf at the end of July and going into the first week of August in Select Harvest, with our new Swanson Stock entry and with our V8 Soups. So there was a real emphasis on getting cut into the shelf early and establishing a beachhead there at the very beginning of the quarter. This year we’re basically flowing in inventory into Chunky with replacing the existing items with stronger entries, and we were simply waiting for that flow in to take place so that we could have at least 65% of the ACV established with the new Chunky items at retail. Our estimate was that that flow in would be activated by the end of September, the first of October. So we focused our spending against that anticipated flow in of product and it has worked out that way. We have had a very strong October on top of a strong October a year ago. I want to say soup sales were up about 10%. And we see momentum continuing into November. So we feel like we are now on track in terms of the soup performance for the year. Another benefit is that when we do our ROI analysis against our spending profile in soup, we get a higher ROI the closer we get to the actual soup season. So we learned last year while we did get off to a good start, we didn’t get the kind of returns in August and September from soup spending that we expect to get from October, November, December, January and February. So we think we’re doing it smarter. We think we’ll get a better return on our investment and we clearly have some momentum going into the second quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  And then just as a follow up on a somewhat unrelated I guess is, you know, for many years you talked about SAP as a you know capital item, and then obviously as an expense as you were rolling it through the P&L in the U.S. and Canada. And I think this is now two conference calls in a row where you’ve highlighted that actually SAP has been a benefit to margins and productivity. Can you give a little bit more detail on that? And then I’ll pass it on.
B. Craig Owens: Well, Eric, you know we’ve been talking about a lot of the work that we have going on in the supply chain. We talked last year at Cagney, we talked at the analysts day in July, and I guess while we do some analysis around what SAP is bringing directly and we feel very confident that we’re getting a payback on a pretty substantial investment that we did, the real power of SAP is as an enabler against some of these other things that we’re doing in the supply chain. It gives us better visibility, it gives us more standardized reporting, it gives us a more agile system. And so you know as time goes on it becomes harder and harder to tease out, you know, is this an SAP benefit per se or is this a benefit that’s enabled by SAP that really has to do with some of the initiative work we’re doing around you know continuous improvement programs that we’ve got in the plants? So you know I think as we move through time, the scorekeeping on SAP specifically becomes less and less meaningful and we just look at our enabler number. Our enabler number this year, this quarter was you know about 100 basis points ahead of the inflation number. And that’s partially of course because the inflation number’s down a little bit from where it was last year. But I think it also reflects the momentum we’re gaining in the supply chain with the work that we’re doing across the broad front.
Douglas R. Conant: And building on that, we do review all of our significant investments and SAP is certainly one of those. We do a regular review of how we’re performing versus our original plan. And I can assure you in that last review we were very pleased that we were actually exceeding our savings expected from SAP. So we’re well on the right track there, but Craig’s point is dead on. The going forward proposition is going to be to see that reflected in our enabler number going up and up over the next couple of years.
Jennifer Driscoll:  Okay. Thank you Eric for the question and Doug and Craig for your response. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I guess as you mentioned, at current exchange rates the implied benefit on your top line, at least at this stage for the full year, is around 3% to 4%. Does that imply that organic sales are expected to be somewhat lower than initial guidance suggested, if I’m reading that right? Or are you just kind of taking a conservative sort of view on that?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I’ll start and I’m sure Craig or Anthony will want to chime in. Andrew, in my nine years, this is the first time I’ve ever raised guidance in the first quarter. We have the two big quarters ahead of us, second and third quarter, and we have yet to see that play out. It would be premature in my opinion to take the sales guidance up any higher. I would say there might be upside versus that number, but we have to prove that we can deliver against it. So I think you could view this as a conservative assessment of our sales potential, but it’s early in the year. And I wouldn’t read anything more into it than that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  You made you know some pretty conscious decisions going into this year around value messaging for soup and funny in a sense how that’s playing out, if there’s maybe some specific examples you’ve got or metrics to sort of point out if that’s having the desired impact, because you know a lot of other food companies have of late started to raise promotional spending as you’d expect, given there’s some input cost flexibility. But it doesn’t seem like that volumes generally in the industry have really responded favorably to that. I’m trying to get a sense if you’re seeing something different in soup specific to your value messaging.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, on our front it’s a little early because we start. The key will be our second and third quarter performance. We didn’t start our fully integrated programming until October, where the value messaging was coming across in a 360˚ way with the consumer. The only thing I can say is we had a very strong October response and November is continuing to look promising. Ask that question, I shouldn’t suggest this, but ask that question of me next quarter and I’d better have a pretty good answer for you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I just had a question for you regarding the promotional environment. And I guess what I’m curious by is this extent to which that’s ticking up at all. And again you’re going against the period a year ago where you had some heavy initial launch spending. I guess related to that, I’m curious if you’re seeing more of your money pushed to ready to serve versus condensed? If you could maybe address that if you could, please.
Douglas R. Conant: What I think you’ll see as the year unfolds is that we will be competitive across ready-to-serve, condensed and broth. We have very competitive programming in place for all three. We believe that condensed is particularly well positioned in a value oriented environment to be very competitive. And personally I’m optimistic about our value proposition and promotional proposition in condensed, particularly our cooking soups, leveraging the Campbell Kitchen activity that we see, CampbellKitchen.com. So I’d say you can expect that we’ll be competitive across all three fronts.  And we are seeing very aggressive promotional activity, not just in soup but in the broader simple meal arena, where we’re competing with the likes of frozen entrées, side dishes and dinners, tri-packaged side dishes and dinners. And so that whole arena is competing pretty ferociously for that at home meal consumption dollar that tends to be rising as people are drifting back into home, away from out of home. So it’s very competitive. And we view it not just through a soup lens but through a simple meal lens.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Outside of soup you’ll see increased promotional spending in our beverage business as well as Pepperidge Farm as we’re trying to cater to the more value conscious consumer that’s out there.
Douglas R. Conant: Yes, it does go beyond soup. That’s a good point.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  The private label market share gains in condensed, I mean you’re doing relatively well there, especially against a tough comp a year ago. But is that something that’s requiring you to put a little finer point on those price gaps? Are you addressing that in some way? Or does this share gain bother you in any way?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Chris, we’re not going to get into the share discussion. We’re doing fine on condensed. But what I would say is we’re very attentive to price gaps and we’ll manage the price gaps to a place where we can compete with anyone in the category.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you Doug and also Anthony. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I just want to also make sure I understand the guidance. The impact of currency is quantified as 3% to 4% across sales, EBIT and EPS, but your guidance raise on the EPS line is a lot more than the guidance raise on the sales line. So it can’t be currency providing any leverage there. Can you tell us, Doug, is it the productivity that’s coming in better than you expected? And is that why we have an outsized increase on the EPS line? Then again, if I could just get you to comment on your core sales guidance for fiscal ’10, has your core sales guidance changed at all for fiscal ’10 versus three months ago?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I’ll just offer a brief comment and then I’m going to turn it over to Craig. As I mentioned earlier, this is the first time we’ve raised guidance in the first quarter, ahead of the heavy soup season quarters, in my nine years here. We’re hopeful there’s upside to it, but in terms of delivering our EPS guidance is heavily reliant on a solid sales performance but on aggressive cost management and some benefit from interest, taxes and currency. And on that I’ll just turn it over to Craig.
B. Craig Owens: Well I think that hits the highlights. The difference between the EBIT increase in guidance and the EPS increase in guidance is all related to tax and interest assumptions. I do just want to say on currency, just to get us all level set at the same place, our original guidance we said had an assumption in it of between 1% and 2% beneficial currency and while we’re not going to get in the business of specifically guiding against the currency assumption, if you look at spot rates at the end of the quarter and project those out across the full year, it would have a 3% to 4% impact. So you know as we’re trying to analyze the top line here, I mean we’re within a half a percent or so of reflecting currency difference into guidance difference. And I think as Doug points out, it’s awfully early to be changing guidance period, particularly at the top line as we enter soup season.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  People have been pretty disappointed with soup category performance over the past year or so. Do you think 12 months from now, Doug, that given where soup is positioned today from a value offering compared to other convenient meals, do you think that the soup aisle is looking well positioned over all compared to everything else that’s out there?
Douglas R. Conant: I think so. And I’m very optimistic on that front. The key for the last 52 weeks in our category, we had to lead unprecedented pricing to cover unprecedented inflation in our category. And we knew it was going to create some dislocation in the category in the near term. And the category growth slowed as a result of that pricing. We think we have that well behind us now, and we think we can manage in a more predictable fashion. So I think the pricing is right, I think the benefits the category offers are going to be very clear as we go through the year. So I’m optimistic about the soup category for the next 52 weeks, not only here but globally.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you, Doug. Our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a clarification on the cash from operations, I just want to make sure I heard this right, it was a use of $36 million but then there was a pension contribution of $260 million in the quarter?
B. Craig Owens: That’s correct.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  So it really would have been a source of $224 million in the quarter, if it wasn’t for the pension contribution?
B. Craig Owens: That’s right. And the favorable difference as you look at last year was all in better working capital performance, primarily in inventory.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  And so as we’re looking forward in terms of just thinking about cash flow balance, and it’s a pretty good start to the year, just looking back it looks like that’s the strongest first quarter of cash contribution you’ve put up in a while. So is there anything that we should think about going forward that will, you know, will inventory build or any other negative change in working capital? Or is there a chance that you could see you know maybe an upside in terms of cash in the balance of the year?
B. Craig Owens: If you look back historically, last year was actually not a very strong year for us in terms of our working capital management, and so we do have an expectation that across the full year we’re going to do a better job with working capital this year.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  And just in the inventories in the first quarter, is that reflective of a smaller new product pipeline or is it currency? Is there anything else there that was impacting inventory in the first quarter?
B. Craig Owens: Not really. Not anything that we’d call out that was peculiar or unusual about the quarter.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Jeff Brown] for David Palmer – UBS.
[Jeff Brown] for David Palmer - UBS: Could you discuss the sale of the [corn] from last year in Select Harvest and possibly if you could quantify that and how much that concerns you? And I guess a quick follow up to that also would be to what extent does it concern you regarding a possible year two follow through from this year’s Chunky restaging? And are you concerned at all about the sustainability of these initiatives?
Douglas R. Conant: No, we feel very good about both Select Harvest and Chunky. On the Select Harvest front we had a significant inventory build and a very strong, trial oriented program in the first quarter last year that started in August. And this year, the spending profile and the support program for Select Harvest is going to be spread differently through the fiscal year and without getting into spending by quarter, we believe that in the fullness of the year, Select Harvest is going to have a very good year. So I think you’ll see more of a quarterly phenomena than anything else. On the Chunky restage, this is very much of a flow in program with very few new SKUs. And we don’t expect the kind of inventory build we experienced with Select Harvest, so we expect a steady growth profile with Chunky. So we feel like we’re well positioned. We have the woman 35 plus targeted with Select Harvest, the men targeted with Chunky. Very good value propositions in both of them. We think we’re better positioned than any of the competition and we think it’s starting to show. And so we’re optimistic about the full year performance of ready to serve.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Doug. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: A couple of quick questions, productivity improvements, I noticed that in your 10-K that you released that I think in the last full year you got about 180 basis points of productivity improvement. That’s been running at that kind of level for several years. Do you envision that that’s going to continue this year as well?
B. Craig Owens: As we have said, our goal with the enabler program is broadly that we want to offset the inflationary cost of our various inputs. We were considerably ahead of that in the first quarter. We had about 170 basis points of gross margin contribution from the enabler program and you know that is roughly in line with the 180 that I think you’re referring to from the prior year. And that would be on the order of what we would expect for the full year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  And then on commodity cost inflation, I think you know in broad terms where we’re talking about a slowdown from very high single digits last year down to very low single digits this year, has that changed over the last quarter and can you actually quantify what the increase is likely to be this year at this point?
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think we’ve said we thought we’d be between 1% and 2% for the year. That still looks like about the right number. You’ve got on the unfavorable side or the increase side, tomato paste and tin cans. And we’re benefiting from actual deflation in some other commodities, particularly grains.
Douglas R. Conant: And that compares to, Anthony, what was it last year?
Anthony DiSilvestro:  The high single digits. 
Douglas R. Conant: Yes, it was 8% to 9% last year. So it’s down versus last year but still up versus last year overall.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you. And those answers were from Craig and then Doug. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Doug, if you go back over time, hopefully our figures are somewhat accurate, it looks like the cannibalization rate, if you look at Chunky versus Select Harvest and going back, Campbell’s Select you know looks pretty close to one on one. But going forward here, what we’re looking at more recently shows that it’s much better from your point of view, that if there is cannibalization indeed it seems to be lower this time around. So my question is do you look at it the same way? And is there something you’ve done this time to kind of minimize what might be a trade off there?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Terry, when we re-launched Select Harvest, we focused on a very different product proposition and targeted it at women 35 plus with all the benefits that those women were looking for. And we advertised it directly to women. And through a sharp distinction between what we were offering with Select Harvest targeted at women and Chunky targeted at men and larger families. And we’re seeing that play out in the marketplace. So we’re seeing if you will greater incrementality through better segmenting of our marketing proposition. And we expect that to continue.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  The other thing, you know, as you look at the general soup category, I guess this gets to Andrew’s question about the value messaging, it seems to already be taking place in the market share from what we can see in the sense that condensed seems to be gaining overall market share within the total soup category. Is that what you’re seeing as well? And you know if that is the case, how do you look at that? Is that something you would expect to exploit going forward?
Douglas R. Conant: Terry, it just makes sense. Condensed is the best value proposition. You get the same number of servings, you just add your own water instead of us shipping it to you. Condensed is far and away the best value proposition in the category. And it dwarfs RTF value proposition. And the products are improved and delivering against the health and quality benefits consumers are looking for. Plus they’re also leveragable in cooking, which is a growing at home experience. So condensed is perfectly positioned in this market to be the ultimate value proposition. And you know if we market it smartly, we should have a good run here and it should be advantage versus ready to serve.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you, Doug. Our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  You guys have talked a little bit about price capturing but I’m wondering if you can talk a little bit about price points. I’ve heard not just food companies but a lot of staples companies recently talking about the need to hit certain price points from a value proposition perspective to the consumer. I kind of get the sense that that’s definitely happening within the broader simple meal category, so you can you just talk a little bit to that issue?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Vincent, we’re well positioned on condensed soup too, depending on what our customers choose to do and whether they choose to have a loss leader or not. But we’re well positioned to be offering condensed soup under $1, with a good promotional price point. So we’re a natural in the simple meal arena. In fact, I don’t think you’re going to find a much better proposition in simple meals than condensed soup. On the ready to serve side, there’s easy opportunity for that to be attractive under $2. Still it’s twice as much as condensed, which is why we think condensed is such a great value. And occasionally we have our customers choosing to use register of soup as a loss leader and promoting it very aggressively at their expense. And the reason for that is the soup category is still the largest, fastest turning, most profitable category in the center of the store. So it’s very compelling for our customer to want to promote aggressively in that category to draw people into the center of the store. So we’re well positioned. There’s a reason for the customer to really want to push this category in a value oriented marketplace, especially going into soup season. So we think the prospects are very good for very competitive price points versus other simple meals, especially during the soup season through February, March.
B. Craig Owens: And as you get outside of soup, some of the shift of resource that we’ve seen from below the line marketing to trade promotion is exactly directed at that and Pepperidge Farm and Beverage, our attentiveness to both price gaps and price points that we think are important.
Douglas R. Conant: Right.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. And thank you Doug and Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi.
David Driscoll – Citi:  Craig, could you answer a couple of questions, specific questions? First the pension contribution, what’s your estimate of what the benefit to EPS will be this year because of that contribution?
B. Craig Owens: It’s worth about $0.03 and it’s been part of the expectation from the time that we gave our first guidance.
David Driscoll – Citi:  And interest expense and on share count, I assume that interest expense it came in more favorable than I thought. And I think, I can’t remember exactly what your guidance was, but I thought it was roughly flat but you look like you’re going to be down for the year. Can you give us anything more specific?
B. Craig Owens: Well we don’t give a specific guidance against the interest number for the full year. We continue to see some benefit to the really low rate environment. On the other hand, we have termed out some of our debt, so my expectation would be that for the full year, interest may be up very slightly versus prior.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. And I think we last stated, but hopefully that answered your question.
B. Craig Owens: If not, he can call you back.
Jennifer Driscoll: That’s right. Next question, please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research:  Just wanted to circle back on the question of your overall organic sales guidance. I know it’s early in the year, but this sort of gets back to the question that came out earlier of if your overall guidance went up by I think it’s about 1 to 2 points, and the currency contribution went up by, let’s see, you had something in there originally, let’s say it’s 2 to 3 points, does that not imply that your overall organic guidance ex currency is down?
B. Craig Owens: Well, again, Eric, the original guidance we specifically said that we were between 1 and 2 points of currency in the original guidance. And what we’ve said now is that we are improving our guidance and that at current spot rates, the currency impact would be between 3 and 4. So even if you assume that we are mechanistic in the way that we’re approaching the currency impact implied by the spot rate, we’re only talking about a half a point of difference, right? And actually that’s not precisely the way we’re looking at it. I think Doug was pretty clear earlier that at the end of the first quarter is not typically when we would even re-look at our guidance, given that we’re really just entering the soup season. So yes, there may be a little bit of conservatism in there, but I think we’re spinning around an awful lot over what really amounts to about a half a point here.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research:  And then I think you or Doug made a comment that you expect that overall soup sales would be up for the year. Could you give, since you do have a fairly sizable contribution from price given the timing of the price increase last year, could you comment a bit about your volume expectations for soup for this year?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it’d be premature to talk volume on soup for the year, but obviously we will get into this as we get into the soup season. The benefit of pricing really only hits this first quarter in any sizable way. And that was anticipated in our original guidance. So I just think we’re going to have to let the year play out. What I would say is my experience on this front has been if we give, given that soup is so essential to our performance as a company, if we give company guidance that says we expect the company to be up 4% to 5%, typically that suggests that soup should be up 4% to 5%. And we’re not relying that much on price this year, so we’ll have to wait and see.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. Thank you, Doug. And our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Doug, I guess I’m trying to get some perspective on if you’re seeing any change in trend and your premium part of your portfolio, I guess the microwavable platform is still pretty weak, the Pepperidge I think given crackers were kind of flattish this quarter, are you seeing consumers even getting weaker on the premium part of your business? And as you think about the microwavable platform longer term, does this weakness sort of change your long term strategy on that part of the business?
Douglas R. Conant: We are seeing value conscious shopping and some of our premium categories have been, growth has slowed. We see the Beverage category, the value added healthy beverage category, that we compete in particularly in C stores and small stores, we see that adversely affected by the economy. So our growth in V8 has slowed during this period of time. We’ve also seen slower growth in Pepperidge Farm in a couple of key areas as well. But overall, I think we’ve got a portfolio that’s largely anchored in value offerings, which is why we expect our overall performance to be above average.  On the microwavable front, I think it’s a very viable proposition on a couple of fronts. And it’s up to us to market it more effectively. First of all, I know it has brought in other generations of consumers that were lost to canned soup, particularly college students and young adults who are living in the microwave not in the kitchen per se. And we know we’ve picked up incremental consumption with the microwavable proposition. It is at a premium price, so it has seen a slowdown, hence we focus very aggressively on our value offerings with cans, but we think it’s a big marketing opportunity with microwavable to position it as the ultimate brown bag lunch, where you can have a terrific and healthy lunch in an on the go kind of format. And so we’ve got some what we think are very promising marketing plans for that line. Now I think it’s forever going to have a place in our portfolio, and as we get the value propositions right across our portfolio I think microwavable is going to be just fine.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  And then in terms of your distribution agreement with Hellenic in Russia, could you give us a little bit more color? I think you said you’ve rolled out to 22 cities. What’s the plan in terms of looking out over the next 12, 18 months and whether you’re getting a meaningful contribution on the volume side as you’ve gotten this relationship up and running?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we’re still very much in the formative stages of the relationship. We don’t expect meaningful sales volume that’s going to move the dial on this business on our overall company profile this year at all. We’re just establishing distribution and learning to work together to market the brand. We have only a few SKUs in place at this point, three. We have a pretty robust expansion plan over the next couple of years that will take those three SKUs and make them 10 to 20 SKUs and take these few cities and make them 100 cities over the next two years. But this is very early days and again we don’t expect any meaningful sales contribution from Russia this year. I think in the coming two to three years, we do expect meaningful sales growth, but it’s early days.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Doug. I think we have time for one last question and follow up.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I wanted to dig in a little bit more on advertising, just two facets of it. The marketing and selling expenses specifically. Within marketing and selling expenses can you sort of parse out that reduction for us? How much of that was advertising expense year-over-year and what the trend has been for the past year there? And within advertising, Craig, you mentioned you know a reduction rate. I guess I was just wondering if you could kind of quantify that and if you feel like the impressions you’re getting as far as advertising spending, not the shift to promotion and the price points you’ve talked about, but just thinking about that core advertising spend. Are you getting the same level or more impressions this year than you were last, if it is in fact a lower level of spend in this first quarter.
Douglas R. Conant : Jonathan, I’ll touch on the impressions but I’m going to leave it to Craig and Anthony to answer more completely your question on the advertising spend. There’s certainly been media deflation on the order of low double digits and as a result, between that deflation and our improved mix, we think our impressions in the first quarter although our spending was way down, our impressions are only slightly down. And we expect favorable impact from impressions second and third quarters. So overall, we think the spend is much more effective and more efficient than in the past. But Anthony, can you take the spend question?
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Sure. I mean as you saw, selling and marketing expenses are down versus the year ago quarter. And that is primarily due to lower advertising expense. As we’ve talked about it, in the year ago quarter we had significant spending associated with the launch of the new soup items. I would point out that if you compare it to two years ago, our advertising expense is actually up double digits in soup compared to that period. So the first quarter is a bit of an aberration compared to the very heavy spend of a year ago.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  And just one follow up, and this is probably more for you, Doug. If we go back to three years ago, the October ’06 quarter, that’d be Q1 fiscal ’07, it looks like marketing and selling expenses were $316 million. I guess when we think, we go forward, it seems like we sort of cycled high commodity costs and low commodity costs, and you kind of priced that back. It looks like that’s what happened in gross profit. Yet the growth in terms of absolute dollars in operating profit has largely been a kind of reduction in marketing and selling. And I wonder, have we reached a level now, you talked about efficiency that you’re comfortable with, like there’ll be no more reductions on an ongoing basis? Or is there more of a sort of decline in relative marketing and selling to come that’s going to expand margins?
Douglas R. Conant: The nature of this business is that there are quarterly moves, depending on the timing of new product introductions and the competitive activity. I think the way to look at it is over full years, not over quarters. And on a full year basis I think you’re going to see that we’ve had a pretty consistent level of spend against our total portfolio and against our soup business, which is well rounded, fully integrated, total marketing spend at a very competitive level as a percent of sales. And that includes our trade spend as well as our advertising and consumer promotion spending. I wouldn’t begin to suggest that you want to start reading the tea leaves on the quarters because they vary greatly as they do this quarter versus last quarter as it did versus three years ago. So I think you’ve just got to look at the total soup business as a full year business. And on that basis, our spending has been very consistent at a high level and very competitive with any other simple meal offering. That’s the way I’d look at it.
Jennifer Driscoll: Okay. With that we’ll wrap it up. Thank you Anthony and Doug for your answers there, and Craig for joining us and providing answers as well. As a reminder a replay will be available beginning in approximately two hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please contact Anthony Sanzio at the number 856-968-4390. Investors and analysts may call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081.  This concludes today’s program. You may disconnect and have a great Thanksgiving.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-09-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Driscoll – Vice President, Investor Relations  Douglas R. Conant – President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro –Corporate Controller B. Craig Owens – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi Investments Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Ms. Jennifer Driscoll, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jennifer Driscoll: [Good morning everyone and welcome to Campbell’s fourth quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. Doug Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer will have some opening remarks. Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller will discuss our results for the fourth quarter. And Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer will have some closing comments.] Following their remarks, as usual, we'll take questions from investors and analysts. Similar to last quarter, we have created slides to accompany our presentation. You can find those posted on our Web site this morning. A replay of our conference call will be available approximately two hours after our call completes. It will be accessible until midnight on September 18, 2009. Our replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1387520. You also may listen to a replay and view the accompanying slides by logging onto our Web site, www.campbellsoupcompany.com and clicking on the Web cast banner As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors. Members of the media also are listening to our call.  As a reminder, our presentation today includes certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance, including statements concerning the impact of marketing investments and strategies, pricing, share repurchase, new product introductions and innovation, productivity and cost savings initiatives, quality improvements, inflation, commodity hedging, currency translation, and portfolio strategies, including acquisitions and divestures and their impact on our sales, earnings, and margins. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to Slide 3 on the presentation or to the company’s most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement.  Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an Appendix to the slides accompanying the presentation. These slides, including the Appendix, can be found on our Web site as well.  And with that, I give you Doug Conant.
Douglas R. Conant: Thank you, Jennifer. It's good to have you on our team. Good morning everyone. Before I share a few thoughts with you on the highlights for the quarter and the year, I would like to personally thank all of you who sent me warm wishes for a speedy recovery after my auto accident. I am pleased to report that I am doing well, getting a little better every day. And let me tell you, it sure feels great to be back in the office again. Now I would like to provide my perspective on our fourth quarter and fiscal year performance. Overall, I am very pleased with our results for the quarter, including adjusted net earnings per share of $0.30, a 15% increase. We finished the year on a high note. Solid organic sales growth was driven primarily by a healthy increase in our U.S. soup business. We also, as promised, expanded our gross margin percentage through our pricing strategy and productivity gains. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to a good year and we look forward to fiscal 2010 with confidence. Now, let me share my perspective on the year as a whole. As with most companies, virtually all companies in our sector, we confronted a very challenging set of economic conditions and we still delivered our long-term target of adjusted EPS growth of 5% to 7%. At the outset of the year, as you recall, we thought we could deliver the 5% to 7% EPS growth, excluding currency.  Ultimately, we hit our targets, including currency. This performance was enabled by the agility and adaptability of our teams during the year, as we offset a number of headwinds, particularly negative currency impacts and high cost of inflation. Our growth was broad-based. U.S. soup sales increased 5%, an outstanding performance for our flagship business. Condensed soup led the way as our marketing efforts resonated with consumers who increasingly turned to Campbell soups as a key part of the meals they prepare at home. We delivered strong performance in our ready-to-serve soup business, mainly driven by the successful introduction of our Select Harvest line.  Our broth business also had a strong year in a very competitive category, highlighted by the launch of Swanson stock and the continued growth of the base business. In addition, our Prego and Pace sauce businesses performed well, as they were key elements of simple, great-tasting, and good-value meals at home. Lastly, our Asia Pacific business had an outstanding year, and Pepperidge Farm also delivered a very solid performance. I am especially pleased that we produced these results while continuing to invest for long-term growth. This past year we continued to drive and invest in product innovation, to enhance our infrastructure, and to advance our plans in emerging markets. All of which will help drive our future performance. Now you are familiar with our industry-leading efforts in sodium reduction. Health and wellness remains a highly relevant consumer trend. Our sodium reduction journey allows us to position soup as the ultimate nourishing and affordable simple meal. We advanced our wellness credentials in 2009 on this front and we will keep moving forward in 2010. Another key example of investing for the long-term growth lies in our emerging markets business, where we greatly enhanced our distribution capabilities this past year in Russia through the agreement with Coca-Cola Hellinic Bottling Company. Hellinic's distribution capability and execution standards in Russia provide a world-class complement to our consumer insight and soup expertise. Overall, fiscal 2009 was a terrific year for Campbell and I would like to thank our employees and our management team for delivering outstanding results in such a difficult environment. Now many of you have me emphasize the importance of being sustainably good. Over the last seven years we have delivered solid, strong, consistent business performance while making investments in our products, infrastructure, and geographic footprint to ensure that we will realize our mission of becoming the world's most extraordinary food company by nourishing people's lives—everywhere, everyday. Looking ahead, I am excited about the innovation we will bring to the market throughout fiscal 2010. We have an extraordinary team of engaged people, a portfolio of leading brands and strong plans for the year ahead. I am confident that all three of our core categories—simple meals, heavily anchored by soup; baked snacks, heavily anchored by biscuits and bakery; and healthy beverages, heavily anchored by vegetable-based beverages—are well positioned for good, continued performance in 2010 and I look forward to accelerating our performance in the years ahead as results of some of the investments I mentioned earlier. With that, I will turn the call over to Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I will be reviewing our financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. My review will begin with our consolidated results and then I will cover each of our operating segments. With respect to the financials, the current quarter and fiscal year have one less week than the prior period, which is negatively impacting growth rates. As a reminder, the results of our divested Godiva business are presented as a discontinued operation. There are a few items that impact the comparability of our results. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we announced a series of initiatives to improve performance and long-term profitability. We recognized expenses associate with these initiatives in the current prior fiscal year. Also, in the fourth quarter of 2009 we recorded adjustments related to commodity hedging and in connection with our annual testing of the carrying value of intangible assets, we recorded a pre-tax $67.0 million non-cash impairment charge related to certain European trademarks. The results I will present have been adjusted for the impact of these and other items impacting comparability, which are detailed in the non-GAAP reconciliation attached to this presentation. We will present organic sales results, which exclude the impacts of currency, M&A activities, and the impact of one less week as we believe this is a better indicator of our ongoing business performance. We will also present segment operating earnings adjusted for the items impacting comparability. In the quarter, we reported net sales of $1.528 billion, down 11% versus the fourth quarter of 2008. Organic net sales increased 2% in the quarter. Adjusted EBIT of $198.0 million for the quarter is flat versus a year ago, impacted by one less week and 6 points due to currency translation. Excluding the impact of one less week and currency, EBIT increased, primarily due to lower marketing expenses and a higher gross margin percentage. Adjusted net earnings of $107.0 million increased 11% versus 2008 due to the benefits of lower interest rates and a slightly lower tax rate in the quarter.  Adjusted earnings per share of $0.30 increased 15%. Our EPS result includes a $0.02 negative impact due to currency translation. For the fiscal year, reported net sales declined 5%, with organic net sales up 3%. Adjusted EBIT of $1.274 billion is flat to a year ago, also reflecting the negative impact of one less week and a 4 point decline due to currency.  Adjusted net earnings of $794.0 million are comparable to a year ago. Adjusted net earnings in 2008 include the $32.0 million from the ongoing operations of Godiva recorded in discontinued operations. By utilizing $600.0 million of the net proceeds from the Godiva divestiture to repurchase shares, the loss of the earnings is offset through lower shares outstanding. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.22 increased 6% versus 2008, despite a $0.09 per share negative impact due to currency translations. In the fourth quarter our reported net sales declined 11%, and as you can see on the chart, reflects the negative impacts of currency, one less week and acquisitions and divestitures. Organic net sales grew 2%, driven by our pricing actions taken earlier in the year to offset the significant levels of cost inflation. This organic sales growth of 2% reflects gains in U.S. soups, U.S. sauces, and Canada, which were partly offset by declines in North America food service and U.S. beverages. For the year, our reported net sales declined 5% and similar to the quarter, reflects the negative impact of currency, one less week, and acquisitions and divestitures. Organic sales increased 3% as growth in U.S. soup, U.S. sauces, and our baking and snacking businesses was partly offset by declines in North America food service, Europe, and U.S. beverages. For the quarter, our adjusted gross margin percentage increased from 39.1% in fiscal 2008 to 40.6% in the current quarter, an increase of 1.5 points and for the year increased from 39.7% to 40.2%, an improvement of 0.5%. The improved performance in both periods was driven by pricing and productivity improvements in excess of cost inflation. For the year, inflation in ingredients, packaging, and energy was approximately 8%. For the quarter marketing and selling expenses declined 21% from $263.0 million in 2008 to $209.0 million in 2009, due to lower marketing expenses, the impact to one less week, and the impact of currency. We reduced marketing expenses in our U.S. beverage and Pepperidge Farm businesses as we redeployed spending to promotional programs to address the price-value equation in these premium-priced segments. For the year, marketing and selling expenses decreased from $1.162 billion to $1.077 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency, lower marketing expenses, and lower selling expenses. While we increased advertising in U.S. soup to support the launch of our new soup items, we reduced marketing expenses in other businesses to fund increased promotional activity. Our total marketing support, which includes promotional spending, is up for the year, currency neutral, and is up about 1 point as a percent of list sales. For the quarter, administrative expenses increased $16.0 million to $184.0 million, due to higher incentive compensation costs, partly offset by the impact of currency. For the year, administrative expenses declined 3%, from $608.0 million to $591.0 million, primarily due to the impact of currency. Currency-neutral expenses are flat, reflecting our efforts to manage costs in the current economic environment. Net interest expense declined 39% in the quarter and 33% in the year as our debt portfolio was well positioned to benefit from the significant decline in short-term borrowing rates available to companies with strong credit ratings. In the quarter, our adjusted tax rate declined by 1.1 point from the prior year to 38.9% and for the full year the adjusted tax rate was 32%, slightly above the year-ago rate. Diluted shares declined 5% and 6% for the quarter and year, respectively, due to repurchases utilizing Godiva divestiture proceeds in 2008 and our ongoing strategic share repurchase programs. In our U.S. soups, sauces, and beverages segment, sales on a reported basis of $650.0 million in the quarter compares to $673.0 million in the prior-year period. Organic sales increased 4% in the quarter.  U.S. soup sales increased 7%, driven by growth in condensed, RTS, and broth. Our sauce businesses performed well, with double-digit sales growth in Prego pasta sauces and sales growth in Pace Mexican sauces. Beverage sales decreased due to lower sales of V-8 vegetable juice, reflecting higher promotional spending and reduced volumes as demand has been negatively impacted in the current economic environment, partly offset by strong gains in the sales of V-8 Fusion juice. Operating earnings increased to $148.0 million from $124.0 million in the year-ago quarter, an increase of 19%, primarily due to lower marketing expenses and an improved grossed margin percentage, partly offset by the impact of one less week. As I mentioned, excluding the impact of one less week in acquisitions, U.S. soup sales increased 7% in the quarter. Sales of condensed soups increased 4%, driven by significant growth in cooking varieties, benefiting from increased meals at home and growth in eating varieties. Ready-to-serve sales increased 14%, driven by growth in Select Harvest, V-8, and Chunky Soups. Driven by the successful introduction of Swanson stock and continued growth of aseptic varieties, broth sales increased 7%. Sales, mainly RTS and broth, benefited from a reduction in new item introductory costs as the year-ago quarter reflected costs associated with the launches of Select Harvest and Swanson stocks. We are very pleased with the strong performance of our U.S. soup business for the year. Excluding the impact of one less week and acquisitions, sales increased 5%.  Driven by a double-digit gain in condensed cooking and growth in eating varieties, condensed soup sales increased 6%.  RTS sales grew 4%, driven by the successful launches of Select Harvest and V-8 soups, partly offset by a decline in Chunky. Broth sales increased 8%, driven by our new sauce and stock lines and growth in aseptic varieties. On a reported basis, baking and snacking sales in the quarter of $466.0 million compared to $533.0 million in the prior-year quarter. Organic sales increased 1%.  Sales increased in Pepperidge Farms cookies and cracker business, driven by gains in Goldfish, partly offset by declines in our bakery and frozen businesses. Sales in our Arnott's branded business in Australia increased in the quarter, driven by gains in both chocolate and savory biscuits, partly offset by a decline in private label and industrial sales associated with a plant closing in Australia. Our biscuit business in Indonesia achieved significant sales growth. Operating earnings declined from $72.0 million to $69.0 million due to currency, one less week, and lower earnings in Arnott's, partly offset by growth in Pepperidge Farms. Sales in our international soup, sauces, and beverages segment of $289.0 million compares to $362.0 million in the prior year. Organic sales increased 5%, driven by growth in Canada, up double digits in soup, growth in the Asia Pacific region, driven by growth in Malaysia, and growth in Europe, driven by higher sales in Belgium, partly offset by declines in Germany. Adjusted operating earnings declined from $30.0 million to $19.0 million due to currency, one less week, and increased investments in emerging markets, partly offset by gains in Canada. In North America food service, sales in the quarter of $123.0 million compares to $147.0 million in the prior-year period. Organic sales declined 7% as the food service sector continues to be negatively impacted by the economy. Reflecting lower sales volumes, earnings declined from $7.0 million to zero in this non-seasonal quarter. Turning to the cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from operations of $1.166 billion compares to $766.0 million in the prior year. The prior-year cash flow reflects the negative impact of approximately $230.0 million of taxes paid in connection with the sale of the Godiva business. Adjusted for the tax payment, cash flow from operations improved versus the year-ago period. Capital expenditures increased from $298.0 million to $345.0 million, reflecting higher spending in the U.S. as we complete initiatives to increase the capacity of our U.S. beverage business and undertake improvements in our headquarters facility. Looking forward, we expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2010 to be approximately $350.0 million. In fiscal 2009 we repurchased 17.0 million shares at a total cost of $527.0 million under our June 2008 strategic share repurchase program and repurchases to offset the diluted impact of our stock compensation programs. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $2.573 billion compared to $2.534 billion a year ago, an increase of $39.0 million as cash from operations was sufficient to fund capital expenditures, dividends, and share repurchases. Now, I will turn it over to Craig.
B. Craig Owens: I would like to spend a few minutes looking forward to key topics in fiscal 2010 and discussing our guidance. As Doug mentioned earlier, we enter the new fiscal year with a great deal of confidence in our plans. We have a portfolio of healthy, well positioned businesses, we have a broad array of planned innovations, touching all three of our core categories, particularly soup. The restaging of our Chunky line, the launch of lower sodium condensed tomato soup, our new Select Harvest varieties and new light condensed soups are all part of our plans for a strong consumer offering this soup season. We are projecting moderating inflation, between 1% and 3% for the full year. This enables us to be less dependent on pricing and we anticipate driving sales growth, primarily through volume, as we indicated at our July analyst event. We continue to expect benefits from enabler programs and supply chain efficiencies. We also look for benefits from our SAP implementation and as a result, we expect to see another year of improvement in our gross margin percentage. These programs and efficiencies are important to us so that we can allocate resources to further innovation and long-term opportunities such as emerging markets. Due to our investments to date, we currently enjoy high awareness levels and an outstanding repeat rate in Russia, which we will begin to leverage through our distribution agreement with Coca-Cola Hellinic.  We remain optimistic about China and continue to invest in our current products and new product development, based on consumer insights. We expect the earnings impact from our total investment in emerging markets for fiscal 2010 to be similar to last years. Included in our guidance for fiscal 2010 is higher pension expense, which we alluded to at the end of the third quarter. Like many companies, we saw the global recession affect the value of our investment portfolios that fund the pension need. Our fiscal 2010 pension expense will rise on a year-over-year basis by approximately $30.0 million , or $0.06 per share. This reflects the contribution to our U.S. pension plans in fiscal 2010 of about $260.0 million. We assume currency will be slightly favorable for the year. As you think about the first quarter of fiscal 2010 keep in mind that we are lapping a tough comparison to a very strong first quarter in fiscal 2009, driven by especially dynamic performance in the U.S. soup business that year, where we benefitted from two prior pricing actions. However, we are confident that we will deliver on our plans for the full year and feel particularly good about the innovations for the entire soup season. In summary, based on all the factors I've discussed, we're looking for a revenue growth of 3% to 4%, adjusted EBIT growth of 5% to 6%, including the pension expense, and adjusted EPS growth of 5% to 7%. All of our guidance for fiscal 2010 in consistent with our long-term growth targets. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: A couple of things on the soup front as we enter the soup season, again, I know sometimes panel data can be somewhat misleading but I wanted to ask you two things. From our vantage point, it looks like Progresso, as we go into the series, appears to be a little more aggressive than normal, in some of the alt channels; I'm thinking there of Walmart. And the other thing I wanted to ask you about is just the microwaveable line. I know it is just a portion of RTS but it seems to kind of continuing a slump. If you could address those two things.
Douglas R. Conant: I suggest if you want any help on the Progresso plants, I can give you a phone number in Minneapolis where they'll be happy to answer those questions for you. We feel good, first of all, about our position here. Basically, as we said, we reported very good sales growth this past year in U.S. soups, and we also mentioned, separately, that retail inventories are down a little bit. And what that is suggesting is that it translated into very good consumer takeaway, all in. I wish we had a solution to help you between panel data, IRI, Nielsen, to make this more transparent. And I do want to mention that we are working against a goal of doing that. But overall, we feel very good about our sales and our consumer takeaway in U.S. soup. As in all soup seasons, there are ebbs and flows to our performance and our competitors' performances. We were very aggressive kicking off Select Harvest last year and so comparing our latest 4 or 12 weeks versus last year is not going to be particularly useful to you. In terms of microwavable, it is a segment that is premium-priced, by and large relative to the canned products, and it has been adversely affected as people have made more value-oriented choices, which have benefitted the canned businesses. For the whole segment, not just Campbell's. And as a result, the segment has struggled a bit. But the convenience factor is still valued. It is still driving incremental sales. And so we are comfortable with where we are. We expected to do better this year. But it is the one modest watch-out on an otherwise very positive story for our soup portfolio, a story that quite frankly, has never been better across all segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Your volume mix in the quarter was down 2%. The third quarter your volume mix was down. I know you said in fiscal 2010 that you should see a lot of the sales growth really coming from [inaudible]. Can you just give us your confidence level in terms of achieving that volume growth and what really needs to happen to get the volume growth to accelerate from the current pace.
Douglas R. Conant: First of all, when I look back over the last nine years, we've had a lot of, when we look at every year's annual guidance, whether it's performance overall or performance on key measures, when we've articulated a commitment to doing something, we've done it. So I have a lot of confidence coming in that we will deliver volume growth. The key challenge last year was we had, as you know, unprecedented inflation pressure that drove us to take some incremental pricing actions that were not originally contemplated in our plan. And as we all know, you take those pricing actions, they can have a short-term impact on volume. We have worked through all that now and as we get into, particularly the second and third quarters, but partially the first quarter, we expect that pricing to all be bedded down and us to be able to look at an improvement in volume. We've seen that in prior years and I think the key is that we expect less pricing volatility than we experienced over the last two years with the crazy inflation environment we were in.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: And just a quick question on guidance, as it relates to currency. If we look at spot rates, it actually seems like currency should be a much bigger benefit than the slightly favorable comment that you made. So, when you think about 3% to 4% sales growth, then 5% to 7% earnings guidance this year, is that on a constant currency basis and how should we think about currency impact on that number?
Douglas R. Conant: To be completely clear, as we said even last year when we went through so much negative currency headwind, our long-term growth model targets assume currency in. So in other words, we believe that over time the ups and downs of currency, particularly in the developed markets, will mostly offset themselves and in the less developed markets that we need to be seeking acceptable return on dollar-based investments. And so, over time we believe we can hit top line EBIT and EPS growth, currency included. Last year we had a very negative dislocation with currency and we communicated that we were still confident in being able to deliver our EPS growth, currency neutral. In the event, we delivered our EPS growth, currency in. We had some favorability in interest expense, and ex the 53rd week, we even delivered our top line growth, currency in, inside the range of our long-term growth target. This year our plan assumes, as we said just a minute ago, a slightly favorable impact from currency and that we will be able to deliver given that within the guidance that we have given.  The currency rates, as you know, over just the last few weeks have been fairly volatile and now, I agree with you, if you look at current spot rates, it would be more than slightly, and so our guidance includes an assumption of slightly currency.
B. Craig Owens: And hopefully there is some upside to that, be we have a long way to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to ask kind of a big picture industry question about consolidation. Obviously a lot of headlines out there this week and I'm curious to get your view on whether we're about to see a big wave of M&A in the space and how you see Campbell Soup fitting into that picture.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I don’t have a crystal ball here. Personally, I believe, as I have shared with all of you before, I believe in the power of more focused food companies where the management team is very focused on a few core categories and developing world-class capabilities in those categories. That is our strategy. That somewhat flies in the face of a position of larger diversification and large-scale mergers. So I think we're better positioned to deliver our numbers and to create shareholder value in the near term and the long term, just the way we're positioned today. It will be interesting to see how the environment shakes out. There are several companies that are looking to improve their performance in the near term and they make some decisions that I might not make. But in our case, Campbell's case, we are very happy where we are.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: On the inflation of 1% to 3%, that's probably the lowest that I've seen within the peer group and I come out entirely intuitive when I think about your mix of inputs. Is it fair to say that a lot of that difference might just have to do with maybe some unfavorable hedging in fiscal 2009?
B. Craig Owens: Yes. Clearly, as we said several times in 2009, our input costs were impacted by some hedging activity that we did. So I think that assumption may be right, with respect to our numbers. I can't comment on anybody else's. I know, certainly across the sector, there were other people that were suffering from the same problem with respect to hedging, just because there was such a drop in commodity prices early in the year.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Just trying to understand a little better why the administrative costs were up so much, especially when you factor in the extra week last year. There's a bit of an interesting distinction with the incentive comp just in that some of your competitors are cutting back in that area and it seems like you must have increased it fairly significantly in the quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Well, we had an adjustment in the quarter because the quarter finished the year higher than our previous projection and so we adjusted the compensation rates accordingly. If you look across the full year, our administrative cost performance was good; it was about flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I have a question about the outlook on margins. The margins came out very nicely this quarter. They were up phenomenally last quarter as well. It seems as though as we look out to 2010 you are talking about pretty flat marketing expenditures. I'm assuming that productivity savings are still coming through. I think you'll have some carry-over from the pricing that you took in the February/March time frame, which should give us positive price in the first half of the year at least, and you've got this moderation in commodity cost and I believe a similar level of investment in emerging markets. Are you comfortable that you're going to see pretty solid margin expansion through the course of the year? Is there anything else that I'm kind of missing out on that might be weighing on margins?
B. Craig Owens: I think you mentioned most of them Alexia. The only thing I would add is that we continue to have, as we said in July at the analyst event, when we had a lot of focus on our supply chain, we continue to see strength in our supply chain efficiency programs, in our enabler programs, benefits from the SAP implementation. We will have the first full year of benefit from the beverage capacity implementation that we've done in our Texas plant and the aseptic line implementation that we've done in North Carolina in 2010. So all of those things play into it, too, but your list was a pretty good one, generally.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And just a real quick follow-up. You mentioned the year end [inaudible] and then the cost of new item introductions and how that plays favorably for ready-to-serve soup this quarter. Will we see any sort of impact negatively next quarter from the re-launch of Chunky, or is that all a whole different ballgame because it's just replacing existing product?
Douglas R. Conant: That's the answer. There was no new item introduction cost, sliding cost, associated with the Chunky re-launch because we were replacing existing items, which contrast versus prior year where we were launching a whole new Select Harvest line at a higher sliding cost. That's the only difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: I wanted to explore your thoughts a little bit further on unemployment and its effect on the company. I believe the number was quantified for the last soup season at perhaps a benefit of around 1.5 points. But that was offset by the price and volume elasticity. Unemployment rates just keep going higher. Job losses continue. Certainly that seems to be the schematic at least for the next several quarters. How do you view the benefit of unemployment as regard to the impact on soup volumes for the coming soup season?
Douglas R. Conant: I wasn't there so Craig will have to answer it, but I will tell you, conceptually, the soup portfolio is well positioned as the value item. We are really focusing on driving volume through value offerings this soup season. So broadly speaking, I think we're going to find ourselves in a positive position there.
B. Craig Owens: I don't recall that we correlated very specifically unemployment rates and soup sales. Obviously unemployment is one of the things that we look at in terms of the general health of the consumer out there, but recognize that as you look across our line, as we did say in Maxton, we've got some pieces of our business that actually benefit somewhat from a more difficult economy, and of course other pieces of our line that suffer from it. So I wouldn't get too precise in trying to correlate unemployment rates with our expectations on soup. We continue to be very focused on the value proposition as we recognize that the consumer is under significant pressure in this economy, unemployment being part of that pressure. Both the reality of people being unemployed and the concern and pressure on those who still have jobs but are concerned about increasing unemployment rates. So I would stay away from some sort of false precision around the correlation, but say that we view this year's economy, economic assumptions in 2010 and the U.S. economy, are somewhat similar to the way we viewed 2009.
Douglas R. Conant: We do have maybe a tailwind in this regard in soup, but we have headwinds in this regard in our food service operation relying on improved away-from-home eating, our premium-priced beverage business has seen pressure during this economy, as it has in prior recessions and difficult financial times. And our Pepperidge Farm business, although it grew, it grew at a much slower rate this year, as the premium nature of that portfolio was pressured more than it had been. Although, again, we did grow that portfolio. So there are puts and takes here. Overall, we feel very good about the portfolio and our ability to grow it.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: What did you say for the marketing spend outlook for 2010? And also interest expense guidance for 2010?
B. Craig Owens: We didn't give any specific guidance on either marketing or expenses. We said we thought we would expand our gross margin and that—there's implied expansion in our margins between the 3% to 4% top line growth and the 5% to 6% at EBIT.
Anthony DiSilvestro: On the interest expense we would expect some fairly upward pressure as a result of two things. Some long-term financings that we've recently completed as well as some expectation for some upward pressure on short-term rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: I know that earlier in the year you had some disconnect between your shipment volumes and consumer takeaway related to retailer inventory destocking. When you look at the overall soup season as a whole, did consumption, by your measures, pretty much track sales or was there any net effect for the year?
Douglas R. Conant: Just to reaffirm, we had good sales growth. We were 4% to 5% on an adjusted basis, adjusting for the 53rd week, and we have retail inventories that went down. So it suggests that consumer takeaway was very solid and we were very satisfied with it.
B. Craig Owens: The full year impact of the retailer destocking was not very significant in our numbers across the full year. But it was, as Doug says, the inventories were slightly lower at the end of the year than they were at the end of last year.
Douglas R. Conant: And certainly I guess my point would be that there was no—we didn't increase sales by building customer inventories. So you can take the 5% to the bank and if it went through and there is no meaningful inventory change, it would suggest that there was very good consumer takeaway.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: As I look to your fiscal 2010 top line guidance of 3% to 4%, and I looked at variance components, you are talking about volume being the primary driver, so assuming volume is up, assuming some sort of positive impact from FX and some sort of positive impact from the carryover of pricing, since you raised your promoted price points towards the middle of last fiscal year, it seems to me that 3% to 4% could be conservative. Could you give us a break down as to what you're looking at in terms of pricing versus volume contribution to that 3% to 4% top line?
B. Craig Owens: I think we don't want to slice the part into all those pieces. We've said that we thought that volume would be the primary driver of the top line and I think I'll leave it there. As I said earlier, on the FX, our assumption is slightly positive but not as positive as the current spot rate.
Douglas R. Conant: And we're not going to get into any pricing discussion in a forward-looking way. So we're just going to stay clear of that.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Certainly looking in track channel data we've seen continued private labels share gains in the condensed category. Wondering whether you could put that into a broader context and what actions you are taking this year to manage that. I know you clearly have a dominant share position relative to your only competitor, private labels, but what actions are you doing to offset that, in addition to your innovation and the like?
Douglas R. Conant: I guess the place to start is the momentum we have got in condensed soup. We reported 6% sales in soup and there wasn't much of an inventory build, that 6% looks pretty good relative to the way the category performed, so we're very satisfied with our position with soup. And then we're building on it nicely with the launch of our lite, condensed soups. First ever breakthrough there with the launch of our reduced sodium tomato product and the promotional support behind that, along with a re-launch effort around our Healthy Request line, which cuts across all of our condensed soups. So the key to our success is to leverage the tailwind that is going on with at-home eating and with our branded presence in condensed soup and then continue to innovate in key areas, which the key area for us in condensed soup is in cooking and in wellness. And we are fully loaded. I'm very comfortable that we will be able to compete there. My sense is the pressure is going to be on other ready-to-serve brands that aren't meaningful differentiated. If the condensed segment grows I suspect the pressure will be on other ready-to-serve brands that don't have a clear reason for being.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: I wanted to talk a little about advertising. I know, Craig, you said you didn't want to get too specific about how we pull apart the components for next year but just two questions. I know currency has impacted this big relative decline in selling and marketing expenses. Is it possible for you to break out like a constant currency sort of decline in relative marketing expenditure for this quarter? First of all.  And then second of all, as we look forward to next year, Doug, we talked about how advertising you thought would still be up for the year, despite these second half declines. Would you forecast any kind of increase for next year, and if some of them were negative?
Douglas R. Conant: First of all, it's not going to be helpful to look at the fourth quarter. It's the smallest quarter, it's not indicative of anything other than year end close. I don't recall the exact comment on advertising spending, but my recollection is it was around our soup spending and our soup advertising was up for the year. The way I view our marketing spend, and we have got to be careful with it because you remember what a crazy year it was a year ago at this time, in October, November, December, and costs were going up, pricing had to be effected, everybody was managing their P&Ls very carefully. We ended up having to shift some of our advertising spending into the close-in and promotional spending to be competitive and to meet some of the competitive activity. The way I'm viewing this past year, I think Anthony talked about it, spending as percent sales, our total marketing spend, which is our advertising and our trade, was at 23.1%, which up a full point versus the prior year. But there was a mix shift there because we had to meet some close-in promotional challenges. I think within the context of better than that 23.1% spend, we have enough resources to support our advertising and our trade, and that's contemplated in our plans. We're not going to break those apart for you.  But if we can, on a steady state basis, go forward with 22% to 23% to 23.5% of list sales spending we have found over the last nine years that I've been here, that we can be competitive and grow our top line around 3% to 4%. So that's the way we're viewing it. We're not going to get into breaking the pieces out or forecasting spending. I would like to say the market is now nice and easy to predict but it's just not. So that's the perspective we have.
B. Craig Owens: I think that's the right answer. If we had broken it apart at the same time last year, then we wouldn't have diluted it because we reacted to the market as we came through the year. So exactly as Doug said, we re-deployed assets in a way that matched the need in the marketplace. Just to touch on a couple of the technical pieces of your question, I think there was about 3% of currency is what said in the fourth quarter impacting the marketing line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities.
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities: On Pepperidge Farm, you mentioned the trade down and that seemed to be very prevalent earlier in fiscal 2009. It's uncontrollable but it's a bit of a headwind against that brand being a little more premium-positioned and having some trade down. Has that effect diminished at all lately?
Douglas R. Conant: We're very competitive in the space. And we did grow Pepperidge Farm last year, top and bottom line. So we feel very good about it. The growth slowed relative to prior years. Even in a tough year we've got a great brand and we actually are seeing a little better traction of our brands in Pepperidge Farm right now. So knock on wood, we should have another solid year in Pepperidge Farm.
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities: I'm thinking back to a couple of years ago when it seemed like the pricing and promotional setup for the 60s were somewhat locked in, for lack of a better term, from kind of this point forward until you get through the bulk of the 60s. And last year it seemed like it was a little more dynamic where you could react on the fly to the things that you saw in the marketplace. Could you comment on whether things are still a little more dynamic or are we kind of back to things being locked in a little bit?
Douglas R. Conant: Broadly speaking, our soup programs for the year with every customer are presented to that customer for the full fiscal year, certainly through the soup season, which goes through February. And typically will run through the beginning of our fiscal year, but really don't get up and running until September. And that has been true every year, and depending on the customer, it gets hard, if not impossible, to move things around because then they plug those programs into their planning. And soup happens to be such a large important category for them, they are reluctant to make many changes. My hypothetical answer to your question regarding last year is that I think last year got so crazy, not only for us but also for our customers, that we were collaborating together to try and find ways to keep the category healthy and help the customers meet their needs. And everybody was a little more flexible last year. But by and large, I think you've got to contemplate that the programs you put in place are the programs you have, in the soup business. Now there is more flexibility in some of our other categories that operate on shorter lead times. Our Pepperidge Farm business and some of our other categories are a little more flexible but soup is by and large, as a rule, not very flexible.
Operator: Your final question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If we look at the volume loss in the U.S. soup, sauces, and beverages, could you help us understand where that was concentrated or whether it was spread across the segment.
Douglas R. Conant: Without looking at the numbers, the key area that we had in U.S. soup, sauces, and beverages, beverages were soft, particularly V-8, where we were premium priced and we're addressing that this year through our marketing programs. Overall, for the year and for the quarter, the beverage business has been the challenge for us.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would add that our Prego and Pace sauce businesses performed very well with volume gains.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Were your soup volumes up or was there any weakness in a particular part of soup?
Anthony DiSilvestro: The part of soup was noted on the call. Our microwavable platform continues to be softer than the rest of our portfolio. But the rest of the portfolio held up well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So the rest of the portfolio grew but you had negative mix from the convenience platform.
Jennifer Driscoll: We appreciate all of you for your participation in our first quarter earnings Web cast. As a reminder, a replay will be available beginning in approximately 2 hours. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Anthony Sanzio. His phone number is 856-342-4390. Investors and analysts with questions can call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. And this concludes today's program.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leonard F. Griehs – Vice President Investor Relations  Douglas R. Conant – President & Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro – Vice President & Controller B. Craig Owens – Chief Financial Officer & Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Palmer - UBS Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Edgar Roesch - Soleil David Driscoll - Citi Investments Alton Stump - Longbow Research 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Leonard Griehs, Vice President Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Good morning everyone and welcome to Campbell’s second quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. Doug Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer will have some opening remarks. Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller will discuss our results for the second quarter. And Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer will have some closing comments. Then we’ll follow with a question-and-answer session. Our financial results, press release and supplemental schedule were issued earlier this morning and they’re also posted on our website. Our call this morning will take approximately one hour. It will be available for replay approximately two hours after the call is complete through midnight, March 2, 2009. The replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or 1-703-925-2533 and the access code 1331351. You may also listen to a replay by logging onto our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com and clicking on the webcast banner.  As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media. Our discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s expected future business and financial performance, including statements concerning the impact of marketing investments to strategies; pricing; share repurchase; new product introductions and innovation; cost savings initiatives; quality improvements; inflation; commodity hedging; currency translation; and portfolio strategies on sales, earnings, and margins.  These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the company’s most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings for a list of factors that could cause the company’s actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement.  This discussion includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures, the most directly comparable measures. That is available on our Investor website.  Now let’s begin with remarks from Doug Conant.
Douglas R. Conant :  Thank you Leonard and good morning everyone. Despite a tough economic environment we delivered a solid first half across most of our businesses, both in North America and international. In fact, our international businesses had a particularly strong quarter.  We also had a strong first half in U.S. Soup and a good second quarter in the midst of retail inventory reductions that impacted the sales of U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages by about three percentage points. In particular, retail inventory reductions had a more pronounced impact on our Condensed Soup and Sauce businesses.  From a consumer perspective, consumers have clearly responded well to our focus on wellness and quality and to our increased marketing spending behind soup. From a total company perspective, in the first half we modestly increased our marketing support beyond our typical target spending range as we launched major product initiatives such as Select Harvest, V8 Soup and Swanson Stock, and as we opportunistically increased our value campaign surrounding Condensed Soup. Now some of our businesses are clearly feeling more of an impact from the recession. Certainly that’s true of Foodservice, Beverages and Premium Breads. All that said, I expect that overall we will weather the storm better than most companies, given our focused portfolio and our relative brand strength. Most of our categories are growing and our businesses are performing very competitively within those categories.  Bottom line, I believe that our portfolio continues to provide great value and in particular I am especially pleased to see the consumer response to our business propositions and our spending continues to hold up quite well.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Anthony for his detailed remarks.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Good morning. Before I begin I would like to comment on the basis of presentation of our results and items impacting comparability. The results of our divested Godiva business are reported as discontinued operations on the income statement. In the current and prior year quarter, we recognized items associated with the Godiva divestiture which are impacting the comparability of our results. I will highlight those items. In April, 2008 we announced a series of initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability, including the divestiture of certain Salty snack-food brands in Australia; closing certain production facilities in Canada and Australia; and streamlining our management structure. During the second quarter of fiscal 2009, we recognized $8 million, $5 million after tax or $0.01 per share of accelerated depreciation and other exit costs in cost of products sold, bringing the first half total to $15 million, $10 million after tax or $0.03 per share. As discussed during our last call, beginning in fiscal 2009 unrealized gains and losses on commodity hedging activities are recorded in unallocated corporate expenses and the volatility associated with the unrealized scanner loss will be treated as an item impacting comparability. In the second quarter, there was no change in the aggregate of unrealized losses which remained at $26 million, $16 million after tax or $0.04 per share. Adjusted net earnings per share in the quarter were $0.65 compared to adjusted net earnings per share of $0.69 in the second quarter a year ago. For the first half of the fiscal year, adjusted net earnings per share were $1.41 compared to adjusted net earnings per share a year ago of $1.39.  Let’s begin our review of continuing operations for the second quarter. Net sales for the quarter decreased 4% to $2.122 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 3%. Price and sales allowances add 9%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 3%. Currencies subtracted 5%. Divestitures subtracted 2%.  Gross margin for the quarter was $837 million compared to $889 million in the prior year. Gross margin percentage for the quarter was 39.4% compared to 40.1% a year ago. The current year included $8 million of costs related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiencies and long-term profitability. After adjusting for this item, gross margin was $845 million and the gross margin percentage was 39.8%. The decline in gross margins was primarily due to cost inflation and increased promotional spending, partially offset by higher selling prices and productivity improvements. Marketing and selling expenses decreased from $319 million a year ago to $315 million, due to the effect of currency, partly offset by higher advertising principally in our U.S. Soup and Sauce businesses.  Administrative expenses were $138 million compared to $141 million in the prior year quarter. The decline was primarily due to the impact of currency, partly offset by increased costs to establish our businesses in China and Russia. Research and development expenses increased $2 million to $27 million. Other expense was $2 million compared to $4 million a year ago. Earnings before interest and taxes were $355 million compared to $400 million in last year’s second quarter. After adjusting for the previously mentioned items, EBIT was $363 million as compared to $400 million in the prior year quarter, a reduction of 9%. Five points of this decline is due to the unfavorable impact of currency. The balance of the decline is due to higher advertising and lower gross margins. Net interest expense declined to $25 million from $42 million in the prior year, due to the significant decline in our short-term borrowing costs. The tax rate in the second quarter was 30.6% compared to 27.4% in the prior year’s quarter. Excluding the rate impact of the items impacting comparability, the tax rate for second quarter was 30.8%. The prior year quarter included a $13 million tax benefit from the favorable resolution of a state tax matter. Excluding this item, the tax rate in the year-ago quarter was 31.0%. Average diluted shares outstanding declined to 362 million from 386 million, primarily due to repurchases utilizing net proceeds from the divestiture of the Godiva business and our strategic share repurchase programs.  Earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $229 million or $0.63 per share compared to $260 million or $0.67 per share in the year-ago quarter. The current year included $5 million of costs or $0.01 per share related to the initiative to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. The prior year quarter included a $13 million or $0.03 per share tax benefit from the favorable resolution of a state tax matter. After factoring these items into the reported results, adjusted earnings from continuing operations in the current quarter were $234 million compared to $247 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.65 as compared to $0.64 in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were negatively impacted by $0.04 from currency translation. The growth in adjusted EPS benefited from a significant decline in average diluted shares outstanding, which resulted from the repurchases utilizing net proceeds from the divestiture of Godiva and the company’s strategic share repurchase programs. Earnings from discontinued operations in the second quarter were $4 million or $0.01 per share, reflecting an adjustment to the taxes on the previously recorded sale of Godiva. This compares to earnings of $14 million or $0.04 per share in the prior year quarter. The prior year earnings included $5 million or $0.01 per share of costs related to the sale of the Godiva business. After factoring this item and the current year tax adjustment into the reported results, adjusted earnings from discontinued operations were zero compared to $19 million or $0.05 per share in the year-ago quarter. Net earnings per share, which includes both continuing and discontinued operations for the quarter were $0.64 compared to $0.71 a year ago. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability, adjusted net earnings per share in the second quarter were $0.65 compared to $0.69 in the year-ago quarter. Reflecting the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, adjusted net earnings per share for the quarter were negatively impacted by $0.04 from currency translation. Now let’s turn to year-to-date performance beginning with continuing operations. Net sales decreased 1% to $4.372 billion. The change in sales for six months breaks down as follows. Volume mix subtracted 1%. Price and sales allowances added 8%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 3%. Currency subtracted 3%. Divestitures subtracted 2%.  Gross margin declined from $1.781 billion to $1.708 billion. Gross margin percentage declined to 39.1% from 40.4%. The current year included $26 million of unrealized losses on commodity hedges. The current year also included $15 million of cost related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. After adjusting for these items, gross margin was $1.749 billion and gross margin percentage was 40.0%. The decline in gross margin percentage was primarily due to cost inflation in excess of pricing. Marketing and selling expenses increased from $615 million a year ago to $622 million due to higher advertising, principally in U.S. Soup, partly offset by reductions due to the impact of currency and lower selling expenses. Administrative expenses were $278 million compared to $282 million in the prior year. The decline was primarily due to the impact of currency, partly offset by increased costs to establish our businesses in China and Russia. Research and development expenses increased $4 million to $56 million reflecting increased new product initiatives. Other income of $2 million compared to other expense of $4 million in the prior year. Earnings before interest and taxes were $754 million compared to $828 million in the prior year. After adjusting the current year for the previously mentioned items, EBIT was $795 million as compared to $828 million in the prior year, a decrease of 4%. Three percentage points of the decline is due to the translation impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar. Net interest expense was $57 million compared to $84 million in the prior year. The decline was generally due to the generous decline in our short-term interest rates. The tax rate was 29.8% compared to 29.0% a year ago. Excluding the raised impact of the items impacting comparability’s, the tax rate for the first half was 30.2%. The prior year included the $13 million benefit from the state tax matter. Excluding this item, the prior year tax rate was 30.8%. Earnings from continuing operations for six months were $489 million or $1.34 per share compared to $528 or $1.36 per share in the prior year. The current year included $16 million or $0.04 per share of unrealized losses on commodity hedges. The current year also included $10 million of costs or $0.03 per share related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. The prior year included the $13 million asset from the state tax matter. After factoring these items into the reported results, year-to-date adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $515 million in both years. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.41 as compared to $1.33 a year ago. The year-to-date negative impact of currency translations on adjusted earnings per share was $0.05 per share. The growth in adjusted earnings per share benefited from a decline in diluted shares outstanding from 387 million to 364 million, primarily due to repurchases utilizing net proceeds from the divestiture of Godiva and the company’s strategic share repurchase program. Earnings from discontinued operations in the first half were $4 million or $0.01 per share, reflecting an adjustment to the taxes on the sale of Godiva. Earnings from discontinued operations in the first half of 2008 were $16 million or $0.04 per share. The prior year included $5 million or $0.01 per share of costs related to the sale of the Godiva business. After factoring these items into the reported results, adjusted earnings from discontinued operations were zero compared to $21 million or $0.05 per share in the prior year half. Net earnings per share, which includes both continuing and discontinued operations, were $1.35 per share compared to $1.41 a year ago. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability, adjusted net earnings per share in the first half was $1.41 compared to $1.39 a year ago, an increase of 1%. For the first half, the negative impact of currency translation on adjusted net earnings per share was $0.05 per share. U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales for the second quarter rose 3% to $1.128 billion from $1.093 billion in the year ago quarter. Here is the breakdown of the change in sales. Volume and mix subtracted 3%. Price and sales allowances added 10%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 4%.  Let’s touch on a few highlights. U.S. Soup sales increased 4% with condensed up 1%, ready-to-serve up 7% and broth up 3%. U.S. Soup sales, especially condensed, were negatively impacted by reductions in customer inventory levels. Condensed sales increased due to gains in cooking varieties, reflecting the increase of in-home dining occasions in the current economic environment. Ready-to-serve soup sales increased due to the successful introduction of Select Harvest and V8 soups, and gains in Chunky cans, partly offset by a decline in the convenience platform which includes soups in microwaveable bowls and cups. The Wolfgang Puck Soup, Stock and Broth business, acquired in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year, contributed modestly to soup sales growth in the quarter. Broth sales increased reflecting the successful introduction of Swanson Stock, partly offset by increased promotional spending in response to competitive activity. Beverage sales grew slightly following double-digit growth a year ago. The increase was driven by continued double-digit growth of V8 V-Fusion Juice and growth in V8 Splash, partly offset by declines in V8 Vegetable Juice and Campbell’s Tomato Juice. Prego Pasta Sauce sales increased while sales of Pace Mexican Salsas were flat versus the prior year quarter. Both Prego and Pace sales have been significantly impacted by reductions in customer inventory levels. Growth in consumer take-away of these products remains strong, driven by Prego Heart Smart varieties and Pace specialty sauces. Operating earnings decreased to $270 million from $286 million. The decrease in operating earnings was due to higher costs including advertising associated with the launches of Select Harvest, V8 aseptic soups and Swanson Stocks, both offset by increased sales. Sales for the first half rose 6% to $2.326 billion from $2.190 billion a year ago. Here is the breakdown of the change in sales. Price in sales allowances added 9%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 3%. Let’s touch on a few highlights. U.S. Soup sales increased 8% with condensed up 8%, ready-to-serve up 7% and broth up 13%. Sales of condensed soups increased in both cooking and eating varieties. Ready-to-serve soup sales increased due to the successful introduction of Select Harvest and V8 soups, partly offset by a decline in Chunky canned and the convenience platform. Broth sales were driven by the continued success of our base business and the introduction of our Swanson [inaudible]. The Wolfgang Puck Soup, Stock and Broth business contributed modestly to soup sales growth in the half. Beverage sales grew slightly following double-digit growth a year ago. The increase was driven by continued double-digit growth in V8 V-Fusion Juice, partly offset by declines in V8 Vegetable Juice and Campbell’s Tomato Juice. Prego Pasta Sauces and Pace Mexican Sauces sales increased.  Operating earnings for the first half declined to $584 million from $595 million as an inflation driven decline in gross margin percentage and higher levels of marketing associated with the new product launches were only partially offset by higher sales. Baking and Snacking sales in the second quarter declined 10% to $440 million from $491 million in the year-ago quarter. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 1%. Price and sales allowances added 9%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 2%. Currency subtracted 8%. Divestitures subtracted 8%.  Pepperidge Farm sales increased driven by growth in the cookies and crackers business and the bakery business. Sales of cookies and crackers increased driven by double-digit gains in Goldfish Snack Crackers and Milano Cookies. Sales also benefited from the introduction of Baked Naturals. Bakery sales increased due to gains in whole grain bread varieties and swirl breads.  As reported, Arnott’s sales declined due to the divestiture of certain Salty snack food brands in May, 2008 and the unfavorable impact of currency. Excluding these factors, sales increased due to growth in all segments; savory, chocolate and sweet. Sales of our biscuit business in Indonesia also grew strongly.  Operating earnings decreased to $53 million from $68 million due to a decline in Pepperidge Farm and the unfavorable impact of currency, partly offset by significant growth in Arnott. The current quarter included $2 million in accelerated depreciation and other adds of cost related to the previously announced restructuring program. Sales for the first half declined 7% to $949 million from $1.023 billion a year ago. The change in sales for six months breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 1%. Price and sales allowances added 9%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 2%. Currency subtracted 5%. Divestitures subtracted 8%. Pepperidge Farm sales increased, primarily driven by growth in both the cookies and crackers and bakery businesses. As reported, Arnott sales declined due to the snack foods divestiture and the unfavorable impact of currency. Excluding these factors, sales increased due to significant growth of Savory cracker varieties. Sales of our biscuit business in Indonesia also grew strongly. Operating earnings for the first half decreased to $136 million from $140 million due to the negative impact of currency translation. Excluding currency, significant growth in Arnott was partly offset by a decline in Pepperidge Farm. The current year included $2 million in accelerated depreciation and other aggregate costs related to the previously announced restructuring program. International Soup, Sauces and Beverages sales for the quarter declined 16% to $391 million from $458 million in the year-ago quarter. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 5%. Price and sales allowances added 5%. Decreased promotional spending added 1%. Currency subtracted 13%. Divestitures subtracted 3%. In Europe sales declined, primarily due to currency; the divestiture of the company’s French Sauce and Mayonnaise business in September, 2008; and lower sales in Germany. In the Asia-Pacific region sales increased primarily due to gains in the Australia Soup business and in the Malaysian business, partly offset by the unfavorable impact of currency. In Canada sales declined, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of currency, partly offset by gains in the Soup business.  Operating earnings decreased to $50 million from $61 million a year ago, due to the unfavorable impact of currency. Excluding the impact of currency, operating earnings increased in Europe, reflecting the benefit of our cost savings initiatives and in Canada, primarily offset by costs to establish our businesses in Russia and China. Sales for the year-to-date period decreased 9% to $771 million from $848 million. The change in sales breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 2%. Price and sales allowances added 4%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 1%. Currency subtracted 8%. Divestitures subtracted 2%. Excluding the impact of currency and divestitures, sales increased as gains in the Asia-Pacific region and Canada were partly offset by declines in Europe.  Operating earnings for the first half decreased to $88 million from $112 million a year ago due to the incremental costs to establish businesses in China and Russia and the unfavorable impact of currency, partly offset by gains in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. North American Foodservice sales for the quarter declined 7% to $163 million from $176 million in the year-ago period. The change in sales breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 9%. Price and sales allowances added 6%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 1%. Currency subtracted 3%.  Sales were significantly impacted by weakness in the Foodservice sector. Operating earnings decreased from $20 million to $10 million. The current quarter included $6 million in accelerated depreciation and other adds of cost related to the previously announced restructuring program. The remaining decline was primarily due to lower volumes. Sales for the six months decreased 5% to $326 million from $342 million in the year-ago period. The change in sales breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 8%. Price and sales allowances added 6%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 1%. Currency subtracted 2%. Operating earnings decreased from $44 million to $21 million. The current year included $13 million in accelerated depreciation and other exit costs related to previously announced restructuring program. The remaining decline was primarily due to lower volume. Unallocated corporate expenses decreased from $35 million a year ago to $28 million in the current quarter. The decrease was primarily due to the lower expenses associated with the SAP implementation in North America. For the first half, unallocated corporate expenses increased to $75 million from $63 million a year ago. The increase was due to $26 million of unrealized losses on commodity hedging included in the current year, partly offset by lower SAP implementation costs. Now let’s turn to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations for the first half was $418 million compared to $442 million a year ago. The decline in cash flow from operations is primarily due to lower net earnings. Capital expenditures were $98 million compared to $90 million in the year-ago period. We now expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2009 to be approximately $370 million. During the first half we repurchased 9 million shares at a total cost of $295 million. Total debt was $2.711 billion compared to $2.756 billion in the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents were $80 million as compared to $95 million in the prior year. Net debt was deduct cash and cash equivalents from total debt was $2.631 billion versus $2.661 billion, a decrease of $30 million.  This concludes my discussion of our results. Craig Owens will now have some closing comments.
B. Craig Owens :  Thanks for that review, Anthony. Well I’m pleased that we delivered slightly better earnings per share in the second quarter and first half than we had projected in December. The main reasons for that were a lower than expected tax rate and an especially favorable interest expense. I want to specifically comment on our margin performance in the U.S. Soup, Sauce and Beverage segment because I know this is getting some very understandable attention. Consistent with our plans, margins declined in the first half due to several factors.  First, our results to date reflect the significant cost inflation which accelerated in the back half of last year. While we’ve taken pricing, this is not sufficient to fully offset inflation in year-to-date. Second, we’ve launched several major new product initiatives including the launch of Select Harvest, V8 Aseptic Soups and Swanson Stock. Marketing costs including advertising and trade as planned negatively impacted first half margins. These factors are temporary and we fully expect margins to recover going forward, beginning in the second half of this fiscal year. As we ramp for significant inflation of last year and achieve the benefits of price realization, gross margins will improve. We should see some further cost advantage late this year and in the next fiscal year as unfavorable commodity hedges mature. Marketing activity will remain fully competitive, but with the major product launch activity behind us, it will be lower in the second half. Given our better than expected first half EPS performance we expect on adjusted and currency neutral basis our EPS will be at the upper end of the range of the 5 to 7% with the adjusted base of $2.09. We expect sales growth to be consistent with our 3 to 4% long-term target and we expect earnings before interest and taxes to be slightly below our long-term target of 5 to 6% growth. A quarter in rates exchange, our sales, EBIT and EPS growth rates would all be negatively impacted by approximately five percentage points due to currency translation. That’s a dramatic single year impact that we have not been able to fully offset. With that I’ll turn the call back to Len and we’ll move to Q&A. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs:  [Devon], you can start the Q&A and I’d just like to ask one thing before we start. We’d like each of you asking a question if you could limit yourself to one question and one follow-up on each of the responses so we can make sure we get through everybody.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  I guess I think as of last quarter you had been looking for flattish gross margins for the year. I was just trying to get a sense of whether that still held. And given you had pricing that was very solid in both the fiscal 1Q and 2Q I guess I’m surprised that gross margin improved a bit sequentially given the significant shipment volume deceleration. So I want to get a sense of why volume de-leveraging didn’t hurt margins more or maybe it did and there was some offset that came up in the second quarter that helped you.
Douglas R. Conant :  Andrew, at a high level I will tell you that we do expect to see gross margins very solid for the full year. So that implies we’re going to continue to have growth in the second half. Anthony or Craig, do you want to get at the – a little more detail to it?
B. Craig Owens :  Sure. I mean, on a full year basis we expect growth margins to be ahead of the prior year. And to your question about volume, we did actually see a negative impact on margins due to the volume related to the inventory reductions and that’s reflected in our U.S. Soup, Sauce and Beverage segment results.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  Was there something that helped offset that relative to the first quarter? Because you had good pricing in both first and second quarters.
B. Craig Owens:  No, there wasn’t anything extraordinary underneath that.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay. Next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I guess my question has to do with the trade de-loading, Doug, and how much impact that had on soup. I think you gave a 3% hit for the entire division, but can you be more specific as to what happened in soup? And you also kind of suggested that that was below I guess your consumer off-take was better, and maybe you could give us some sense as to what that means.
Douglas R. Conant:  Eric, the information we provided was that there was about three points of sale lost to this inventory reduction. And it happened in our warehouse businesses, which would land it squarely in our U.S. Soup, Sauce and Beverage categories. It was most pronounced in our U.S. Soup and Sauce businesses. And it was even more pronounced, surprisingly to me, in condensed soup and sauces where consumer demand was actually increasing. We have great visibility into this because we have good consumer CRM capability in terms of consumer replenishment, excuse me. So we have visibility into the dynamics of the categories. The retailers simply cut back pretty much across the board and then tried to respond if they had particular shortages they tried to respond in a very surgical way. But basically they made cuts across the board and it transcended any one particular customer. It happened in multiple customers.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I know you have difficulty in kind of giving out the detail on consumption, but it seems to me that if there was ever a point in time to give it out it would be about now. So can you give us some sense as to what – assuming that you can now ship to consumption in the second half, can you give us some sense as to either how much better soup should be on the top line, either soup specifically or the division?
Douglas R. Conant:  The answer probably won’t be fulfilling and definitely won’t be fulfilling enough for you, but I tend not to get into quarters too much, especially in the soup business because you sort of have the seasonal run there. But I would tend to look at the half and say soup sales were up a solid 8% for the half and I think whatever inventory reductions that have happened are – it’s about as low as we’re going to go. So I would expect in the second half sales and consumer takeaway to be parallel. And we’re optimistic about our second half sales performance in soup.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay. Next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Just a follow-up on Eric’s question on the de-load, can you give us a sense as to – it sounds like not very much took place in baking and snacking. Can you give us any sort of broad sense from a retailer perspective but how they’re picking categories or I know that you were surprised about condensed given the takeaway performance, but is there any rhyme or reason as to what’s taking place here as far as you can tell?
Douglas R. Conant:  Well, just to expand a little bit, it’s on warehouse delivered products. So if you have DSC products which we have in our bakery business with Pepperidge Farm, that’s never in the retailers inventory, in their warehouses. So that fundamentally was not a part of their exercise. That’s why Pepperidge Farm being DSC was excluded. Also whatever DSD work we do with our venture with Coca-Cola Enterprises in Beverages is unaffected by what retailers are doing in their warehouses.  That’s why it was most pronounced in our Soup and Sauce businesses. My sense is – and you’d have to ask the retailers this, that they made some pretty broad cuts in their warehouse businesses with specific inventory goals in mind as they wrapped up their year-end, and that they surgically responded when they had to, only when they had to. My instinct is there was more out-of-stocks than we have experienced in the past, especially in soup, especially with the inclement weather we realized in January. But we don’t have great data on that yet. We will.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay. Next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS.
David Palmer – UBS:  You guys seem to get very good trial from Select Harvest. I’m wondering if you might be able to give us some numbers and just your overall judgment about repeat on Select Harvest, therefore helping us getting a feeling of your confidence on the sustainability and future profitability of that brand. Thanks.
Douglas R. Conant:  Sure David. You’re right. Trial has been quite good. Repeat is also very much on our projections, so we expect Select Harvest to continue to contribute incrementally to our growth. It’s right in the sweet spot in terms of the consumer interest in wellness, particularly women 35 plus. And it’s also delivering on a value proposition with that target. So we’re ahead of the curve on trial. We’re meeting expectations on repeat. And we’re continuing to support the brand. So expectations are that it will grow and become an increasingly meaningful part of the portfolio.
David Palmer – UBS:  And just a technical question here, tight interest rate, I had had somewhere a little bit below 4% in the quarter. Maybe that’s right or wrong or you know you can tell me what you think yours was, but whatever rate you calculate it at is that sustainable for Campbell? Does this number include some currency impact? Perhaps there’s a significant portion of flooding rate debt. Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Douglas R. Conant:  David, we all missed the beginning of that sentence. Somehow there was a glitch in the line.
David Palmer – UBS:  Oh. The beginning is I calculated your implied interest rate at a little below 4% for the quarter. Basically just trying to get some color around the interest cost for Campbell. Does it include some currency impact at hedges, significant portion of floating rate debt, any color about interest costs going forward would be helpful.
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, the biggest impact there is just the really low commercial paper rates that we’re realizing, David. I don’t think there’s a significant movement related to currency in that number.
David Palmer – UBS:  And so including CP, what percent is effectively floating rate? Do you have that at your fingertips?
Douglas R. Conant :  Yes, we’ve got about $800 million in commercial paper out of the total.
B. Craig Owens :  Yes, David, just a reminder we did refinance that $300 million during the quarter that we had in commercial paper, so that did impact. Gave us lower rates, too, in the quarter.
Douglas R. Conant:  Our average floating rate debt in the quarter would be a little higher than it was at the end of the quarter given the refinancing.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay Devon next question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  Yes, question on the outlook on promotional activity and volumes going forward. It seems as though I guess quite naturally there’s been a step-up in pricing. That’s been matched to a certain extent – or not matched, but there’s also been a step-up in promotional spending over the last couple of quarters. How are you thinking about that back half or in fiscal ’10 with regards to those two factors?
Douglas R. Conant:  Clearly as we expand our gross margin we’re going to be getting more traction with our pricing and it does put some of the volume growth at risk. And we’re just going to have to manage that very carefully as we go through the back half. We do expect to see – we’re confident in our margin expansion. We expect to hold onto the volume, but we’re going to get our margins right in the back half.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  In terms of your guidance for the full year it sounds like you’re – hello?
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes we’re here.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Okay. Sorry. It sounds like your sales growth outlook is a little bit lower than before and I presume that that’s all just because of the inventory de-stocking in the second quarter, but you’ve also talked about improved margin outlook for the full year. So I was hoping if you can just kind of clarify how you’re thinking about guidance because you are taking the 5 to 7% now up to the high end of that range. And is that mostly interest expenses or is the margin also improving at the same time?
Anthony DiSilvestro :  Judy, you’re right. The top line guidance is slightly lower and it is largely associated with the retailer inventory de-stocking that we saw in the second quarter. The fact that we’ve been able to move the bottom line guidance up is really sort of the same dynamic that we saw in the quarter. We had some better below the EBIT line dynamics related to interest cost and taxes.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  In the press release though you called out improved margin outlook as part of the increase in guidance. Is it just mostly interest expenses?
B. Craig Owens :  No, that would go to the operating performance. As you noticed we pulled the sales guidance down a little bit but maintained the EBIT guidance. Therefore by definition those margins come up a little bit as a result of some cost saving initiatives that we have undertaken. And the EPS outlook also does reflect some favorability on interest expense.
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, Judy, we have taken an incremental cut at our overhead expenses and done some significant belt-tightening. And that was not in place in the first half of this year. That will be reflected on our second half performance. That’s giving us increased confidence on the margin for EBIT margin performance. And then the softness that Anthony alluded to relative to our earlier discussions, we are just trying to be realistic about the performance of our Foodservice business in the back half, our Pepperidge Farm Bakery business and our V8 Beverage business. So we’re calling down rates of growth there slightly and as we tighten the margins we’re also trying to tighten the range around our expectations for sale.
B. Craig Owens:  So as you step down through the three elements of our guidance, slightly softer at the top line offset by the time you get to EBIT by tighter expense control and slightly better margins and then improvement at the EPS guidance because of the better interest.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Doug, just from our numbers it looks like you’re doing a pretty good job outperforming the competition at Wal-Mart. I’m just trying to get a handle there on how you know Wal-Mart’s trade practices – their trade inventory practices, you know it seems you’re doing so well there I’m just wondering if how big a factor were they in the de-loading versus some of your other big accounts here domestically?
Douglas R. Conant:  Terry, as you know we don’t comment on specific customers. I would say that this was across several major customers and was not – it was not specifically identifiable with one particular customer. I would also say that any customer that has a value-oriented proposition they’re taking to market we’ve had good success with in the first half from a sales and a takeaway perspective. And so it transcends any one particular customer.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Just a quick follow-up on inventories. You know as we look forward into the third quarter do you anticipate further de-loading or do you think inventory levels are about where they should be now?
Douglas R. Conant:  We expect inventory levels will not appreciably change.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Great. Next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I just had a question for you, sort of a follow-up from before, but on your ready-to-serve business just looking at your market share using IRI data, it shows that it’s sort of flat from when you started the soup season. And I guess as I think about it you’ve gotten a lot more promotional during the quarter and you’ve of course had a couple of new products, so in the second half as you anticipate kind of pulling back on some of those promotional levels and maybe a bit on the advertising, is there risk there? I mean you’ve seen your price points hit down pretty close to private label and Progresso and as you pull back is there some risk to your market share?  It sounds like you’re feeling perhaps some weaker volumes in that period, you know, if you could speak to that please.
Douglas R. Conant:  First of all, Chris, we expect to be fully competitive on the spending side in the second half. We’re just calling it down from the introductory levels that we had in the first half. The second piece I would expect us to be very competitive in terms of consumer takeaway in the second half. We’re continuing to get trial of Select Harvest and we see that proposition actually strengthening in the second half as we continue to get trial and leverage is stronger with deep face. And then Chunky came on with a great solid second quarter and the outlook for the second half is very competitive. So we expect that we’ll be fully competitive in the back half.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  The way you report your sales you get the pricing and you get the promotion. Would that promotional factor kind of again what you signaled so far likely be less negative?
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, I would say – intuitively yes.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay next question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Certain times for a company to kind of play offense and other times to play defense and you know outwardly at CAGNY last week, you know, you kind of dismissed General Mills as being that much of a factor and you kind of gave what I thought was a pretty positive outlook. But I don’t know – internally I would think that you would be kind of upset at this situation because our control condensed. And I mean you’re 80% of the category.  I mean it seems to me that it’s your job to or Denise’s job to convince the retailer that this is the product you don’t want to de-load. This is the product that they should be selling off your shelves like crazy, probably without any promotion even associated with it because consumers are so pressured. So I guess I’m just – like you said you were surprised at the consumer de-load or the trade de-load here. And I guess I just want you to react like do you feel that you were unsuccessful in convincing the retailer? Did they talk with you about this decision? Because it seems to me that if there’s ever a time for Campbell Soup to be playing offense with it’s highest margin product and most well-recognized product, it’s like right now.
Douglas R. Conant:  Eric, I think you make a very good point. We were intimately in dialog with all of our customers as we went through the heart of the soup season. It’s reflected in very strong performance. Consumer takeaway was very strong through the entire soup season. And some of our retailers while they were managing their inventories chose to take the risk on out-of-stock as they were even more committed to managing their working capital. And it was a frustrating experience. I think we all learned from it. And I think both the retailers and we would have done it differently in hindsight. But the reality is we had a good season with the consumer and we were up 8% in the first half and quite frankly it should have been more, I wish it was, and it wasn’t. So we just regroup and we move on from here. But I’m not embarrassed by 8% growth in the first half.
B. Craig Owens:  I think any time the retailer is trying to take inventory down it’s really across the whole dry grocery segment that it’s the pieces of business, the SKUs that are doing best that they’re going to sort of inadvertently de-load the most. I mean, I think it was the strength of the condensed business that caused us to have the biggest gap there between consumer takeoff and inventory.
Douglas R. Conant:  It is what it is. Now we just have to pick up and go forward. 
Leonard F. Griehs:  Devon next question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  This is kind of a longer term question, but you have a bunch of re-stagings planned for 2010, Chunky and whatnot. This is actually a question about BPA. It seems to be finding its way into the public press. It’s a concern that a lot of consumers have about the lining of steel cans and the attributes of it. Have you explored different types of packaging yet and what would be the impact of re-staging if you were forced to do packaging without BPA?
Douglas R. Conant:  We are totally in touch with expectations on this front and we’re I think we’re at the front edge of understanding what the options would be. We don’t see any near term or mid-term risk on this front and we are quite confident that we can adjust to whatever comes our way over the next 12 to 18 months. And so what I would say is in the near term over the next 18 months this is a non-issue. And we’ll be prepared to deal with anything beyond that.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Doug, do you have any way of – I’m not sure if you’ve been asked this before, but of giving us an aggregate sense of how much retailer inventory is carried in soup and how many – in terms of weeks of sales? And how far that’s off its peak?
Douglas R. Conant:  Well, it’s a very tricky, seasonal build and de-load. So you know we can talk averages, but then it wildly fluctuates quarter-to-quarter. Anthony do you want to give him just the broad?
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Yes, I think on average we would be at the high end of two to three weeks. And Doug quantified earlier what the sales impact was in the second quarter of the de-load which implies when you do the math it’s about three days of inventory.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  You know you mentioned year-over-year change in operating profit in Soups, Sauces and Beverages being the first factor you mentioned was cost and then chiefly advertising. I guess is there any way you could tell us roughly how much incremental year-over-year change in advertising compressed that segment operating margin?
B. Craig Owens:  I guess if we just took the three launches we’re talking about, Select Harvest, V8 Aseptic and Swanson Stock, most of the operating profit decline in this segment is attributable to the increase in advertising.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edgar Roesch – Soleil.
Edgar Roesch - Soleil: I have a question about Baking and Snacking, just trying to get a little bit more color on the profit decline there. You know, is it fair to say then that the divestiture which was eight points negative to the top line didn’t have much profit impact? Then you’ve got the FX and then if you could give a little more color on Pepperidge Farm on the decline there whether it was the main factor in the overall segment decline.
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, I guess if you looked at the Baking and Snacking segment, I guess first is the significant decline due to the currency translation which is about two-thirds of the operating profit decline. And then the balance of the decline is due to the lower profit at Pepperidge Farm. And it does reflect the significant cost inflation that they experienced beginning in the back half of last year.
Edgar Roesch – Soleil:  So then looking at the second half, I mean you signal a little bit of caution on Pepperidge with at least the premium breads maybe slowing down in volume, but yet your pricing you know up nine in the quarter should compare pretty favorably to the year-over-year cost increase in the second half. Is that a fair way to characterize the second half there?
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, that would be competing pressure in the back half there, you know one is the pressure on volumes and sort of the economic environment offset by the year-on-year improvement in gross margin performance as we begin the more significant inflation that occurred in the back half of last year.
B. Craig Owens:  And we’re talking about a slowing of growth. We’re not necessarily talking about a decline in sales. We’ve been on quite a roll with Pepperidge Farm for the last five years and what we’re seeing is a slowing of growth in the category and a slowing of growth of Pepperidge Farm as opposed to a significant decline.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Devon, how many more questions in queue?
Operator:  We have four sir.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay. We’ll take those and then we’ll stop.
Operator:  Yes sir. Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Doug, I wanted to try my hand just a little bit at this inventory de-loading. Very surprising comment and certainly I agree with almost entirely what Eric was saying earlier, but I wanted just to say that and ask you this question, I thought the whole concept of the vendor inventory management system was to reduce the inventory levels at the retailers. You guys have insight as to what their levels are and you do automatic replenishing.  So this was completely off my radar as a possibility because it seems like if there’s good takeaway then you see the reduction at the retail level, you replenish and everybody wins because the retailer’s doing what they’re supposed to do which is make sales. I really don’t understand this. How could this possibly be an issue? How can this come up and what do these retailers say to you guys? Do they just say, “Hey, we just didn’t want the sales”? Because it seems to make zero sense.
Douglas R. Conant:  Well, broadly speaking these retailers made executive decisions across their whole network that they were going to reduce inventories as they hit the end of their calendar year. And that was done largely across all their major dry grocery categories. We’re not the only organization that’s talked about this. And this was somewhat of an executive decision that enabled them to significantly reduce their inventory and some of them delivered very solid performance on the strength of that decision at a high level.  However, some categories and some individual businesses might have been adversely affected. And we were one of those. Our growth was slowed as a result of this. The good news is our consumer takeaway held up very well and our performance for the half was solid. We missed an opportunity there. We missed it. The customer missed it. But this transcended any relationship we have with a category manager or buyer. This was an executive decision.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Can you comment on whether or not you perhaps lost any shelf space?
Douglas R. Conant:  There’s no evidence that we’ve lost shelf space. In fact there’s evidence that we’ve held or gained shelf space with virtually every customer.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Are you seeing any trade de-loading in Europe?
Douglas R. Conant:  No.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay next question Devon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alton Stump - Longbow Research.
Alton Stump - Longbow Research:  Just a quick question on the [inflate] cost and I’m sorry if you mentioned this in your opening remarks and I missed it, but are you still looking for a 9 to 11% inflation cost number for this year?
B. Craig Owens:  Yes, about a 9% inflation rate for the full year.
Alton Stump - Longbow Research:  There has been some word on some pretty hefty metal can cost increases going through at the first of the year. Is that factored in to your updated guidance over the long term?
Douglas R. Conant:  Yes, it is factored into the updated guidance and it is true that there is some pretty significant upward pressure on tin plate costs.
Leonard F. Griehs:  Okay next question Devon.
Operator:  Yes sir. Your last question comes from [Liesel Henderson] – Campbell Soup.
Leonard F. Griehs :  No, that’s not a question. That’s – that one’s not a question. That’s just one of our participants. So that’ll wrap it up for us then. Okay you can conclude the session Devon.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-11-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Leonard Griehs – VP IR Douglas Conant – President & CEO Anthony DiSilvestro – VP, Controller Craig Owens – SVP, CFO & CAO 
Analysts:  Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein  Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities  Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  David Driscoll - Citigroup  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Terry Bivens – JPMorgan  Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities  Andrew Lazard – Barclay’s Capital  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Leonard Griehs, Vice President, Investor Relations; you may begin. 
Leonard Griehs: Good morning everyone, welcome to Campbell Soup Company first quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. Douglas Conant, President, and Chief Executive Officer, will have some opening remarks. Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller, will discuss results for the first quarter. Craig Owens, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer will have a few closing comments. Then a question-and-answer session will follow. Our financial results press release and supplemental schedule were issued earlier this morning. These are also posted on our website. Our call this morning will take approximately one hour. It will be available for replay approximately two hours after the call is complete through midnight December 1st.  The replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or 1-703-925-2533 and use access code 1305905. You may also listen to a replay by logging onto our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com, and clicking on the webcast banner. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media.  This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s expected future business and financial performance including statements concerning the impact of marketing investments and strategies, pricing, share repurchase, new product introductions and innovation, cost-savings initiatives, quality improvements, inflation, commodity hedging, currency translation, and portfolio strategies on sales, earnings and margins. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our most recent Form 10-K subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings for a list of factors that could cause the company’s actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement.  This discussion includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable measures, which is available on our investor website and at www.campbellsoupcompany.com.  Now to begin, here’s Douglas Conant.
Douglas Conant : Thank you Leonard and hello everyone. Operationally we’re off to a very good start to the fiscal year. I’m particularly pleased that were able to deliver solid first quarter performance in an obviously very difficult economic climate, a climate which is the most challenging I’ve witnessed during my career in the food industry. The current crisis is impacting businesses and consumers all over the world. Despite these challenges I’m optimistic and confident in our ability to perform and let me tell you why. First and foremost Campbell’s has strong fundamentals. We compete in large and growing categories with iconic market and segment-leading brands that have strong track records of success. Importantly our brands provide both good value and comfort to consumers and all things considered, that’s a very good place to be these days. And over the past few years by shutting assets like our UK business, Godiva, and snack foods in Australia, we’ve sharpened our portfolio focused onto three categories where we believe we can compete with anyone in the world and we can win; simple meals heavily active in soup, baked snacks [inaudible] bakery and healthy beverages heavily [inaudible] in vegetable-based beverages.  The second reason I’m excited about our prospects is that I’m pleased with the performance of our US soup business the start of the year. We had very strong top line performance in the quarter, most notably in our condensed soup, broth businesses both of which had double-digit gains.  Our [inaudible] in US soup were once again setting the standard and leaving he industry. Our produced [inaudible] continue to [inaudible] and the introduction to Campbell Select Harvest and Campbell’s V8 ready-to-serve soup have also been very successful. And our marketing investments to support these new products are paying off especially with our strong advertising campaign for Select Harvest. In addition we’ve coupled the high impact marketing for Select Harvest and V8 with a campaign to remind people of the many reasons Campbell’s condensed soups offer great value and great taste.  This message is especially relevant today as people are paying greater and greater attention to [inaudible]. Third beyond our US soup business other parts of our portfolio performed well to start the year including our sauces businesses with Prego and Pace, Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s.  In Europe our branded soup performance was also quite solid. Fourth, we continue to be bullish about the emerging markets of Russia and China. These markets continue to represent a tremendous untapped opportunity for our company over the long-term. Remember Russia and China represent approximately 50% of our global soup consumption and we are actively preparing to expand our businesses in both markets in fiscal 2009.  The final reason for my optimism has to do with the Campbell people. In my opinion we have built a world-class organization over the past eight years particularly in the categories and geographies in which we compete. And to be clear we are built to more then just compete, we are built to win. I’m confident that when the dust settles from this current market chaos this team will have expanded our leadership profile on virtually all fronts.  Now fiscal 2009 clearly does have its challenges. The global economic crisis will provide a strong headwind for the food industry and consumer alike. Despite the conditions, Campbell’s is a company with strong fundamentals, a sharpened focus, iconic brands that people know and trust, strong leadership, and a consistent track record for innovation. Clearly all of these qualities are evident in our first quarter results. Now before I turn the call over to Anthony to take you through the details, I’d like to mention that today marks the first investor call for our new Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, Craig Owens. You’ll be hearing from Craig later this morning. I am absolutely confident that as you get to know him you will recognize what a great addition he is to our senior leadership team. Now I’ll turn the call over to Anthony for his comments.
Anthony DiSilvestro : Good morning, before I begin my review I’d like to make a few comments regarding the basis of presentation of our results and items impacting comparability.  As a reminder in March, 2008 we completed the divestiture of the Godiva business. The results of this business are reported as discontinued operations on the income statement for fiscal 2008. In April we announced a series of initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability including selling certain salty snack food brands and assets in Australia, closing certain production facilities in Canada and Australia, and streamlining our management structure. During the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we recognized $7 million of accelerated depreciation and other exit costs related to this program in cost of products sold. During fiscal 2008 we recognized $182 million of costs related to this program including restructuring charges and accelerated depreciation. The company expects to [inaudible] an additional $41 million of pre-tax costs related to these initiatives bringing the total to $230 million. As part of our business operations we are exposed to market hedges from changes in commodity prices.  We entered into commodity hedging transactions to reduce the volatility from fluctuations in prices of commodities. In the first quarter of fiscal 2009 we recognized in cost of products sold a $26 million unrealized loss on the fair value of open commodity futures contracts.  Beginning in fiscal 2009 unrealized gains and losses on commodity hedging activities are excluded from segment operating earnings and are recorded in unallocated corporate expenses as these open positions represent hedges of future purchases. Upon closing of the contracts the realized gain or loss is recorded in segment operating earnings which allows [us] to reflect the economic effects of the hedge without the exposure to quarterly volatility of unrealized gains and losses.  The volatility associated with the unrealized gain or loss will be treated as an item impacting comparability. In prior periods unrealized gains and losses on commodity hedges were not material.  Our review will begin with a discussion of results from continuing operations while highlighting items impacting comparability.  From our combined total results including continuing and discontinued operations I will discuss reported net earnings per share and our adjusted net earnings per share excluding those items impacting comparability. Adjusted net earnings per share in the quarter were $0.77 compared to net earnings per share in the first quarter a year ago of $0.70. Let’s begin our review of continuing operations for the first quarter, net sales for the quarter increased 3% to $2.250 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follows. Volume and mix added 1%, price and sales allowances added 7%, increased promotional spending subtracted 2%, currency subtracted 1%, and divestitures subtracted 2%.  Gross margin for the quarter for $871 million compared to $892 million in the prior year. Gross margin percentage for the quarter was 38.7% compared to 40.8% a year ago. The current year included a $26 million unrealized loss on commodity hedges and the current year also included $7 million of costs related to the initiative to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability.  After adjusting for these items gross margin was [$904] million and the gross margin percentage was 40.2%. The decline in gross margin was primarily due to cost inflation in excess of pricing. Marketing and selling expenses increased from $296 million a year ago to $307 million due to higher advertising principally in US soups.  Administrative expenses were [$140] million compared to $141 million in the prior year quarter. Research and development expenses increased $2 million to $29 million. Other income of $4 million included gains recognized on foreign currency hedging transactions.  Earnings before interest and taxes were $399 million compared to $428 million in last year’s first quarter. After adjusting for the previously mentioned items EBIT was $432 million as compared to $428 million in the prior year quarter, an increase of [1%].  Net interest expense was $32 million compared to $42 million in the prior year primarily related to the general decline in short-term interest rates. The tax rate in the first quarter was 29.2% compared to 30.6% in the prior year’s quarter. Excluding the rate impacts of items impacting comparability the tax rate in the first quarter was 29.8%. Average diluted shares outstanding declined to 365 million from 388 million primarily due to repurchases utilized from net proceeds from the divestiture of the Godiva business and our strategic share repurchase programs. Earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $260 million or $0.71 per share compared to $268 million or $0.69 per share in the year ago quarter. The current year included a $16 million or $0.04 per share [unrealized] loss on commodity hedges and the current year also included $5 million of costs or $0.01 per share related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. After factoring these items into the reported results adjusted earnings from continuing operations in the quarter were $281 million compared to $268 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.77 as compared to $0.69 in the year ago quarter.  The growth in adjusted EPS benefited from a significant decline in diluted shares outstanding primarily due to repurchases utilizing net proceeds from the divestiture of Godiva and the company’s strategic share repurchase programs.  Earnings from discontinued operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 were $2 million or $0.01 per share. Net earnings per share which includes both continuing and discontinued operations for the quarter were $0.71 per share compared to $0.70 per share a year ago.  Excluding the items I previously mentioned that impact comparability adjusted net earnings per share in the first quarter were $0.77 compared to $0.70 in the year ago quarter, an increase of 10%.  US soups, sauces, and beverages, sales for the first quarter rose 9% to $1.198 billion from $1.097 billion in the year ago period. Here is the breakdown for the change in sales, volume and mix added 4%, price and sales allowances added 8%, and the increased promotional spending subtracted 3%.  Let’s touch on a few highlights, US soup sales increased 12% with condensed up 14%, ready-to-serve up 7%, and broths up 23%. Sales of condensed soups increased double-digits in both cooking and eating varieties driven in part by increased promotional activity.  Ready-to-serve soup sales increased due to the successful introduction of Select Harvest, partially offset by a decline on Chunky. Sales of the ready-to-serve soups also benefited from the introduction of V8 soups.  The convenience platform includes soups in microwavable bowls and cups increased primarily due to gains in bowls. Broth sales were driven by continued growth in aseptically-packaged broth and the introduction of Swanson cooking stock.  The Wolfgang Puck soup, stock, and broth business acquired in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year contributed approximately one point to soup sales growth.  Beverage sales grew slightly following the significant growth a year ago. The increase was driven by continued strong growth of V8 V-Fusion juice, partially offset by declines on V8 vegetable juice. Sales in the year ago period benefited from additional sales due the distribution agreement with the Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. for Campbell’s single-serve refrigerated beverages in North America. Prego sales increased double-digits. Sales of Pace Mexican sauces also increased double-digits primarily due to the successful launch of specialty salsas. Operating earnings increased to $314 million from $309 million as higher sales and productivity gains were partially offset by cost inflation and higher advertising. Baking and snacks sales for the first quarter decreased 4% to $509 million from $502 million in the year ago quarter. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 1%, price and sales allowances added 8%, increased promotional spending subtracted 2%, currency subtracted 2%, and divestiture subtracted 7%.  Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily driven by growth in both the cookies and crackers and bakery businesses. Cookies and crackers sales increased driven by gains in Goldfish snack crackers and the introduction of Baked Naturals, an adult savory cracker partially offset by a decline in cookies. Bakery sales increased due to gains in whole grain bread varieties and stuffing. As reported, Arnott’s sales declined due to the divestiture of certain salty snack food brands in May, 2008 and the unfavorable impact of currency. Excluding these items sales increased due to significant growth of savory crackers partially offset by a decline in chocolate biscuit varieties. Sales within our biscuit business in Indonesia also grew strongly.  Operating earnings increased 15% to $83 million from $72 million as growth in Arnott’s and Pepperidge Farm was partially offset by the impact of currency.  International soup, sauces, and beverages, sales for the quarter decreased 3% to $380 million from $390 million a year ago. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 1%, prices and sales allowances added 3%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency subtracted 2%, and divestitures subtracted 2%.  In Europe sales increased as gains in France and Belgium were partially offset by the divestiture of the company’s French sauce and mayonnaise business in September, 2008 and the planned exit from the private label business in Germany.  Across Europe, branded wet soup sales increased. In the Asia Pacific regions sales increased primarily due to gains in Malaysia, and in Australia. In Canada, sales declined primarily due to the unfavorable impact of currency and a decline in beverages.  Operating earnings decreased to $38 million from $51 million a year ago due to the incremental to establish businesses in Russia and China, a decline in Canada, and the unfavorable impact of currency.  North America food services, sales for the quarter decreased 2% to $163 million from $166 million in the year ago period. The change in sales breakdown as follows. Volume and mix subtracted 6%, price and sales allowances added 6%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, and currency subtracted 1%.  Excluding the impact of currency sales declined due to discontinuing certain unprofitable products and the weakness in the food service sector. Operating earnings decreased from $24 million to $11 million. The current year included $7 million of accelerated depreciation and other exit costs related to the previously announced restructuring program. The remaining decline is primarily due to lower volumes. Unallocated corporate expenses increased from $28 million a year ago to $47 million in the current quarter. The increase was due to a $26 million unrealized loss from commodity hedging in the current year partially offset by lower SAP implementation costs, and gains recognized on foreign currency hedging transactions.  Now let’s turn to cash flows and the balance sheet, cash flow from operations for the quarter was a use of $15 million compared with [$74] million a year ago due to changes in working capital primarily accounts payable and accrued income taxes.  Capital expenditures were $35 million as compared to $40 million in the year ago quarter. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2009 to be approximately $400 million. During the first quarter we repurchased 3 million shares at a total cost of $114 million.  Total debt was $2.756 billion compared to $2.814 billion in the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents were $63 million as compared to $77 million a year ago. Net debt was [inaudible] cash and cash equivalents from total debt was $2.693 billion versus $2.737 billion, a decrease of $44 million. This concludes my discussion of the quarter, now Craig Owens will have some summary comments. 
Craig Owens : Thank you Anthony and good morning everyone. While my first weeks in Campbell Soup Company have coincided with a time of extraordinary dislocations in the financial markets and a rapidly deteriorating global economy, as well as volatile currency and commodity movements.  Under such unusual conditions its been actually quite encouraging to find the company performing well in the marketplace with a portfolio of businesses recently sharpened and well positioned in all key markets and to find strong financial fundamentals in place. I’m really pleased to be here and I’m enjoying the chance to meet so many talented colleagues at Campbell’s, also I look forward to meeting all of you who follow the company closely.  My comments now will center around the guidance that we offered in September, we said that we expected sales excluding the negative impact of one less week in the current fiscal year and our recent divestitures to grow in excess of our long-term target of 3% to 4%. We said that we anticipated adjusted EBIT growth to be slightly below our long-term target of 5% to 6%, reflecting the impact of one less week, increased marketing spending, and increased investment spending in Russia and China.  And finally that we expected adjusted net earnings per share to grow between 5% and 7% from the adjusted base of $2.09. We believe that continued solid sales performance and the management of elements of gross margin and operating expenses will deliver our planned results for sales, EBIT, and EPS in local currency. However, approximately 25% to 30% of our sales and earnings come from non-US operations. Given the strength and volatility of the US dollar against the major foreign currencies where we operate, mainly the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar, and the Euro, its impossible to forecast the impact of these currencies on our business accurately. However if spot rates stayed at the same rate as at quarter-end, the impact of currency alone would negatively impact sales, EBIT, and EPS growth rates by approximately five percentage this fiscal year. We are making efforts to improve our performance and to build on our good sales momentum in the soup business. We will continue to focus on operational fundamentals to deliver the results that are consistent with our strong track record. With that we are ready to take some of your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein : On the outlook for margins for the rest of the fiscal year, I think on the last conference call you were talking about flat gross margin for the full year. It seems as though on an underlying basis they were down about 60 basis points this quarter, do you feel as though we’re getting towards the turning point as we get into the second half, are you seeing a bit of relief on commodity cost inflation or is it that pricing and productivity might come through a bit more strongly. How are you feeling about that. 
Douglas Conant : We do still feel that we’ll be about flat for the full year. We’re not seeing much relief on inflation particularly given the commodity hedges that we have in place but as you say we would expect to see pricing come through more strongly in the second half and recognize that we’ll be cycling from last year somewhat higher inflation rates in cost of sales. 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein : It looks as though the price realization overseas and the international segment wasn’t as high as in most of the other domestic areas, is that because of difficulty in Europe or Australia or might we expect to see a stronger price realization in the back half of the year?
Anthony DiSilvestro : I think the challenges have been primarily in Europe and given the competitive environment there its difficult to realize significant price although we have been more successful in Australia. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: On shipments versus consumption again you had very strong US soup growth and we know [IRI] has not been as good a predictor of that recently but I wondered if you could talk about and I know you control a lot of the inventory just what you see on the inventory front and how shipments compare to consumption in the quarter. 
Douglas Conant : Obviously we don’t comment on consumption but our tracking of inventory shows that there’s no material change and so we believe our sales are finding their way through to retail. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: In this quarter we saw that promotions had ticked up and also some of the pricing is that more of a short-term phenomenon or is that something you expect to continue?
Douglas Conant : We are committed to supporting the brand. We have a lot to say and we’re going to continue to spend against it but the spending came in as expected as did sales so we’re working on our plan. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to EBIT growth the adjustments that you made to your guidance seem to reflect the obvious foreign exchange hit, but food service and the international division did come in weaker then I expected and it looks like those conditions could be persisting throughout the year so are there no adjustments to your EBIT growth for the realities of those two divisions or is something going to make up for that or--?
Douglas Conant : Clearly in the current economic environment I think we’re going to see some segments of our business pressured more then others but the flip side of that is that the core business actually tends to do pretty well in a weaker economic environment so our feeling is that again, ex the currency headwind that we should be able to deliver our projected EBIT growth rate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  I’m just kind of clueless when trying to understand this quarter, the variable margin on condensed soup is so high I just don’t see how the profitability on a consolidated basis and within that segment isn’t better. You said SAP spending is down, advertising year-over-year is basically up as a percentage of sales pretty flat, what am I missing that such strong soup growth isn’t translating into profits.
Douglas Conant : There are several things going on here and you know we don’t get into specific soup P&L discussion but I’ll give you highlights. First of all marketing spending is up substantially not just modestly. As we reported its part of a whole segment but its very much focused in US soup. Second of all we are still lapping huge cost increases and our pricing is not fully reflected to capture those yet. As a result net, net we’re right where we expected to be for the first quarter and we didn’t expect to have significant soup earnings growth in this quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: But you put through I guess it was 7% pricing on the top line so can you tell us on a consolidated basis how much input costs were up that that amount of pricing didn’t flow through.
Douglas Conant : Our increased cost in terms of commodities were up 9% to 10% in the quarter and the pricing is not all reflective all the way through to retail yet. 
Anthony DiSilvestro : Cost inflation, if you look at packaging, raw materials, and energy is up 9% to 10%. Its having about a five point negative impact on gross margin and our productivity [inaudible] do not fully record that so obviously we have a gross margin percentage decline year-on-year which is negatively impacting our EPS growth.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Did you say five points or 50 basis points on the inflation?
Anthony DiSilvestro : If you translate 9% to 10% inflation on a 60-point cost base, you can calculate the decline in gross margin percentage which is fairly substantial in the quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just as a follow-up, let me understand this, so if promotional spending is up a bit in the quarter in the US soups, sauces, and beverages, and marketing and selling is basically up only slightly as a percentage of sales, where is that extra advertising or marketing that you’re talking about flowing through?
Douglas Conant : Well its in the mix of North Americas soups, sauces, and beverages and its increased in soup but not in the other parts of that portfolio so it’s a mix change within that reporting segment. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess maybe when you meet with us in a week or two, maybe we could bet a better explanation because everybody on the planet knows that that US condensed business has got to be one of the highest margin businesses in the world.
Douglas Conant : Remember we said we were spending back heavily and you saw in July when we talked about all the new programs we’ve got going on, and our advertising in US soup was up substantially in the first quarter and we expect it to be up significantly for the year too.  So I think that—
Anthony DiSilvestro : And we can create a [inaudible] go forward that will make this more helpful. The other piece of it as I’m reflecting on the discussion we also had a high new product launch cost in this quarter which are probably finding their way in here. But we can create a roadmap on it. This is unfolding exactly as we anticipated.  So this is something we can walk you through. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I just think that this point deserves more explanation. Your stock is down 7% today because I think people are just aren’t understanding this dynamic given how profitable soup is on a run rate normalized basis.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch:  Did you say that pricing is not fully reflected at the shelf yet and if I heard you correctly on that why is that the case? If I remember correctly you announced this price increase toward the tail end of last soup season, it was supposed to be fully in place by the beginning of this soup season so why if I heard you correctly was that pricing not fully reflected and do you expect it to be reflected over the next few quarters?
Douglas Conant : Don’t forget we had two pricing increases, we had the one in March that you’re talking about and we also implemented one in September. That’s the one we’re talking about. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay so the March increase was the 7% across US soups, sauces, and beverages?
Douglas Conant : No, it was only 4%. And then we said a similar one we had in September but that’s the one we’re talking about that’s not fully reflected yet. 
Anthony DiSilvestro : The point is, the September pricing is fully implemented however we don’t have a full quarter’s worth of benefit on our results in Q1. We will in Q2.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: If you didn’t deliver the profit growth that a lot of us were expecting in the fiscal first quarter can you give us some idea as to how you expect profit growth to unfold over the remainder of the soup season. It seems given the seasonality of our business that you’d need to see a big fiscal second quarter in order to deliver meaningful profit growth for the year.
Douglas Conant : As you know, we don’t forecast profit specifically but I think broadly you ought to expect to see us continue to invest heavily against the brands in the second quarter and that in the second half of the year as we begin to cycle much higher cost of sales from prior year and pricing comes fully through that we would expect to see a stronger second half then the first half. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: And then I believe on the last call, mentioned that you’d spent about $0.05 a share for China and Russia investments last year and that could be almost double that this year, given the change global macroeconomic environment, have your plans for the overall level of spending changed?
Douglas Conant : We continue to be very excited about Russia and China. Those programs are well on track and so right at the current time we’re holding our plan for expanding in both Russia and China in fiscal 2009 timeframe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I would like a bit more color on Russia, we’re hearing that retailers are pushing back very heavily on price increases. You are increasing your investment there. You’re putting manufacturing on the ground there and you’re going into more geographies, but consumers there, 10% to 15% of them aren’t even getting their paychecks now and track record says that things could get worse so I’d like to know what you’re seeing in terms of the retail environment in Russia, whether the conditions have really deteriorated and then on the second half of fiscal 2009 being better then the first half, you’re fourth quarter in fiscal 2008 had a huge increase in operating income, 40% and you had the benefit of a 53rd week, so is fourth quarter going to have another increase on top of that even though you don’t have the 53rd week this year?
Douglas Conant : As you will recall we have a very modest presence in Russia right now. We’re in the Moscow region and we’re in a limited sales profile area and the business there continues to do well from a point of distribution. We are seeing that the middle class is continuing to grow and we are seeing on this very, very small basis, that our soup brand has vitality.  We intend to expand it as we [inaudible] before, we haven’t announced specific expansion plans in Russia but they will take all of the things you mentioned into account. However we are seeing in the small geography we’re in continued traction for the program so we don’t have a large exposure there nor will we for the whole fiscal year but we still believe we can expand and we can do it smartly and we’ll post you on that when its appropriate.
Anthony DiSilvestro : The back half performance operationally is expected to come from improved gross margin percentage performance in the back half relative to the first half for the reasons he suggested. We’re lapping some significant cost inflation with [brand] for fiscal 2008 and with the full benefit of our pricing initiatives, back half gross margin will be better then the first half.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities  
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities :  I wanted to touch base with you, you indicated that you had $26 million in unrealized losses related to hedges that were, that showed up in the first quarter there. Does that suggest then that your hedging, of course its all hindsight now, but does that suggest that you would have been better off without those hedges in Q1 and then does that mean that going forward, as commodities are lower for the entire quarters, second and third quarters does that mean that that negative impact is even worse on your P&L?
Douglas Conant : Obviously virtually all of our peer companies, we were hedged through the first quarter and prices came down precipitously and we’re going through the mark-to-market exercise. We are, we’ll find our way through this year, but the hedging practices in this year are going to be challenging for us if the spot prices stay down as low as they are.
Anthony DiSilvestro : Clearly with the benefit of hindsight the decline in commodity prices, we would have been better off had we not hedged. That being said, the hedge loss in the first quarter related to purchases that are going to happen over the balance of the year.  For our full year, our commodity prices will be as we expected most of which were locked in through these commodity-hedging transactions and we’ll see this unrealized loss reverse itself through the balance of the year. 
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities : Could you remind us on what you had guided for your input cost increase for fiscal 2009?
Craig Owens : We had said about 9% to 10% and that still looks like a good number. 
Douglas Conant : And that was basically the packaging and raw materials and energy.
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities : And then switching over to foreign currency you suggested that you’re doing some things that maybe could improve the impact there, did I read that right, and could you expand a little bit on that? 
Douglas Conant : Its not our policy to hedge against translation adjustments so to the extent that we’re doing something, what we’re doing is operationally looking for everything that we can recognizing that its going to be a very tough year in foreign currency for us.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research :  We’ve been hearing a lot from the retailers lately that they’re going to be pushing back now on the food companies given that the inflation that they’re seeing in the commodity markets, I’m just wondering, how do you respond to that given that you’ve taken this hedge position and may not be seeing that same kind of deflation.
Douglas Conant : First of all that dialogue is going on across the food industry with most of our peer group as well but we have a very frank and candid dialogue with our customers and they have visibility into our gross margins as you do. They see our gross margin, we’re not flying high on gross margins right now, and so that they understand that we’re not necessarily taking advantage of the consumer in this case. We’re just trying to manage our business responsibly. The other observation is that our products tend to provide great value for the consumer at the current price points and they clearly see that with condensed soup for example.  We believe it is a manageable situation although we have to be very sensitive. Its not an easy time but clearly in our first quarter, our sales held up just fine despite the challenges from the customer side in terms of offering value. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Do you get the sense that any of your competition would be better advantaged, may not have gone out on commodities or packaging the same way that you may have and that might create a more competitive environment, is there any indication that that might be the case?
Douglas Conant : The general sense is that all of the major peers tend to lean out a little bit to protect their supply. But we’ll just have to wait and see. We’re very comfortable with our competitive plans. We’ll just have to wait and see. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : The one area that doesn’t seem to be as well positioned maybe from a value perspective as is cookies. That’s a premium product that has obviously a very well established client base, but I’m just wondering as you look ahead in this economic environment how do you position those products given that kind of premium angle relative to some of your other products?
Douglas Conant : Pepperidge Farm cookies are certainly more challenged then condensed soup but we find we have a pretty good price value proposition. We are focused on the premium segment and we’ll have to see. We have a very somewhat narrow consumer base in cookies and we’ll see how these economics effect their purchase plans.  But the good news is even if we’re a little challenged in cookies it’s a very small part of our portfolio.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll - Citigroup 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : On the commodity side, so we’ve heard from Heinz last week, they indicated that their spot commodity basket, again not hedged, just their spot basket for the quarter was up 15%, can you give me some understanding here on what did the spot basket of your raw materials do and so its everything, its not just these mark-to-market hedges here because I think that’s just a fraction of the overall bucket, so the question is when do you actually expect to see deflation within the raw material bucket. Obviously I think you’ve said 2009 is hedged, would 2010 be logical given spot prices today. 
Douglas Conant : The answer on the high level is yes and it gets better at the end of 2009. 
Anthony DiSilvestro : The basket for our first quarter is in that 9% to 10% inflation range. Looking out further I think its hard to say. I think the baking businesses will see a little bit of deflation and it’s a little harder to say on the other businesses given the broad mix of commodities and raw materials that are utilized in that business. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : On soup in condensed, can you give me an update on what you think of the competition with private label and how strong is it in this economic environment relative to your products and brands?
Douglas Conant : We feel very good about our ability to compete with private label in condensed soup. We think we still have a great value offering and there’s no evidence that private label has hurt us and hurt our growth. So we think we’ve got a great value proposition and we pay attention to it but quite frankly in this case our customers are [our] competitor and we just hope on putting the best proposition out for the consumer and so far we’re doing just fine.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Can you make a similar comment on Pepperidge Farm?
Douglas Conant : Pepperidge Farm, evidence suggests that in periods of recession kind of environments bakery and bread do better as a category. Unfortunately it tends to be the lower price varieties and that’s where Pepperidge Farm is going to be challenged in bakery this year. We’re focusing on continuing to add value around [health] and wellness and as we reported we had decent transaction in the first quarter. We’ll see how it sorts itself out over the next three quarters. That will be a more challenging spot for us but we’re prepared to manage through it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Could you just confirm, you don’t need any more pricing in F09, the September 2008 price increase you took is sufficient to cover your 9% to 10% for this year, is that correct?
Douglas Conant : We don’t comment on any possible future pricing so I can’t comment on that. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just to clarify on the pricing that has yet to hit the shelf, I just want to make sure I understood your clarifying comment earlier, was that September price increases in place, the issue is more of a timing issue of having a full quarter with it rather then there are actual places where it is not in place yet, is that correct?
Douglas Conant : That’s correct. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the issue that’s been out there competitively on MSG, but what effect do you think that’s having broadly on ready-to-serve soup, if anything?
Douglas Conant : Ready-to-serve soup is growing at a good clip and I don’t see it having any effect on the category. It is having an effect on consumer choices, but not on the category. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You don’t think its distracting demand at all?
Douglas Conant : No.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs:  I just wanted to ask about the marketing spending in soup and clearly we saw significant increase in the quarter and I’m just wondering how you think about that spending and what you’re trying to get out of, is it more launch costs related to some of the new products, is it trying to be more competitive from a share perspective, or is it in this economic condition where soup really is viewed as a product providing value to consumers or trying to really attract more consumers into the category. Just wondering how I should think about the marketing spending here. 
Douglas Conant : I don’t mean to be funny but the answer is (d), all of the above. We did have planned launches for Select Harvest and our V8 aseptically-packaged soups and for our Swanson broth stock and all of those launches were targeted to be launched in the first quarter and we had major spending against those launches. We also encountered an opportunity to really step forward on our condensed soup business and expand its footprint and its share of voice in these economic times and to establish some momentum for the benefits which we took advantage of as well.  We also had some planned promotional spending against the anticipated pricing that we took which also raised our spending profile. So you put it all together and you have a [triffecta] effect of [monthly] spending as we launched all these things into the market at one time which is why soup sales were up 12% and why condensed were up 14%, [inaudible] sales were up 7% and broth sales were up 23%.  So we spent aggressively. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: On the V8 beverages, I know you have some capacity shortage in that business and sales were relatively soft, I know you’re lapping a pretty tough comparison, but how much of the softness is again the capacity issue or is it just a timing issue, as opposed to just the overall weakness that we’re seeing in the broader beverage category?
Douglas Conant : First of all we did have a capacity issue and we were on allocation for a while with our [EAP] Fusion products. We are off allocation now and that’s back on a nice growth trajectory and we are growing with [EAP] Fusion and V8 Splash. The area that was a little soft was V8 [Red] which is lapping our, the first quarter of our breakthrough distribution agreement with Coca-Cola Enterprises and Coca-Cola where we had a phenomenal first quarter on V8 [Red], we are lapping that.  So it was down. But also we do see in times of again, recession type environments where our premium red juice, V8 juice, the category can soften and so we’re watching that very closely.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens – JPMorgan  
Terry Bivens – JPMorgan :  Just on foreign currency its steeper then I expected and here’s my question, if you look at your overseas margins, they are significantly lower then what you have in the US so can you help me understand why a 5% hit on the top line is equally damaging to EPS?
Anthony DiSilvestro : I think if you look at the currency, you have to look underneath it to some of the mix that we have within our businesses. We are over indexed to the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar, two very profitable businesses for us and to a lesser degree the Euro. So when you look at the mix of those which is in terms of what the currencies have again, some profitability respectively of each of those businesses for us, you get into that close to 5% whether you’re looking at sales or EBIT. 
Terry Bivens – JPMorgan :  If you look at, clearly everyone is disappointed myself included with the level of profitability generated by those sales, as you look into the second quarter which again is another big quarter for Campbell, easy comps in condensed I would think, ready-to-serve and broth are going to be tougher, what’s your degree of confidence that as we meet early next month that there can be a better picture portrayed of your profitability on the soup business?
Douglas Conant : First of all, you know we don’t provide quarterly guidance, I guess our point would be that operationally we’re very comfortable with our plans for the year and we do have this currency headwind that we have to sort through. So I’d just comment, on a full year basis, we’re very comfortable with our guidance. I’m not going to get into the quarters. We are going to continue to spend against our business in the coming quarters particularly in the second quarter which is the big quarter for us.  I would just leave it at that and say we continue to maintain our guidance and you know, I want to say, I don’t know how many I’ve done of these, its got to be my 28 earnings call and we’ve basically hit our guidance every time for a year and I think we’ll do that again this year but certainly it’s a challenging environment.  One other thing, on this currency piece, we’ve benefited from currency in the past only to the tune of $0.01 or $0.02 at times, but if you look at it over the last, we deliver our operational plan and we get socked with this five point drop, we will have delivered 8% compound annual growth rate over the last four years in EPS and [inaudible] we delivered in the last three so we’re giving some of it back. But I feel very good about the fundamentals we have in place to compete in soup, sauce, beverages, North America, and international. So I’m very comfortable with the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities  
Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities :  On refinancing plans, I think last quarter you had mentioned that you would plan to term out a portion of the $1 billion of short-term debt in the debt capital markets at some point and I know the credit markets have been extremely difficult but there has been companies with as high quality credit ratings as Campbell that have been issuing debt so I just wanted to see if you could provide us an update on how you’re thinking about debt markets and potential for terming out debt here in the near-term.
Douglas Conant : We continue to have the intention to term out some of our debt. The good news is that with the strong credit rating we’ve had, we have not had any kind of liquidity problem or difficulty accessing the commercial paper market and in fact accessing it at very favorable rates as everybody has sort of run to the short end of the market. But it would still be our intention, as you know we had a $300 million bond that rolled off at the first of October. It really was not possible to go back to the market at that point in time. You’re right some people had begun to get back into the market since then but the rates have been a little bit punitive, but we’re watching the market. We don’t expect that rates will get back down to where they were a year ago. So we’re not waiting for something that’s not going to happen but we will go back to the market ultimately. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazard – Barclay’s Capital 
Andrew Lazard – Barclay’s Capital : I’m hearing all of the discussion and explanation around profitability and such but I guess there’s part of me that almost feels like I ought to be viewing this fiscal year as one where after a weaker soup season last year Campbell’s getting more competitive needs to stabilize market shares, better momentum in soup, almost at the expense to some extent of profitability and obviously from your commentary I guess that’s not the way you want us to view it but perhaps you can comment on that. It almost seems like its going to be an off year from a profitability perspective but more of an on year from a spending and gaining share back perspective which I don’t know how great that is. How would you respond to that. 
Douglas Conant : I think if you go back to our original guidance we talked about delivering above average sales, above normal guidance sales north of 3% or 4%. We also talked about delivering modestly softer EBIT down about, slightly below our guidance of 5% to 6% and then targeting to deliver in that historical range of 5% to 7% EPS growth.  Basically we’re working that plan. Now we had some curve balls thrown at us in terms of the fluctuations with currency and commodities and we’re sorting through all that but basically we’re still working that plan. 
Andrew Lazard – Barclay’s Capital : The tax rate and interest expense came in just at least lower then I had modeled, can you give us some perspective on what you’re looking for around a full year tax rate and interest at this point?
Douglas Conant : The tax rate guidance which I think was around 32% may come down very marginally. We were low this quarter because of the settlement of some outstanding audit issues so it doesn’t change the full year prospect very much and on interest, as we’ve said earlier, we’ve actually benefited from some very low commercial paper rates that we’ve had through this quarter and we had the $300 million that rolled off the long-term rates and into the commercial paper program.  We’ve had some benefit in the interest line but again, I wouldn’t take that as a run rate for the full year. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: What percentage of your raw material input costs are hedgable?
Douglas Conant : We’re working on that. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Have you quantified the earnings per share impact that emerging market spending had this quarter?
Douglas Conant : Not for the quarter, we just said for the year. For the year it would double what it has been. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So was there an earnings per share impact negative impact, in this quarter from emerging markets?
Douglas Conant : We had a $0.02 cost from emerging markets compared to $0.01 cost a year ago. And on your first question, probably around 25% of total input costs are hedgable.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in this conference.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-09-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Leonard Griehs – VP IR Anthony DiSilvestro - VP, Controller Douglas Conant – President & CEO
Analysts:  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia David Palmer - UBS  Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities Terry Bivens – JP Morgan  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Leonard Griehs, Investor Relations Vice President; you may begin. 
Leonard Griehs: Good morning and welcome to Campbell Soup Company fourth quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. Before we begin, I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to reflect and remember those who perished seven years ago today in the terrorist attacks in New York, Washington and aboard United Flight 93. For many of us that day will always bring back sad memories. Innocent people fell victim to senseless hate. For those who died we keep this memory, for those who lost loved ones and friends we mourn. May those of us who remain cherish every day and always appreciate those who are special to us.  Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller, will discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year and will comment on our outlook for fiscal 2009. Douglas Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer, will join Anthony for the question-and-answer session to follow.  Our financial results press release and supplemental schedule were issued earlier this morning. These are also posted on our website. Our call this morning will last approximately one hour. It will be available for replay approximately two hours after the call is complete and last through midnight September 18th.  The replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or 7-703-925-2533 and use access code 1276968. You may also listen to a replay by logging on our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com, and clicking on the webcast banner. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media.  This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s expected future business and financial performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These uncertainties may cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.  These include statements concerning the impact of marketing investments and strategies, share repurchases, pricing, new product introductions and innovation, cost-savings initiatives, quality improvements, portfolio strategies including divestitures, impact on sales, earnings and margins and other factors described in the company’s most recent 10-K and as updated from time to time by the company in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results could vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement made by the company.  This discussion includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable measures, which is available on our investor website and at www.campbellsoupcompany.com.  Before we begin our discussion of results, Douglas Conant who is joining us from Sydney, Australia, where he is visiting and reviewing our Asia Pacific business, will have a few opening remarks.
Douglas Conant : Thank you Leonard and good morning everyone. Well it certainly has been quite a year; in fact, in my 33-year career I cannot recall a more challenging environment in the food industry, particularly with the unprecedented cost inflation.  Against that backdrop I’m very pleased to report that we delivered a very strong fourth quarter, particularly in our US soup business. And leveraging the strong fourth quarter performance, I’m especially pleased to announce that for the seventh straight year we met or exceeded our financial goals. During the year the sale of Godiva Chocolatier business and our snack foods business in Australia with the sale, with the sale of those businesses we further focused our portfolio around three core categories; simple meals, baked snacks and healthy beverages. These three categories are all large and growing and they delivered on both the top and bottom line. Our strategy to take consumers up to higher levels of satisfaction centering on wellness, quality and convenience is continuing to drive our US soup business.  As we announced in July we’ve launched new Campbell’s Select Harvest ready-to-serve soups in fiscal 2009 and the product now is on shelves with new advertising hitting the air just last week.  In both Canada and Australia our soup businesses are showing good growth. In Europe our branded [wet] soup business is once again growing and we’ve realigned our portfolio in that geography as well as our management team to provide a sharper focus on driving profitable growth in the years ahead. Meanwhile our emerging market efforts in China and Russia are also going well. Building on our success in fiscal 2008 we plan to expand our efforts in both countries consistent with our discussions at our meeting in July. Moving on to baked snacks, Pepperidge Farm delivered yet another outstanding year in its core businesses of bakery, cookies and crackers. Premium wholegrain bread continues to be in high consumer demand and our consistent record of innovation is providing many opportunities to continue to grow our presence in this fast growing category. Meanwhile Goldfish crackers and the Pepperidge Farm cookie business continue to deliver very solid results. Arnott’s in Asia Pacific also had an especially strong year in its core biscuit business.  As I step back and look at fiscal 2009 I’m optimistic about our ability to continue delivering winning results for the following seven reasons. We continue to have momentum in US soup. We’ve grown sales of US soup for six consecutive years including stemming a long-term decline in condensed soup.  Number two, we’ve consistently led our category to innovation on the critical front of wellness, especially with our sodium reduction efforts in US soup where we’ve created nearly a $600 million business at retail which alone is larger than our next largest branded competitor and is growing significantly faster. Number three, we’ve built strong growth propositions in baked snakes with our Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s brands and in healthy beverages with our V-8 brand.  Number four; we’ve focused our portfolio on businesses that will provide the best opportunity to drive profitable growth in a sustainable and enduring way. Number five, we’ve advanced our emerging market efforts in Russia and China in a quality way and reshaped our European business profile. Number six, we’re nearing the completion of the SAP resource planning system in North America and we’re beginning to leverage the significant capabilities and efficiency improvements that we are confident it will bring in the years ahead. And finally number seven; we’ve built a leadership team characterized by world class competence in our chosen areas of focus and by world class employee engagement across the board. This team is built to compete in our core categories and it’s built to win.  Bottom line, I believe we have the portfolio, the growth prospects and the organization capacity to continue to drive quality growth in the years ahead. As we enter fiscal 2009 we are absolutely focused on continuing our winning efforts. Before I conclude and turn it over to Anthony, I do want to mention the appointment in late August of Craig Owens as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer to be affective October 6, 2008. Craig succeeds my good friend and most respected partner Robert Schiffner, who stepped down as CFO August 1, 2008. Craig brings a wealth of general management and senior financial expertise to Campbell for more than 25 years in the food and beverage industry. After coming to know Craig during the search process, I am quite confident he will be an outstanding addition to our senior management team. I believe his experience will compliment our strong and dedicated teams in finance, also in supply chain and IT. He comes from two strong and successful corporate cultures, Delhaize and Coca Cola, and brings a competitive spirit and an understanding of the dynamics of the global marketplace. Craig will be joining us on our first quarter conference call. On that note I’ll be happy to turn things over to Anthony.
Anthony DiSilvestro : Good morning, before I begin my review I’d like to make a few comments regarding the basis of presentation of our results. The current year has 53 weeks compared to 52 weeks in fiscal 2007. I will highlight the impact of the 53rd week on net sales for both the quarter and the full year. As a reminder in March, 2008 we completed the divestiture of the Godiva business. The results of this business are reported as discontinued operations in the income statement for all periods presented. In April we announced a series of initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability including selling certain salty snack food brands and assets in Australia, closing certain production facilities in Canada and Australia, and streamlining our management structure.  As a result of these initiatives Campbell expects to incur aggregate pre-tax costs and charges of approximately $230 million primarily through fiscal 2009. During the fourth quarter we recognized pre-tax costs of $10 million related to these initiatives. We recorded $3 million in restructuring charges and $7 million of associated costs related to accelerated depreciation in cost of products sold. The aggregate after-tax impact was $7 million or $0.02 per share. For the full year we recognized pre-tax costs of $182 million associated with these initiatives of which $175 million is included in restructuring charges and $7 million in cost of products sold. The aggregate after-tax impact was $107 million or $0.28 per share. Our results in the current and prior year included several items that impacted comparability which I will discuss. Our reported net earnings in the quarter were $89 million compared to $61 million a year ago and reported net earnings per share were $0.24 in the current quarter compared to $0.16 per share a year ago. Adjusted net earnings per share in the quarter were $0.26 compared to adjusted net earnings per share in the fourth quarter a year ago of $0.14. Adjusted net earnings per share for the year were $2.09 compared to $1.95 for the prior year. Our review will begin with a discussion of results from continuing operations while highlighting items impacting comparability. I’ll then review the result of discontinued operations also highlighting those items impacting comparability. Finally I will discuss reported net earnings per share and our adjusted net earnings per share which exclude all items impacting comparability. Let’s being our review of continuing operations for the fourth quarter, net sales for the quarter increased 13% to $1.715 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follows: volume and mix subtracted 1%, price and sales allowances added 5%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 4%, divestitures subtracted 2%, and the 53rd week added 8%. Gross margin for the quarter was $664 million compared to $594 million in the prior year. Gross margin percentage for the quarter was 38.7% compared to 39.1% a year ago. The decline in gross margin percentage is primarily due to escalating cost inflation which was only partially offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains. Marketing and selling expenses increased slightly from $261 million to $263 million as the impact of lower advertising in US soup, sauces and beverages and Pepperidge Farm was more than offset by the impact of currency and higher selling expenses. The prior year quarter included [contra] seasonal advertising expenses primarily in US soup. Administrative expenses decreased to $168 million from $170 million as the impact of currency was more than offset by lower incentive compensation costs and lower expenses related to the SAP implementation in North America.  Research and development expenses decreased $2 million to $33 million. Related to our previously announced initiatives we incurred restructuring charges of $3 million during the quarter associated with the streamlining of our management structure.  Other expenses of $9 million compared to income of $12 million in the prior year. The current quarter included $6 million of impairment charges associated with certain international trademarks and the pending sale of the sauce and mayonnaise business comprised of products sold under the Lesieur brand in France. The fourth quarter 2007 results included a $10 million gain from a settlement in lieu of condemnation related to a refrigerated soup facility in Washington State and a $3 million gain from the sale of our business in Papua, New Guinea.  Earnings before interest and taxes for $188 million compared to $140 million in last year’s fourth quarter. Excluding the cost of $10 million related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability, EBIT in the quarter was $198 million as compared to $140 million, an increase of 41%.  Net interest expense was $38 million, flat with the prior year quarter. The tax rate in the fourth quarter was $40.7% compared to 43.1% in the prior year’s quarter. Excluding the rate impact of charges related to the restructuring initiatives the tax rate in the fourth quarter was 40.0%.  Earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $89 million or $0.24 per share compared to $58 million or $0.15 per share in the year ago quarter. The current year included costs of $7 million or $0.02 per share related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. After factoring this item into the reported results, adjusted earnings from continuing operations in the current quarter were $96 million compared to $58 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.26 as compared to $0.15 in the year ago quarter. Earnings from discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of 2007 were $3 million or $0.01 per share. This included an $8 million gain related to the favorable resolution of tax audits in the UK and finalization of the gain on the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses.  Excluding this gain adjusted loss from discontinued operations was $5 million or $0.01 per share reflecting the seasonality of the Godiva business.  Net earnings per share which includes both continuing and discontinued operations were $0.24 for the quarter compared to $0.16 per share a year ago. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability adjusted net earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $0.26 compared to $0.14 in the year ago quarter, an increase of 86%. Fiscal 2008 full year results; now let’s turn to full year results from continuing operations. Net sales for the year increased 8% to $7.998 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 2%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 4%, divestitures subtracted 1% and the 53rd week added 2%. Gross margin for the year was $3.171 billion compared to [$3.1] billion last year. Gross margin percentage for the year decreased to 39.6% from 40.6% a year ago. The decline was primarily due to escalating cost inflation partially offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains.  Marketing and selling expenses increased from $1.106 billion to $1.162 billion primarily due to the impact of currency and higher advertising expenses.  Administrative expenses increased from $571 million to $608 million. The prior year reflects non-cash benefit of $20 million from the reversal of legal reserves due to favorable results in litigation. The remaining increase is primarily due to the impact of currency. Research and development expenses increased $4 million to $115 million primarily due to the impact of currency. Restructuring charges of $175 million included $120 million related to the loss in the sale of certain salty snack brands and assets in Australia, $38 million for plant closures, and $17 million related to the streamlining of the company’s management structure. As already mentioned an additional $7 million of accelerated depreciation was recorded in cost of products sold. Total cost in the fiscal year related to the initiatives were $182 million.  Other expenses of $13 million compared to income of $30 million in the prior year. The current year included $6 million of impairment charges associated with certain international trademarks and the pending sale of the sauce and mayonnaise business in France.  The prior year included a $23 million gain on the sale of an idle Pepperidge Farm manufacturing facility, a $10 million gain from the settlement in lieu of condemnation of the refrigerated soup facility in Washington State, and a $3 million gain from the sale of our business in Papua, New Guinea.  Earnings before interest and taxes were $1.098 billion compared to $1.243 billion in the prior year. The current year included $182 million of charges related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability.  The prior year included the $20 million gain from the reversal of legal reserves and a $23 million gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm facility. Excluding these items earnings before interest and taxes were $1.280 billion compared to $1.200 billion in the prior year, an increase of 7%. Before discussing interest and taxes it is important to note that in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 the company recorded a benefit resulting from the favorable settlement of a bi-lateral advance pricing agreement or APA among the company, the United States and Canada related to royalties. In connection with this settlement the company recorded a tax benefit of $22 million and reduced net interest expense by $4 million or $3 million after-tax. The aggregate impact on earnings from continuing operations was $25 million or $0.06 per share.  Net interest expense was $159 million versus $144 million in the prior year. Excluding the impact of the APA settlement interest expense in the prior year would have been $148 million. The remaining increase is primarily due to a reduction in interest expense in 2007 related to the favorable settlement of the US Federal Income Tax audits and lower levels of capitalized interest. The tax rate for the year was 28.5% compared to 27.9% in the prior year. The current year rate reflects the $13 million tax benefit from the favorable resolution of a state tax matter. The current year also includes the rate impact from the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. Excluding these items the current year tax rate is 31.8%. The prior year included a tax benefit from the APA settlement and rate impact from the reversal of legal reserves and the sale of the idle Pepperidge Farm facility. Excluding these impacts the prior year rate would have been 29.7% which benefited from the reversal of tax reserves related to the favorable resolution of the 2002 to 2004 US Federal Income Tax audits. Earnings from continuing operations for the year were $671 million or $1.76 per share compared to $792 million or $2.00 per share last year. The current year included the $13 million or $0.03 per share tax benefit from the Federal resolution of a state tax matter and $107 million or $0.28 per share in charges related to the initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability. The prior year included a $13 million or $0.03 per share gain from the reversal of legal reserves, the aggregate favorable impact of $25 million or $0.06 per share from the APA settlement and a $14 million or $0.04 per share gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm facility. Excluding these items adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $765 million versus $740 million in the prior year and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations would have been $2.01 per share versus $1.87 per share in the prior year, an increase of 7%. The growth in adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations reflects a decline in diluted shares outstanding primarily due to the company’s strategic share repurchase programs as well as repurchases utilizing net proceeds from the divestitures of Godiva and the UK and Ireland businesses. Earnings from discontinued operations were $494 million or $1.30 per share versus $62 million or $0.16 per share a year ago. The current year included a $462 million gain or $1.21 per share on the sale of Godiva. The prior year included a $31 million gain or $0.08 per share related to the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses and the resolution of prior year tax audits in the UK. Excluding these items adjusted earnings from discontinued operations were $32 million or $0.08 per share versus $31 million or $0.08 in the prior year. Combining continuing and discontinued operations net earnings per share for the year were $3.06 per share compared to $2.16 per share last year. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability adjusted net earnings per share were $2.09 compared to $1.95 per share a year ago, an increase of 7%. Now let’s turn to reporting segments for both the fourth quarter and full year, US soups, sauces and beverages sales for the fourth quarter rose 12% to $673 million from $601 million in the year ago quarter. Here is the breakdown of the change in sales: price and sales allowances added 5%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, and the 53rd week added 8%. Now let’s touch on a few highlights for the fourth quarter. On a reported basis US soup sales increased 15% with condensed up 14%, ready-to-serve up 13%, and broth up 21%. Excluding the benefit of the 53rd week, US soup sales increased 6%, condensed soup sales increased 6%, ready-to-serve soup sales increased 5% and broth sales increased 13%. Sales of condensed soups increased with gains in both eating and cooking varieties. Ready-to-serve soup sales increased due to solid gains in Campbell’s Chunky soups in both cans and microwavable bowls. Swanson broth continued its strong record of sales increases.  During the fourth quarter the company completed a purchase of the Wolfgang Puck soup, stock and broth businesses. Beverage sales increased primarily driven by the impact of the 53rd and continued growth of V-8 V-Fusion.  Prego pasta sauces increased primarily due to the 53rd week while Pace Mexican sauces increased due to the 53rd week and the benefit of recently launched specialty [sauces]. Operating earnings increased 48% to $124 million from $84 million in the year ago quarter primarily due to higher pricing, productivity improvement, lower marketing expense and the benefit of the 53rd week partially offset by the impact of cost inflation. Now let’s turn to the full year results for this segment, sales of $3.674 billion rose 5% from $3.495 billion a year ago. The change in sales breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, and the 53rd week added 1%.  On a reported basis US soup sales increased 2% for the year. Excluding the benefit of the 53rd week US soup sales increased 1% with condensed flat, ready-to-serve up 1% and broth up 11%. Gains in condensed cooking varieties were offset by declines in eating varieties. Gains in Chunky and Select cans were partially offset by a decline in the convenience platform. The entire soup portfolio continues to benefit from the success of our lower sodium products. Swanson broth sales increased double-digits driven by continued growth of aseptically packaged varieties. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week, beverage sales increased double-digits primarily driven by consumer demand for healthy beverages. Gains were realized on V8 vegetable juice, V8 V-Fusion, and V8 Splash. Beverage sales benefited from the new distribution agreement in fiscal 2008 with the Coca Cola Company and Coca Cola Enterprises Inc. to distribute Campbell’s single serve refrigerated beverages in North America. Sales of Prego pasta sauces and Pace Mexican sauces increased. Operating earnings were $891 million versus $861 million reported a year ago. The operating earnings increase was primarily due to higher sales volume, productivity savings, and higher price realization partially offset by cost inflation. Baking and snacking, sales for the fourth quarter increased 13% to $533 million from $471 million in the year ago quarter. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 1%, price and sales allowances added 8%, increased promotional spending subtracted 3%, currency added 5%, divestitures subtracted 6% and the 53rd week added 8%. Pepperidge Farm sales increased double-digits primarily driven by growth in both cookies and crackers and bakery businesses and the benefit of the 53rd week. Excluding the benefit of the 53rd week cookies and crackers achieved strong sales growth driven by higher consumer demand for Goldfish crackers, the launch of baked naturals, an adult savory snack cracker and growth in cookies. Bakery sales increased double-digits driven by gains in wholegrain varieties and sandwich rolls. Arnott’s sales increased primarily due to the favorable impact of currency, the benefit of the 53rd week and biscuit growth partially offset by the divestiture of certain salty snack brands.  Operating earnings increased 47% to $72 million from $49 million. The increase is due to higher earnings in Arnott’s, the benefit of the 53rd week and the favorable impact of currency. Sales for the year increased 11% to $2.058 billion from $1.850 billion a year ago.  The change in sales for the year breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 2%, price and sales allowances added 6%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 5%, divestitures subtracted 3% and the 53rd week added 2%.  Let’s look at a few highlights for the year, Pepperidge Farm sales increased primarily driven by growth in all businesses; cookies and crackers, bakery, and frozen. Cookies and crackers posted strong sales gains due to the continued growth of Goldfish, the launch of baked naturals and the growth in distinctive cookie varieties. Bakery sales increased driven by gains in the wholegrain varieties and sandwich rolls. Arnott’s sales increased due to the Federal impact of currency, biscuit growth and the benefit of the 53rd week partially offset by the divestitures of certain salty snack brands in Australia and our biscuit business in Papua, New Guinea. Operating earnings were $120 million versus $238 million a year ago. The current year included $144 million in restructuring charges related to the previously discussed initiatives. Fiscal 2007 earnings included a $23 million gain from the sale of a Pepperidge Farm facility.  Excluding these items the remaining increase in operating earnings was due to earnings growth in Arnott’s biscuit business, the favorable impact of currency, and gains in Pepperidge Farm.  International soup, sauces and beverages, sales for the quarter rose 17% to $362 million from $310 million. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows: volume and mix subtracted 3%, price and sales allowances added 1%, currency added 11%, and the 53rd week added 8%. In Europe sales increased due to the benefit of the 53rd week, the favorable impact of currency and gains in Belgium which were partially offset by declines in France and in Germany where we exited the private label business.  In the Asia Pacific region sales increased due to the benefit of the 53rd week, the favorable impact of currency and growth in the Australian soup business. In Canada sales increased due to the benefit of the 53rd week and the favorable impact of currency.  Operating earnings increased to $27 million from $18 million a year ago. The current quarter included $3 million of restructuring charges. Excluding this item the remaining increase was due to growth in Canada, the favorable impact of currency and the benefit of the 53rd week partially offset by impairment charges on certain trademark and costs to launch products in Russia and China. Sales for the year increased 15% to $1.610 billion from $1.402 billion a year ago. The change in sales for the year breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 2%, currency added 11%, and the 53rd week added 2%. In Europe sales increased due to the favorable impact of currency, the benefit of the 53rd week, and volume driven gains in Belgium partially offset by a decline in Germany. In the Asia Pacific region sales increased due to the favorable impact of currency, growth in the Australian soup business, and the benefit of the 53rd week.  In Canada sales increased primarily due to the favorable impact of currency, the benefit of the 53rd week and growth in soup and beverages. Operating earnings increased to $179 million from $168 million a year ago. The fiscal 2008 earnings included $9 million of restructuring charges.  Excluding this item the remaining increase was due to the favorable impact of currency and growth in Canada and Australia soup, partially offset by costs to launch products in Russia and China and impairment charges on certain trademarks. North America food service, sales for the quarter increased 7% to $147 million from $138 million in the year ago period. The change in sales breaks down as follows: volume and mix subtracted 6%, price and sales allowances added 4%, currency added 1% and the 53rd week added 8%. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week sales declined primarily due to declines in refrigerated soups, partially offset by gains in frozen and canned soups. Operating earnings decreased from $17 million to zero. The current quarter included $7 million of costs related to improving operational efficiency and long-term profitability. The prior year included a $10 million gain related to the settlement in lieu of condemnation on a refrigerated soup facility in Washington State. For the year, sales grew 3% to $656 million from $638 million.  The change in sales for the year breaks down as follows: volume and mix subtracted 2%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 2%, the 53rd week added 2%. Excluding the benefit of the 53rd week and currency, sales declined reflecting the weakness in the food service sector.  Operating earnings decreased to $40 million from $78 million in the prior year. The current year included $29 million of restructuring charges and related costs to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability.  The prior year included a $10 million gain related to the settlement in lieu of condemnation on a refrigerated soup facility partially offset by relocation and start-up costs associated with the replacement facility. The current year earnings were also adversely impacted by cost inflation, partially offset by higher selling prices and productivity gains. That completes my discussion of operating segments. For the full year unallocated corporate expenses increased from $102 million in 2007 to $132 million in 2008. The increase was primarily due to the prior year $20 million benefit from the reversal of legal reserves, a prior year gain on the sale of the Papua, New Guinea business, and a current year impairment loss on the pending sale of the sauce and mayonnaise business in France. Now let’s turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from operations for the year was $766 million compared to $674 million a year ago. The increase is primarily due to a reduction in payments to settle foreign currency hedging transactions and lower investment and working capital partially offset by tax payments primarily associated with the divestiture of Godiva. Capital expenditures were $298 million as compared to $334 million in fiscal 2007. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2009 to be approximately $400 million. The increase in spending in fiscal 2009 is due to the previously announced expansion and enhancement of the company’s corporate headquarters and expansion of the company’s beverage production capacity.  A significant portion of the expansion of the headquarters facility has been delayed to fiscal 2009. During the 2008 fiscal year we repurchased 26 million shares at a total cost of $903 million. We completed a three year $600 million share repurchase program and we used $600 million of the net proceeds of the sale of Godiva to repurchase shares. Additionally we repurchase shares under our ongoing practice to offset the issuance of shares under our incentive compensation plan. With the completion during the year of our previous strategic repurchase plan, The Board authorized a new program to purchase up to $1.2 billion of shares over the next three years. Total debt was $2.615 billion compared to $2.669 billion in the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents were $81 million as compared to $71 million in 2007. Net debt which deducts cash and cash equivalents from total debt was $2.534 billion versus $2.598 billion. This concludes my discussion of the year. Before I close, I’ll make a few comments about our expectations for fiscal 2009.  We expect sales excluding the negative impact of one less week in the fiscal year and our recent divestitures to grow in excess of our long-term target rate of 3% to 4%. Our pricing actions across our portfolio will contribute to this growth. On the cost side, we continue to face significant rates of inflation across ingredients, packaging items, and energy. In fiscal 2008 we experienced inflation of approximately 7% to 8% on these items. For fiscal 2009 we are forecasting this rate to increase to 9% to 10%. Factoring in pricing as well as our ongoing productivity savings programs, we expect our gross margin percentage to remain relatively flat for the year with improvements more in the back half of the year. We anticipate our EBIT growth rate excluding items impacting comparability to be slightly below our long-term target growth rate of 5% to 6% reflecting the impact of one less week, marketing spending behind our higher levels of innovation in the US and increased investment spending in the emerging markets of Russia and China.  Consistent with our long-term target EPS growth rate, we expect adjusted net earnings per share to growth between 5% and 7% from the adjusted base of $2.09. This EPS growth reflects the benefit of utilizing our cash flow including the net proceeds of the Godiva sale to repurchase shares.  That concludes my review of our results and I will now turn it back to the operator for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Regarding the broad strength in the portfolio albeit in the seasonally small period what does that say about the category. I know you’ve been reluctant to kind of give numbers on the category but it seems like Progresso is doing well, you’re doing well, are you seeing moves from the consumer back to soup as a relatively inexpensive meal? Just talk a bit about that dynamic please.
Douglas Conant : Anecdotally we’re seeing traction for the category and for our business but I must say a lot of it is driven by the innovation we’re bringing to the category. We have ramped up our gravity fed shelving program and our numbers are up versus last year and condensed ready-to-serve and convenience segments we have ramped up our new product profile with Select Harvest and the launch of V8 aseptically packaged soups. So there’s a lot of activity that’s starting to drive increased interest as well. So its hard to [tease] out how much is a natural flow into the category as consumers look for value and how much is in response to the initiatives we’ve put out. But overall I’m cautiously optimistic that the category is well positioned in the store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia: On next year’s guidance, I’m trying to figure out what kind of pricing versus volume you’re assuming. You’re talking about above trend sales growth and I think we all know there’s some inflationary factors there but how much are you planning for on the pricing side and should volume actually accelerate? 
Douglas Conant : On the pricing side, we’re driving off a principal that pricing and productivity needs to offset the cost increase and we don’t get into specific forecasting on pricing and volume but that principal will be in play in fiscal year 2009. We’re determined to make sure that we do a better job of protecting our margins this year then we did last year. 
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia: I guess to address the volume question are you seeing any unusual behavior or improved performance out of the store brand competition as consumers might seek value?
Douglas Conant : No we’re not.
Anthony DiSilvestro : Just to add, in terms of fiscal 2009 as I mentioned, we expect gross margin percentage to be flat however we do expect on a dollar basis the combination of pricing and [inaudible] to exceed cost inflation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer - UBS 
David Palmer - UBS : Could you provide any detail on your projected productivity savings in fiscal 2009 either dollar numbers, I know you’re talking around it at around gross margins, but is there a step change that’s going on this year or is that maybe—do you think its maybe further out with regard to your incremental savings and furthermore could you give any sense of how much of a step change there may be this year in reinvestment in those start-up markets?
Anthony DiSilvestro : Looking forward to fiscal 2009 we do expect to see a modest increase in the level of productivity savings to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million. 
Douglas Conant : As far as the investment in emerging markets, we are—this past year we roughly spent about a $0.05 a share in those markets. In fiscal 2009 we expect to double that investment to roughly $0.10 a share and we’re doing that while still delivering our expected range of 5% to 7%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: In terms of the input costs outlook for fiscal 2009 you’ve talked about 9% to 10%, can you tell us how much of that is covered or hedged at this point so we get the view on how much visibility you have on that number and then in terms of how the recent commodity pull back impacts your ability to take further pricing in 2009 and whether you’re seeing or hearing any push back from retailers in your ability to continue to take pricing going forward. 
Anthony DiSilvestro : Depending on the commodity that we’re looking at our hedge position ranges somewhere between 50% and 100% and probably averages somewhere in the middle and just to expand on this 9% to 10% inflation in 2009, we are seeing escalating rates in a number of items including items such as beef and corn and vegetables and tomato paste, those two are impacted by fertilizer costs as well as [nat] gas costs to process them. And we’re also seeing escalating rates of inflation on a number of packaging materials such as cans, glass and resins. 
Douglas Conant : I believe most of the peer companies are also seeing on average higher inflation for the coming year then they saw last year. And so as our—the customers with their own brands. So right now we see a market that is trying to price and leverage pricing and productivity to cover costs and I expect that’s going to continue this year. I don’t see any—I have not seen any change in the behavior of our customers in this regard. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Are there any price increases that you’ve announced recently that will come through in the next month or couple of months?
Douglas Conant : We have taken prices up in some areas in our Campbell USA operation recently given the cost pressure and they should be working their way through the system during the first half of this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: On new product shipments in the fiscal fourth quarter, was the change in new product shipments material on a year-on-year basis? I know you usually ship late July at the tail end of the quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro : The number of new items that we shipped this year was a little bit higher then last year but in terms of sales dollars it wasn’t meaningful. 
Douglas Conant : Also in terms of the inventory levels with our customers it wasn’t meaningful either. It was very comparable to prior year. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: It seems that your primary competitor in ready-to-serve took pricing later in the season then you did. My understanding is they’ve only implemented it fairly recently, do you expect to see a different pattern in terms of year-over-year share performance versus your competitor in ready-to-serve this year given that you’ve put your pricing into the market earlier?
Douglas Conant : We’re in unchartered waters here in terms of the way the pricing has materialized and the competitiveness of the category. Every year we go in expecting to be very competitive on the share front. I would say we expect to be more competitive then we have been on the share front but I wouldn’t want to—I wouldn’t forecast share given that we really don’t talk about it because we’re prohibited to given our relationship with certain customers. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Do you think that the RTS category is strong enough that even if you don’t see significant share gains this year that you could put up some decent growth through your new products and the like? 
Douglas Conant : We know the category will respond to innovation and we’re putting our best foot forward on innovation this year through Campbell Select Harvest with meaningful spending and also with our V8 soup line and significant attention to Chunky. So we expect the ready-to-serve category to be very vital as well as condensed and broth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Can I ask you to focus a little on beverage, the sales growth in the quarter was positive but it seems to be growing at a slower rate then during the course of the year, you had a great growth rate thanks to the relationship with CCE, what are your expectations for this year and why do you think the growth rate kind of slowed a little bit in fourth quarter?
Douglas Conant : We had a couple of things going on in the fourth quarter; first of all we’re lapping some huge numbers from prior year so we anticipated some degree of slowdown given the numbers we were lapping. The second issue is that we basically didn’t have enough capacity to ship V8—we had more demand for V8 V-Fusion then we had capacity and we pulled back our spending in the fourth quarter as we were trying to build inventories and meet the needs of the market.  So we were lapping big numbers, we pulled back the consumer spending and we shipped what we could but we couldn’t ship to meet the demand. We are operating more beverage capacity on line and so I think as we bring the capacity online, restore the spending, and continue to build out on the Coca Cola, Coca Cola Enterprises alliance that we should be back on trend with that as we go through this year.  We’re cautiously optimistic that we’re going to resume the kind of strong growth we had in the first half of the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So it could be double-digit growth?
Douglas Conant : I don’t think we want to forecast what we’re expecting but I think growth is as we said. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : We seen a lot of data on food inflation in both Russia and China and I’m wondering if you could give us a sense if that’s good or bad. Typically when we see a trade down here in the US that less expensive meals it benefits your soup business but I’m wondering if you’re seeing any impact in either of those markets?
Douglas Conant : Right now we have good value propositions in each market and we’re seeing very solid trial numbers and repeat numbers from both markets based on the offerings at the price points that we have and the marketing propositions we have so there’s no evidence that there’s an inflation affect on our proposition. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Have you been forced to take the same type of pricing there? Can you talk about your costs as you enter those markets?
Douglas Conant : We are pricing to maintain our margins there just as we are here and also it’s important to know in both Russia and China the important consideration is the fact that salaries are rising faster then food prices so the emerging middle class is able to afford to handle the food prices. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just wanted to clarify a point you made earlier about pricing, you said you made some price increases in I think you said Campbell US, so that was not soup I presume in terms of incremental pricing, that was the other elements of the category, of the division?
Douglas Conant : It was broadly speaking it was across the Campbell portfolio and it included some soup items. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Related to that, you’ve taken up your expectation for cost inflation in 2009 and I guess you’ve gotten some incremental pricing here in the US, so do you think your pricing today will cover your costs as you know today including the cost savings coming through?
Douglas Conant : We have a lot of confidence in our ability to manage our way through this, and hit our earnings targets with good spending so I think the guidance we’re providing today would suggest that we have sufficient pricing to cover costs. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: On international and if you would regard this as a disappointing quarter given that underlying sales were down and to what extent you think you need acquisitions there or maybe more marketing dollars or something to kind of spur the growth in international overall for you?
Douglas Conant : Actually I feel very good about international. I wouldn’t read into the quarter. We’ve had a lot of puts and takes for the quarter but if I look at the year, for the first time in a long time, we’ve got our European soup business growing again both on a top line and a bottom. As we peel back the UK and Ireland and really focused on our core soup businesses on [inaudible] and Europe we’ve started to deliver better results. I feel the same way about Asia Pacific where we had a very good year on Arnott’s and biscuits but also delivered excellent growth in Campbell’s soups.  And I feel the same way about Canada and Mexico as well where we delivered good top and bottom line growth so overall I feel like we have a more solid portfolio here. We’ve stripped out the parts of the portfolio that were dragging and holding us back. We’re always vigilantly looking for opportunities to add to the portfolio and if we see one we will but we’re going to be very careful on that front.  We’ve now got a portfolio that we think we can manage and drive for profitable growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the international, foreign exchange was—added 4% to your sales this year and with the dollar strengthening, how are you thinking about the dollar on a go forward basis and what’s baked into your algorithm for next year for the dollar?
Anthony DiSilvestro : I think out outlook for the dollar is to be relatively stable for where it’s been of late and not a big move either way but certainly obviously that could change. We’ll have to watch it very closely. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities: I just wanted to focus on Pepperidge Farm for a second, it would seem that maybe pricing is going to be the bigger driver of top line growth in fiscal 2009, is that a fair assessment or can you touch on some of the volume drivers and maybe some new products that will drive that?
Douglas Conant : We expect solid growth again from Pepperidge Farm. We’ve had four straight years of very solid growth but we are in unchartered waters on pricing. We basically on many of our bakery items had to take a price up five times this past year—any where from three to five times and we don’t know how long the category can manage sustain this kind of pricing but right now are expectations are that we’re going to have good volume growth, that pricing will compliment that growth.  There’s no evidence to suggest that won’t happen but we are getting into unchartered waters on price. We expect a solid year with good volume and mix impact and added impact from pricing. 
Edgar Roesch – Soleil Securities: Some of the drivers of the volume would continue to be--?
Douglas Conant : We continue to do very well on wholegrain breads and we have some initiatives there to strengthen our wholegrain propositions. There are initiatives and increased spending against Goldfish which is doing quite well on the national expansion of baked naturals in our cracker business and some solid blocking and tackling in cookies. So we’ve got a good solid innovation platform across all three key areas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens – JP Morgan 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan : If you look at what you reported versus what we see in Neilson, the implication is double-digit growth in unmeasured channels is there anything you’re doing differently in Wal-Mart versus the regular grocery chain that might help us look at that?
Douglas Conant : Unmeasured channels goes well beyond Wal-Mart, it includes a lot of club activity and other outlets. I don’t comment on specific customer behavior. I would say that we have some solid strategies that have been consistently working in unmeasured channels which is why our net sales have historically tracked well ahead of what you’ve been able to track in terms of consumer take away and while our inventory levels have remained the same with our customers. So we’ve got good solid plans working there and I really don’t want to get into how we’re driving the business. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan : Obviously General Mills has put their foot in the broth category and as you look at the first half you had a very good first quarter, extremely good second quarter, are you worried about how the broth business is going to evolve as we move into winter?
Douglas Conant : Not at all, it’s a great growth category for us. We’re ready to deal with any and all competitors. We expect a very strong year in broth and stock this year. I’m not at all concerned about it. But our presence will be felt in that category this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Regarding emerging markets, does the current more antagonistic political environment in Russia change your thinking about how you invest in that market? And in light of the, you mentioned about $0.10 a share of costs for FY09 in emerging markets, has there been any change in your posture that these emerging markets will begin to contribute maybe in that three to five year time period? 
Douglas Conant : Related to the political climate change, as we went into this market we were prepared for this. We weren’t expecting the [halcyon] days to go forever. We had our eyes wide open here and our business proposition we believe is going to work in this time and in more turbulent times. I believe that at least on the consumer products front, there is big demand for these products and the companies that are able to deliver them faster, better and more completely then the others, will win. So we have a lot of confidence in our ability to service the Russian market in this climate. I think if we were in the oil and gas or mining business we might have a—or forestry business, we might have a little more concern. But not in the soup business, so we’re confident there. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: You spend about $0.05 in 2008 in emerging markets, now $0.10 in 2009; does that change how you’re thinking about when these markets contribute to earnings? 
Douglas Conant : We continue to operate with this three to five outlook but you better believe we’re looking to make it more [inaudible] sooner but we’re just wrapping up year one in these markets and we’ve had a lot of learning and we’re to implement and leverage that learning in year two and we’ll see. We’ve seen nothing that would say that we shouldn’t be able to turn the corner in these markets in three to five years.  
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of David Palmer - UBS 
David Palmer - UBS : This is a general question about how you’re thinking strategically about growth, it seems like in food and restaurants the companies that have strong brands that also participate in categories or in price tiers that scream value are doing really well, McDonald’s dollar menu might be an example, you might think Kraft Mac and Cheese might be another example, you have condensed theoretically with your big advertising budget, one of the biggest brands in grocery you should be able to use that as a weapon—I know people have kind of touched on this, but are you thinking that way? And then on the other side of the coin in terms of the trade down risk, you had a rough year in microwavable, any strategy to shore that up from what presumably would be trade down risk?
Douglas Conant : In terms of condensed, we clearly recognize there’s a value proposition there and we’re going to exploit it. We’re exploiting it in two ways, one directly with the consumer but also partnering with our customers who are hungry to exploit value driven categories and they see the value that condensed soup can bring in this environment. So a lot of this is partnering with our customers in addition to the consumer proposition.  So we see the value opportunity and we’re going to make the most of it. In the ready-to-serve category its interesting and we haven’t cracked the code on this completely, what we do know is when we emphasize our canned ready-to-serve products our microwavable and cups tend to do a little less well.  When we emphasize microwave the canned products don’t do as well. So we’ve got I think a more enlightened business proposition here where we’re going to be building both in a targeted way but we have to work our way through that. I am not concerned about the net performance of our sales in soup. We’ll manage the mix in a way that’s profitable for us and in terms of mix management if we sell more condensed soup and more canned ready-to-serve soup, we’ll be fine.  And we’ll manage our way through it. 
Leonard Griehs : Thank you everyone for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leonard F. Griehs - Vice President, Investor Relations Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Vice President, Controller Robert A. Schiffner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Douglas R. Conant - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citigroup  Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Pi Aquino - Credit Suisse Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery  Todd Duvick - Banc of America  David Palmer - UBS  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Len Griehs, Investor Relations Vice President. You may begin. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Good morning, everyone. On our call this morning Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller, will discuss results for our third quarter and nine months; Bob Schiffner, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will then offer some comments. A question-and-answer session follows. Doug Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer, will join us for that portion of the call.  Earlier this morning, our results were published along with a supplemental schedule for the quarter. Both those items are now posted also on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. The replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after we are completed and it will run through midnight, May 26th. The replay number is 1-888-266-2081, or 1-703-925-2533, and the access code is 1236095.  The call is broadcast over the Internet and you may listen by logging on to our website, campbellsoupcompany.com, and clicking on the webcast banner. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about its future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These include statements concerning the impact of marketing investments and strategies, share repurchase, pricing, new product introductions and innovation, cost-savings initiatives, quality improvements and portfolio strategies, including divestitures, impact on sales, earnings and margins and other factors described in our most recent 10-K as updated from time to time by the company in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement made by the company.  Our discussion includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable measures, which is available on our investor website and it’s also attached to the earnings release.  Now to discuss our third quarter and nine month results, Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Good morning. Before I begin my review, I would like to make a few comments regarding the basis of presentation of our results. In March 2008, we completed the divestiture of the Godiva business. The results of this business are reported as a discontinued operation on the income statement for all periods presented.  Also in the third quarter, we have recorded restructuring charges related to a series of previously announced initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and long-term profitability, including selling certain salty snack food brands and assets in Australia, closing certain production facilities in Canada and Australia, and the streamlining of our management structure.  Our review will begin with a discussion of results from continuing operations while highlighting items impacting comparability. I will then review the results of discontinued operations, also highlighting the items impacting comparability.  From our combined total results, including continuing and discontinued operations, I will provide a detailed reconciliation of reported net earnings per share to our adjusted net earnings per share excluding all items impacting comparability.  Adjusted net earnings per share in the quarter were $0.43 compared to adjusted net earnings per share in the third quarter a year ago of $0.45. For the nine months of the fiscal year, adjusted net earnings per share were $1.82 compared to adjusted net earnings per share a year ago of $1.80.  Let’s begin our review of continuing operations. Sales for the quarter grew 7% to $1.880 billion. Sales growth for the quarter breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 1%, price and sales allowances added 3%, increased promotional spending deducted 1%, currency added 4%. Gross margin declined to 38.6% from 39.9% in the prior year. The decline is primarily due to escalating cost inflation partially offset by higher sell-in prices and productivity gains.  Marketing and selling expenses increased $7 million to $284 million, primarily due to currency.  Administrative expenses increased $30 million to $158 million. The prior year includes a non-cash benefit of $20 million from the reversal of legal reserves due to favorable results in litigation. The remaining change is due to currency and higher compensation costs.  Restructuring expense of $172 million included $120 million related to the impairment charges to adjust the net assets of the Salty Snack brands to net realizable value, $38 million for plant closings, and $14 million related to streamlining the company’s management structure.  Earnings before interest and taxes were $82 million compared to $269 million a year ago.  Excluding the current year impact of the restructuring charges and the prior year benefit from the reversal of legal reserves, EBIT was $254 million as compared to $249 million, an increase of 2%.  Before discussing interest and taxes, it is important to note that in the third quarter of fiscal 2007, the company recorded a benefit resulting from the favorable settlement of a bilateral advanced pricing agreement, or APA, between the company, the United States, and Canada related to royalties. In connection with this settlement, the company recorded a tax benefit of $22 million and reduced net interest expense by $4 million, or $3 million after tax. The aggregate impact on earnings from continuing operations was $25 million, or $0.06 per share.  Net interest expense was $37 million, up from $27 million a year ago. The prior year includes the $4 million benefit from the APA settlement. The remaining change was primarily due to the prior year benefit from the reversal of interest accruals related to the federal resolution of income tax audits.  In the current quarter, the company recorded a tax rate benefit of 20% compared to a tax rate expense of 13.2% a year ago.  The current year includes a $72 million tax benefit related to the restructuring charge of $172 million. Excluding the rate impact related to the restructuring, the tax rate would have been 29%.  The prior year includes the tax benefit from the APA settlement and a rate impact from the reversal of legal reserves. Excluding these impacts, the prior year rate would have been 21.1%, which benefited from the reversal of tax reserves related to the favorable resolution of the 2002 to 2004 U.S. federal income tax audits.  Earnings from continuing operations in the quarter were $54 million compared to $210 million a year ago. Earnings per share were $0.14 compared to $0.53 in the year-ago quarter. The current year includes $100 million, or $0.26 per share, of after-tax restructuring charges. The prior year includes a $13 million gain, or $0.03 per share from the reversal of legal reserves and the aggregate impact of $25 million or $0.06 per share from the APA settlement.  After factoring these items into reported results, adjusted earnings from continuing operations in the current quarter were $154 million compared to $172 million in year ago and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations would have been $0.40 compared to $0.44 in the year ago quarter.  Earnings from discontinued operations for the quarter were $478 million versus $7 million a year ago. The current year reflects a $707 million pretax, or $467 million after tax gain, $1.23 per share, related to the sale of Godiva.  Net earnings per share, which includes both continuing and discontinued operations, for the quarter were $1.40 compared to $0.55 a year ago. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability, adjusted net earnings per share in the third quarter were $0.43 compared to $0.45 a year ago.  Now let’s turn to year-to-date performance, beginning with continuing operations. Net sales grew 7% to $6.283 billion. Sales growth for the nine months breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending deducted 1%, currency added 3%. Gross margin declined to 39.9% from 41%. The decline is primarily due to cost inflation and higher promotional spending, partially offset by productivity gains and higher selling prices.  Marketing and selling expenses increased $54 million to $899 million, primarily due to currency and higher advertising expenses. Administrative expenses increased $39 million to $440 million. The prior year includes a non-cash benefit of $20 million from the reversal of legal reserves. The remaining increase is due to the impact of currency and higher compensation costs.  Research and development costs increased $6 million to $82 million. Restructuring expense of $172 million included $120 million related to the impairment charges to adjust the net assets of the salty snack brands to net realizable value, $38 million for plant closings, and $14 million related to streamlining the company’s management structure.  Other expense was $4 million compared to other income of $18 million a year ago. The prior year includes a $23 million gain on the sale of the idle Pepperidge Farm manufacturing facility.  Earnings before interest and taxes were $910 million compared to $1.103 billion a year ago. The current year includes $172 million of restructuring charges. The prior year includes a $23 million gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm facility and the $20 million benefit from the reversal of legal reserves.  Excluding these items, EBIT increased to $1.082 billion from $1.060 billion, an increase of 2%. Net interest expense was $121 million, up from $106 million a year ago. The prior year includes the $4 million benefit related to the APA settlement. The remaining change is due to a reduction in capitalized interest and the prior year reversal of interest accrual related to the favorable resolution of income tax audits.  The tax rate was 26.2% compared to 26.4% a year ago. The current year rate reflects a $13 million tax benefit from the favorable resolution of a state tax matter recorded in the second quarter. The current year also includes the rate impact from the restructuring charges. Excluding these items, the current year tax rate was 30.4%.  Adjusting the prior year for the APA settlement, as well as the tax rate impacts from the related interest adjustment, the Pepperidge Farm facility sale, and the reversal of legal reserves, the tax rate in the prior year would have been 28.2%. We expect the tax rate for the full fiscal year to be approximately 31%.  Earnings from continuing operations for the nine months were $582 million, compared to $734 million a year ago. Earnings per share were $1.51, compared to $1.84 in the prior year. The current year includes $100 million or $0.26 per share of after tax restructuring charges, and the $13 million or $0.03 per share tax benefit from the state tax matter. The prior year includes a $14 million after-tax, or $0.04 per share gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm facility, a $13 million or $0.03 per share benefit from the reversal of legal reserves, and the aggregate favorable impact of $25 million, or $0.06 per share from the APA settlement.  Excluding these items, adjusted earnings from continuing operations for the nine months were $669 million, compared to $682 million a year ago, and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations would have been $1.74 compared to $1.71 in the prior year, a 2% increase.  Earnings from discontinued operations for the nine months were $494 million versus $59 million a year ago. The current year reflects an after tax gain from the sale of Godiva of $462 million, or $1.20 per share. The prior year reflects a $39 million pretax, $23 million after tax gain, or $0.06 per share from the sale of the U.K. and Ireland businesses.  Combining continuing and discontinued operations, net earnings per share for the nine months were $2.79 compared to $1.99 a year ago. Excluding the items previously mentioned that impact comparability, adjusted net earnings per share were $1.82 compared to $1.80 a year ago, an increase of 1%.  Now let’s turn to operating highlights by reporting segment. I will primarily discuss the numbers for the quarter. The supplemental schedule attached to the financial release contains nine months comparisons. I will offer some comments in the year-to-date numbers where they make comparisons more meaningful.  U.S. soup, sauces, and beverages -- sales for the quarter of $811 million compared to $810 million in the year ago quarter. The components of sales change for the quarter break down as follows: volume and mix subtracted 1%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%. Total soup sales declined 3% for the quarter. Condensed soup sales were flat; ready-to-serve soup sales declined 9%, and broth sales increased 5%. This compares to a very strong quarter a year ago in which condensed sales grew 4% and both read-to-serve and broth each grew 17%.  In condensed, sales growth in eating varieties was offset by a decline in cooking varieties. Both healthy request condensed and lower sodium soups grew sales. Sales of ready-to-serve soups decreased 9%. Sales of both Campbell Select and Campbell's Chunky Cans declined.  Sales of convenience products, which includes soups in microwaveable bowls and cups, were down slightly as sales gains in cups were more than offset by a decline in bowls.  Across the ready-to-serve portfolio, sales were adversely impacted by less effective promotional spending and lower levels of advertising.  Broth sales increased due to increasing consumer demand for aseptically packaged broths and the introduction of additional sizes. Across the portfolio, sales benefited from reduced sodium products, which continued to perform well.  Commenting now on nine month performance, total soup sales increased to 1%, condensed soup sales declined 1%, ready-to-serve soup sales were flat, and broth sales increased 11%. The decline in condensed soup sales was due primarily to lower sales of adult eating varieties.  In ready-to-serve, sales gains in chunky and select cans were offset by declines in the convenience platform. Broth sales increased due to a strong holiday season and the launch of additional sizes of aseptically packaged broths. Returning to third quarter performance, I will now comment on highlights of our other categories in this reporting segment. The beverage business reported strong sales growth, primarily due to gains in V8 V-Fusion, which was introduced two years ago and continues to grow as we have introduced new varieties.  Sales of V8 vegetable juice declined slightly compared to a very strong quarter a year ago. Prego Pasta Sauce sales were flat for the quarter, while sales of Pace Mexican Sauces declined slightly.  Operating earnings for U.S. soup, sauces, and beverages were $172 million, compared with $181 million in the prior period. The decline in operating earnings was primarily driven by cost inflation partially offset by higher net selling prices and productivity gains.  Baking and snacking -- sales for the quarter were $502 million, compared with $441 million, an increase of 14%. Sales growth for the quarter breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 4%, price and sales allowance added 6%, increased promotional spending deducted 1%, currency added 6%. The divestiture of our Papua, New Guinea business subtracted 1%.  Let’s review some sales highlights in the quarter. Pepperidge Farm achieved double-digit sales growth with gains in all businesses -- cookies and crackers, bakery, and frozen. In cookies and crackers, sales gains were driven by the continued strong performance of Goldfish Snack Crackers and the launch of Baked Naturals, an adult savory snack cracker.  Bakery posted double-digit sales gains, driven primarily by continued consumer demand for whole grain breads and growth in sandwich rolls.  Arnott sales increased due to the favorable impact of currency and solid gains in the biscuit business, principally related to savory snack products. Operating losses were $92 million versus $45 million of operating earnings a year ago. The current year includes $144 million of restructuring charges. The remaining increase was primarily driven by the favorable impact of currency and gains in Arnott.  Pepperidge Farm earnings were flat, as the benefit of higher sales was offset by higher commodity costs.  International soups, sauces, and beverages -- sales were $400 million compared to $341 million, an increase of 17%. Sales growth breaks down as follows -- volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances subtracted 1%, reduced promotional spending added 1%, currency added 14%.  Let’s review some highlights of sales growth for the quarter. Sales in Europe increased primarily due to the favorable impact of currency partially offset by a decline in Germany, due to our exiting the private label business. Sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased due to the favorable impact of currency and double-digit growth in the Australia soup business. Canada sales increased due to the favorable impact of currency and gains in ready-to-serve soups and beverages.  Operating earnings were $40 million compared to $43 million in the prior year. The current quarter includes $6 million of restructuring charges. The remaining operating earnings increase was driven by the favorable impact of currency and gains in Australia and Canada, partially offset by cost to launch products in Russia and China.  North America food service -- sales were $167 million compared to $158 million, an increase of 6%. Sales growth breaks down as follows -- volume and mix deducted 1%, price and sales allowances added 2%, reduced promotional spending added 3%, currency added 2%. Excluding the favorable impact of currency, sales growth was driven by gains in cans and frozen soup, partially offset by a decline in refrigerated soup.  Operating losses were $4 million compared with operating earnings of $13 million in the year-ago quarter. The current quarter includes $22 million of restructuring charges. The remaining increase was primarily due to higher sales.  Unallocated corporate expenses increased $21 million to $34 million. In the third quarter last year, we reversed $20 million of legal reserves due to favorable results in litigation.  Now let’s turn to cash flow and the balance sheet -- cash from operations for the nine months was $574 million, as compared to the prior year of $623 million. The current year included a payment of approximately $230 million related to income taxes associated with the sale of the Godiva business. The prior year included payments of $186 million to settle foreign currency hedges.  Capital expenditures were $184 million, compared to $187 million. We estimate our capital expenditures for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $300 million to $325 million.  Total debt at quarter end was $2.116 billion, compared to $2.616 billion a year ago. Cash and cash equivalents were $50 million as compared to $274 million in the prior year.  Net debt, which deducts cash and cash equivalents from total debt, was $2.066 billion, versus $2.342 billion in the prior year, a decrease of $276 million.  During the nine months, we repurchased 12.7 million shares for $435 million under three programs -- a three-year, $600 million strategic share repurchase plan announced in November 2005; a program announced in March 2008 to use approximately $600 million of the net proceeds of the sale of Godiva to repurchase shares, and our ongoing repurchases to offset shares issued on our incentive compensation plans.  That concludes my discussion of the third quarter. Now here are a few comments from Bob Schiffner.
Robert A. Schiffner: Thanks, Anthony and good morning, everyone. As expected, this was a mixed performance quarter for our company as our U.S. soup business continued to face strong and effective competitive pressure, as well as very difficult prior year comps.  In addition, the cost inflation picture continued to be very volatile and gross margin improvement has been slower than expected. On the positive side, the remainder of our portfolio is performing very well and we are pleased with our efforts to optimize our business portfolio and supply chain network. I’ll now address each of these areas in some detail.  Starting with U.S. soup, we have faced difficult comparables this quarter, cycling an exceptionally strong quarter last year. In last year’s third quarter, total soup sales were up 10%, driven by higher levels of advertising and more effective merchandising activity. This quarter, our U.S. soup performance was also impacted by our pricing action in February. This was a necessary part of our efforts to offset higher than expected cost inflation. Our past experience suggests that pricing actions will take time to gain acceptance in the marketplace. Given the current economy and price increases across the food industry, we believe that our soups will continue to be seen as a good value by the consumer relative to other food choices. Finally, we again experienced strong competitive activity this quarter, particularly in the RTS segment.  Yet despite all of this, we remain very bullish about our U.S. soup business going forward for several reasons.  First, our lower sodium varieties continue to perform very well and are becoming an increasingly important factor in the long-term growth of the soup category. Second, our broth business continues to perform strongly with consumer demand still growing.  Third, our recently announced fiscal year ’09 plans to introduce a healthful, low sodium soup line with a number of light varieties under the Select Harvest label and launching new vegetable-based V8 aseptic soup line will significantly increase soup activity next year.  Finally, we have planned strong and focused marketing programs behind all of these initiatives.  From a cost perspective, this fiscal year has turned out to be one of the most inflationary and volatile that I have experienced in my career in the food industry. Although we expect cost inflation to remain elevated, the good news is that we expect the cost environment to become more predictable and enable us to have a clear line of site with regard to pricing and margin management.  The immediate outcome of this escalating cost environment is higher cost inflation in fiscal year ’08 and a slower return to our fiscal year ’07 gross margin level than we previously thought. Our current expectations for cost inflation are now 7% for fiscal year ’08.  Moving on to the positive developments in this quarter, we were very satisfied with the performance of the remainder of our portfolio. We are especially pleased with the continued strong performance of our beverage businesses and our Arnott’s and Pepperidge Farm baked snack businesses. In addition, our wet soup businesses in Europe, Australia, and Canada all turned in strong performances. We also continue to make solid progress in Russia and China as our performance in these new markets continue to meet expectations.  In this quarter, we also made solid progress in resolving a number of portfolio issues, namely Godiva and our Australian salty snack business. The sales of these two businesses enables us to more clearly focus our energies on our core strategic product areas of simple meals anchored in soups, baked snacks, and healthy beverages.  In addition, the sale of these two businesses will both be accretive to future earnings, which will give us more financial flexibility as we head into fiscal year ’09. As most of you are aware, we also recently announced the closing of two plants, one in Canada and one in Australia, as well as a modest reorganization of our management structures, all of which will also enhance our financial flexibility going forward.  We continue to hold our EPS guidance for the year at a 5% to 7% growth range from our adjusted fiscal year ’07 EPS base of $1.95. Given our year-to-date performance, this calls for a very strong fourth quarter performance, which I called out in my comments when we released our second quarter earnings. There are a number of factors impacting this forecast, including the 53rd week and I am very confident at this point that we can deliver this strong performance which will give us solid momentum heading into fiscal year ’09.  In closing, as many of you know, this will be my last earnings calls with you as I will step down as CFO later in the summer and retire in January of ’09. It is certainly with mixed emotions that I leave Campbell Soup but I truly believe that this is a much better company than when I arrived over seven years ago and one that I believe will continue to perform well in the future as it continues to leverage new innovations. I’ve especially enjoyed my relationship with all of you, both the sell side and buy side, and I thank you for your fair and balanced assessment of our company’s performance.  With that, I will turn it back to Len for your questions. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Devon, I’ll turn it back to you and the only thing I would ask is for everyone if you could limit in the first round of questions one question and a follow-up question so we make sure we can get through our entire roll. Devon. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Terry Bivens of Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns : Good morning, everybody and Bob, best of luck to you in your future endeavors. I want to focus in for just a second -- my one question would be on ready-to-serve. You don’t break out the pricing there I realize for that individual line but as you look at the division, soup, sauce, and beverage, it looks like there wasn’t a whole lot of price realized. Promotions were up but the volume performance was weaker than I expected. Could you bring us up to date on exactly what was accomplished in the quarter there, where we stand with the introduction of Select Harvest, perhaps the V8 -- I just didn’t see a lot getting done there in the quarter in terms of RTS. 
Douglas R. Conant: Obviously there wasn’t enough done in the quarter but quite frankly, that was fully anticipated. Last year in the third quarter we delivered 17% sales growth. We knew we were going up against huge comps, versus the two year ago number, we’re up a solid 8%, which I think is probably a more reasonable perspective about how to view our soup business, our ready-to-serve soup business.  The key new products you mentioned, Select Harvest and also the V8 soups won’t start shipping until the end of the fourth quarter, so they are not in the market at all yet. We did know we were leading the pricing action for the category and we knew we were going to be vulnerable in the third quarter as we were lapping the huge comps, leading with the significant pricing action, knowing the competition was going to take advantage of that in the quarter and as we exit the year, before we could set the right prices and have all the price points stabilize hopefully across the category as we went into new soup season.  So we knew this was going to be a challenging quarter and in fact it was. The thing I would point out though is, and this is just the way I view it -- over the last three years we consecutively improved both our total U.S. soup performance each year and our ready-to-serve performance each year. To be honest with you, this year we took a step back. We miscalled the cost inflation when we started. We then didn’t have the right pricing in the plan. We then managed our marketing plans to manage our -- to ensure that we were supporting the business but also delivering our earnings and at the same time, competition was more competitively successful than they had been in prior years. So clearly we took a step back this year but what I would tell you is I am very optimistic. I’ve now been doing this for -- I don’t know, seven-and-a-half years. I’m absolutely convinced our U.S. soup business next year will have its best year yet and I think we’ve set the table for a good run here but clearly we took a step back in the third quarter and quite frankly, we expected it. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns : Okay. Thanks for that candor, Doug. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Before we continue with the questions, we have to have one correction on our capital spending. Anthony. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, I stated that capital expenditures were $184 million in the current fiscal year. They were actually $154 million. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay, thank you. Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. Bob, best of luck. I guess, Doug, maybe you could talk a little bit about condensed. I mean there, it’s not really a competitive issue. Are you seeing the consumer kind of -- well, it doesn’t seem like you are seeing the consumer trade down. I’m wondering if you could kind of talk to that business and how you see that business doing relative to what people fear is a weakening consumer. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Eric, I feel like we were rolling up against a fairly good quarter a year ago in condensed, up I believe 4%. And we clearly have to step up our game in condensed soup.  My optimism around condensed soup going forward is that we are really starting to set our profile properly with our reduced sodium versions and it’s getting to be a larger percentage of our total line. And I expect that to gather momentum as we go into the next year. But clearly we have to step up our game there. We do have plans. We continue to expand our shelf maximizer, our IQ maximizer in condensed. There are still accounts that are rolling that in so I expect continued momentum there. And that is a challenge, but I think it’s a manageable one.  You know, we’ve grown condensed for three straight years and again, I would say we’ve taken a slight step back this year but I think we will be right back on track next year. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Sorry to follow this up with a second question but I mean, how concerned should we be? Because -- I mean, Bob, your right-hand man, is leaving. We don’t know who is going to be the replacement. So far, the U.S. soup business has struggled of late versus competition and -- you know, I guess you’ve been selling a fair amount of stock through that 10-5B1 program. I haven’t seen any insider buying. We don’t really have a view as to what SAP means as a positive or how much spending is going to occur, so I just kind of wonder why should shareholders or why should investors look at this name right now, given everything I just kind of noted?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, that’s a mouthful but overall, I guess I would say our company, in my opinion, is very well positioned here. Our action standard that we manage against is having a rolling three-year TSR that is above average in our food group and we’ve been working against that standard, knowing that at times we were going to give back a little because we were going to continue to invest in the future in order to set the table for the long-term while we intended to deliver very competitive returns in the near-term.  I still feel that that table is set. Our emerging markets are looking very promising. Our SAP implementation is slowly getting behind us. Our initiatives around sodium reduction in soup are starting to bear fruit, with much more to come.  We will miss Bob. Bob has been an integral part of this team for the seven years and I’ll let him speak to his optimism in just a minute but overall, I feel that we have a full team of people here. Bob will be missed but we have a full finance team right below him that is more than capable of carrying the ball here. We’ve got best yet talent across the company. You’ve got a fully committed CEO in place and I am very bullish about the future and I love the opportunity to lap the numbers that we are lapping this year. So we’re ready to go. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Thanks. Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on your comments specifically about less effective promotional spending in ready-to-serve. That was in the prepared remarks. I wonder, is that due to any kind of differential performance in the channels do you think, Doug, or is that -- 
Douglas R. Conant: No, the key is we are shifting price points and it primarily relates to Chunky in the quarter, but there’s pockets -- you are going to see this as we start to ratchet up the pricing to offset the input costs, the promotional price points will change in the third and fourth quarter as we start to reset the price points for next soup season. In particular, on Chunky we had basically a year ago on promotion, you could buy four Chunky for $5. This year we had four Chunky for $6, reflecting the higher input costs. We miscalled the takeaway on that number and that’s the issue. We understand it, we’re dealing with it, and we’re fixing it. So it’s as simple as that.  In this inflationary environment, we’re the price leaders. We’re going to try and lead the pricing to get to the right point so the industry can maintain its profitability and I think we can do that but it’s going to be stops and starts in the third and fourth quarter, until we get to the soup season next year. 
Robert A. Schiffner: John, I would add to what Doug said -- sometimes when you do change your promoted price points, you also in fact run into the buzz saw of retailers not necessarily giving you the highest quality merchandising as well, and I think that has also had an impact on our lists as well. So I would add that to Doug’s comments. 
Douglas R. Conant: That’s a good point and on top of that we still, because we led the pricing action, we had competition at different price points. So we knew it was going to be a bumpy road as we tried to lift the pricing up in the category. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: And Doug, just as a clarification, when you said you are fixing it, how are you going about fixing it? Are you going to maybe spend a little bit more promotionally on say Chunky?
Douglas R. Conant: We now know what the trade’s concerns are. We have a better understanding of the competitive behavior and we are just going to address our programs accordingly. This is not all that complicated and we are not talking about a significant escalation of trade spend. But we just have to be smarter about the tactics, now that we know where competition is. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Great. Thanks very much. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Good morning. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Christine, I’m really happy you got through this time. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Yeah, you know. Here I am. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we’ll see about that, Len. We’ll see how happy we are. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Just looking at your exposure to the protein group in particular, you commented on your outlook for fiscal ’08, talked inflation but when I look ahead, my real concern relative to your exposure is really into ’09, particularly given some of the comments by some of the livestock guys on expectations on price. So as we look forward into next year, and maybe it’s too soon to comment but there’s going to be just massive cost inflation on the protein side. How do you then ahead and kind of evaluate how to prepare for next year? Is this going to be like an ongoing cycle of price increases and kind of managing costs? And specifically then, just relative to protein but you know, you are also getting hit with higher packaging and fuel costs. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Christine, we’re in the process right now of finalizing our fiscal ’09 operating plan and I would agree with you from the standpoint of that we are looking slightly higher cost inflation for every F09 relative to our estimate of F08.  You know, on the other hand, we do have a wide variety of items in our cost bucket, so to speak, and at the end of the day, we actually believe that with some solid management of mix, also some pricing, clearly we will have to take pricing again next year, that in fact we’ll be able to I think effectively manage margins next year.  We’re not really going to comment on that until November when we give you our guidance for F09, but I don’t think it’s nearly as dire as you may in fact think it is or the way that it in fact looks today. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Do you think that when you look at the response, it seems like initially you’ve had a little push-back, maybe from both the retailer and the consumer. Do you think that they’ll just get used to this kind of inflationary environment and things will kind of settle out? Is that your expectation? Or is it that it’s going to be kind of this ongoing puts and takes with consumers and retailers as we kind of adjust up this inflationary scale?
Douglas R. Conant: History would suggest that it’s going to be a challenging but manageable task. We’ve been in inflationary times before. We’ve all operated in those times. This is a little more heightened than our prior experiences but it’s the same fundamental trend, and we expect our pricing to be in line with market basket pricing and we expect to be able to compete. We still offer great value.  So our challenge is to innovate and to differentiate more completely, faster, better, and more completely than we have and that’s our focus for F09. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Okay. Bob, good luck. Thanks. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone. I’m just wondering if we can just drill down on the kind of -- you talked about the dynamics within cups and bowls, and if you can just help me understand what’s going on there and in terms of the consumer behavior associated with it. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we have built a terrific microwaveable bowl business from nothing four years ago and now we are managing the -- excuse me, the cup business is Soup at Hand, if that’s what you are talking about and the microwaveable bowls are Chunky and Select. We are -- and also, thank you, red and white bowls as well. And as we have gone through, we have tried to make sure over the last four years that we’ve got the profitability well managed in terms of mix and we feel like we are at about the right place right now but it has affected the way we’ve promoted the brands over time. And so -- and in some areas, we have taken more price, promoted less, seen some volume shortfall but made a profitable decision. Overall we feel good now that we have the right price value proposition across the line. I think you’ll see more steady performance as we go forward. But that’s basically what’s happened. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so you’re not seeing anything in terms of consumer -- a negative mix shift within that -- within those products to your other products?
Douglas R. Conant: Nothing that we can’t promotionally explain. The Soup at Hand proposition offers us more competitive strength. It is more highly differentiated and it is our challenge to really grow that in a differential way relative to everyone now has microwaveable bowls and so our challenge is to grow the differential one, which is soup at hand. And we expect to do that. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I’ll pass it along. Thank you very much. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone and Bob, it’s certainly been a pleasure. Good luck with your future plans. Doug, you mentioned in the press release, you are quoted here as saying that you anticipate a strong finish to the year. Can you give me some detail on what that means and specifically, can you address gross margins, the impact of pricing and cost inflation? And then if I could get a follow-up, I’d appreciate it. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, as Anthony stated and as we’ve stated in our press release, we are maintaining the guidance for the year which clearly tells you where we are headed and we were always anticipating a strong fourth quarter. As Bob referred to in the script, we’re reminding you that we do have a 53rd-week that helps. We are also lapping a relatively low quarter a year ago and we are expecting to have very good momentum basically across the board in the fourth quarter. It’s been built into our plans for the year.  In terms of getting into specifics, I hesitate to do that but what I would say around the gross margin, we are clearly digging out of a hole because we didn’t price properly in soup originally and we are catching up. I expect us to do, have improved performance in the fourth quarter and than I expect some more improved performance in the first quarter. But it’s not going to turn around overnight here. We also have to be competitive.  So we think the worst is over but we’re not out of the woods on that, so I expect the gross margin to improve and I’ll let Bob build on that. And then the only other thing would be on the pricing. We don’t comment on any future pricing other than it’s obvious if inflation continues as it’s projected, at some point we will have to price again. We are satisfied that the pricing we’ve taken so far will get us through the fiscal year.  Bob, do you want to -- 
Robert A. Schiffner: The only thing that I would add on the gross margin is really two things -- number one is we expect more price yield in the fourth quarter than frankly we’ve gotten in all the other quarters. A lot of that has to do with a lot of products coming off a promotion in the third quarter, so there is less price protection, so that will be a positive for the fourth quarter. And the other thing is that we have a lot more visibility on some of our raw material purchases and i.e. you know, those costs are now locked in. So I’m also very confident that we should see improved gross margins through the fourth quarter. 
Douglas R. Conant: David, one other thing that I neglected to mention also -- in the fourth quarter last year as you’ll recall, we spent a lot of marketing dollars and many of those programs we found we didn’t get a good return on investment, so the ones that didn’t work last year are not being repeated this year, so we get some -- we get an improved profile from that as well. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : I actually remember very well. I’ve got notes on all of those items. In fact, part of my question was really related to that, Doug, so if I can recharacterize what you guys have just said, it would be year-over-year improvement but when you say you’re not getting all the way back, you are then going from a fourth quarter comment to sort of a full year comment, saying that although fourth quarter is up year-on-year, it does not bring the full year to gross profit margin equality to F07. Is that correct?
Robert A. Schiffner: That’s a fair statement. 
Douglas R. Conant: And it’s not really possible given the weighting of the fourth quarter relative to the full year. It’s just not possible. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : That’s a fair point. If you give me one more second, just one more follow-up here on this whole issue, was that if the third quarter then had volumes up just 1% with net pricing up 2%, and if you’ve got to get this pricing to recover on the margin side, frankly it feels a little weak to me and the question that I would really like to hear your thoughts on is price elasticity. When you start pushing through a lot more pricing, given only very modest volume growth in the quarter, I feel somewhat nervous about what type of volume growth to expect for Campbell's in the coming three, four, five quarters. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I’ve been -- I don’t know how many -- at least 28 earnings call, I have never been more confident about our ability to grow sales over the next three, four, or five quarters than I am today. The pipeline is loaded. Our challenge is to innovate at a higher level than we have in a meaningful way and we are fully loaded to do that in the fourth quarter, going into the first, second and third quarter. I have never been more confident on our U.S. soup business.  On top of that, let me tell you, we are hitting on all cylinders in every other one of our major portfolios. We are growing sales, earnings, and share on beverages. We are growing sales, earnings, and share on Pepperidge Farm. We are growing sales, earnings, and share on our huge Arnott’s business. We are growing sales, earnings, and share in our Canadian soup business. We are growing sales, earnings, and share in our Australian soup business. All of our other major businesses are delivering in a quality way.  Our challenge this year is to overcome a lackluster U.S. soup portfolio performance but quite frankly, we had three good years in a row improving our sales performance every year in U.S. soup and all I can say is we’ve taken a step back this year and the good news is we’re going to be lapping it. The bad news is I’ve got to have this conversation for probably one more quarter. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Thanks for all the comments. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Christopher Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning and Bob, best of luck to you. So the first question, to kind of come back to that ready-to-serve comment before, and I know there’s some limitations to the IRI data, but it did show pricing in the quarter for both Progresso and private label above Campbell's pricing in ready-to-serve, so I’m just curious what really could change, because your competition at least seem to be less aggressive in this promotion in the quarter, or am I reading that incorrectly?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I can’t comment on that for the same reason I can’t comment on the share and -- or we choose not to make a policy of comment in share performance because you don’t have visibility into the same data I have visibility into, but I would say that our challenge in ready-to-serve soup is in my opinion not as big a pricing challenge as it is, although it certainly was in the quarter on a few -- on Chunky, in particular.  Our challenge is to innovate and differentiate. The reason competition has done better is -- I’m not implying that it wasn’t -- was due to pricing superiority. They out-innovated us in the year and that has to change. And for three straight years, we were innovating at a high level. This last year, it was insufficient to compete and so the challenge for us is to add more value against the existing pricing structure.  Now clearly if we get down to a quarter discussion around our various ready-to-serve product lines, I can go in and I can talk about Chunky. We didn’t do as good a job in the third quarter on Chunky and that was the comment I think that we were talking about.  But the challenge overall here is to innovate and lead in ready-to-serve soup and quite frankly this year, we haven’t done a very good job of that. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that makes sense. And then the second question I have is just relative to the emerging market investment. It was a comment in the press release about how that investment worked against some of the profit increase in the quarter, obviously, but it would seem like that investment actually was quite small in an incremental basis. I just wonder, is that something you could talk about, or even in round terms?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well you know, we’ve not specifically given you a number vis-à-vis the investment in China and Russia. However, I can tell you that it is dilutive to our results for the quarter, has been now for a while. That investment continues to grow quarter by quarter. It will grow even larger next year, so it is a headwind in terms of delivering our bottom line targets but one that, as Doug has said many times, it’s just an extremely important investment for the future of this company and I think we’d be extremely shortsighted by not moving forward as aggressively as we can. 
Douglas R. Conant: Building on that, we also -- we are going to be hosting the investment community, I think it’s July 1st, we are going to hold a meeting and we are going to profile our progress in emerging markets. 
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from, excuse me if I pronounce this wrong, Pi Aquino of Credit Suisse.
Pi Aquino - Credit Suisse: Good morning. All the best, Bob, to you. Just building on that question on emerging markets, can you talk a little bit about you did a release last week about hiring a VP of corporate development, in terms of what types of geographies and businesses this new person is going to focus on and any particular capabilities that you are looking to acquire, if possible?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it would be premature to get into a detailed discussion around our corporate development strategies but Bob’s hired an absolutely terrific guy that Bob and I have worked with in the past and as you can tell from our latest portfolio decisions, we focused the portfolio down to simple meals anchored in soup, baked snacks anchored in biscuits and bakery, and then healthy beverages anchored in vegetable based beverages. You know, it would not be inappropriate to assume we are going to stay a focused company. We would just like to strengthen our position in any one of those three core areas. And we are looking at all kinds of opportunities globally to do that.  And I guess I would leave it at that. We do have a -- Bob, you can comment on this -- we have a healthy balance sheet and there is opportunity to leverage some of our cash flows for strategic fold-ins and fill-ins. It’s a natural thing for us to consider at this point in our evolution.  Do you want to build on that at all?
Robert A. Schiffner: No, I think that was well said. 
Douglas R. Conant: So that’s where we are. 
Pi Aquino - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Lehman Brothers. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Good morning. Bob, appreciate all your help over the years and best of luck going forward. I’m curious if you are able at this stage to break out sort of the gross margin contraction -- perhaps what portion of that was due to pricing having not yet caught up with input costs and what part of that maybe is just the lack of fixed overhead leverage, you know, the volume, obviously coming off in relation to some of the pricing. 
Robert A. Schiffner: You know, Andrew, I think all of those things impacted it. Clearly pricing is still lagging cost inflation. And as you know, we try to manage margins. Our expectation over the long-term is that pricing will probably not cover cost inflation. It will be made up by productivity and historically as we’ve grown margins over the last three years, that has exactly been the formula. We call it here enablers plus price greater than our cost inflation. That has definitely worked for us until this year and obviously we are going to have to have some time to fight through this thing. But we believe that model is still very appropriate for this business and my expectation is that we will come back to that and I believe it can be done in the next one to two years. So I don’t think anything has changed, Andrew, regarding our vision of how run a food business going forward. 
Douglas R. Conant: Andrew, just on top of that, Bob has really lead the implementation of SAP here and first of all, our enablers this year are up versus last year. Our big problem was pricing to cover the cost. And with the implementation of SAP, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to take this enabler program to another level, wouldn’t you agree, Bob?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yeah, absolutely. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : To the extent, in that context, that the world has changed a little bit right around the volatility of input costs and such, as you look into ’09, I think you obviously want to get back on a -- I think as you stated, a margin growth track. Is that as sensible a way to think about it next year, rather than growing your gross margin dollars rather than percentage per se, just given the way pricing is expected to flow through the P&L?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, I think both are important. Frankly, I think it may be very difficult and again, let me preface this by saying that we are still in the process of putting together our F09 plan, but I can tell you I think it may be difficult for us to get all the way back to let’s say flat margins relative to F07 next year. But Andrew, I don’t think it’s going to take probably three or four years, let’s put it that way. But my expectations are that frankly after next year, we should be knocking on the door. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Thanks very much. 
Douglas R. Conant: Andrew, just on top of it, we’ve got to manage the cost side but quite frankly, we’ve got to turn up the heat on innovation. Wherever we are innovating, whether it’s beverages or Arnott’s or Pepperidge Farm, we are winning and our challenge is going to be to manage those margins smartly but really to pick up the pace on sales. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Great. Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery : Good morning. Bob, good luck to you. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but getting back to Russia and China initiative, based on what you see through sort of -- let’s call this year one of your initiative, are you still on track to deliver positive EPS contribution let’s say in year three?
Douglas R. Conant: I’m not going to answer the question quite like that but what I would say is we are meeting or exceeding our expectations in each market and we are very bullish about the opportunities in both markets. We’ll profile that a little more in July but it would be premature for us to start counting on EPS accretion in year three. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery : Okay. All right. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Todd Duvick of Banc of America.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Good morning. A quick question for you on the balance sheet -- you paid down a chunk of debt in the current quarter and I know you targeted getting back to a mid A credit rating. I guess the first question has to do with the note that is maturing this year. I wanted to know if you plan to refinance debt as it comes due or if you are planning to pay down additional debt. 
Robert A. Schiffner: No, our expectation right now is that in fact we will replace that maturing debt. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay. And then the final question has to do with your share buy-back authorization. Can you tell me, I know you are talking about some potential bolt-on acquisitions but with respect to share buy-back, would you plan on doing that primarily using free cash flow or would you also consider a debt financed share buy-back?
Robert A. Schiffner: I think that I am going to withhold comment on that simply because we are in the process of discussing that issue as part of our operating and strategic planning processes. And I would rather wait until the future and I think we will be able to discuss that issue with greater certainty. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay, but for the time being, you still are planning to keep your credit rating where it is?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes, and let me just also add, I think earlier in your comment you said we paid down debt. That’s going to be a temporary thing because what we did was when we got the Godiva proceeds, we immediately paid down commercial paper. But as we use those proceeds going forward to in fact buy back shares, as we previously announced, you will see that debt level go back to frankly where it was just prior to the Godiva sale. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you very much. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Devon, how many more questions do we have in queue?
Operator: As of right now, we have four, sir. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. We’ll try to get through those quickly because we have to stop in about seven minutes. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS : Thanks. Congratulations, Bob. Just to follow-up on Russia and China, you said during the fourth quarter of ’07 that -- I guess it was last summer, that you expected to lose about a nickel in earnings this year from the reinvestment. Is it fair to say you are coming in line with that expectation for investment and that your investment in fiscal ’09 would be slightly above that?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we can comment on -- a nickel is about right and we are going through our plans right now for F09, so it would be premature to comment.
David Palmer - UBS : And when you think -- when we think going forward, or as you think about communicating to us about China and Russia and the return on investment there, or some incremental investment as you kind of get past the initial wave, do you think that there will be a time perhaps in the next year or so where you will start to be able to make a business case to investors about the solid incremental returns of that business?
Douglas R. Conant: That clearly needs to be visited very carefully and it’s not an unreasonable thing to expect. But we haven’t landed on how we would do that. 
David Palmer - UBS : Thank you very much. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Thanks. Next question, Devon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta of Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Good morning. We’ll miss you, Bob. Best of luck to you. Guys, we knew this would be a tough quarter in soup, basically going back to your last quarter release and to CAGNY as you began to implement price and you had a competitor that had out-innovated you in RTS. Other than the issue that you had mentioned with Chunky this quarter, was there anything that’s really materially changed versus your expectations over the past three months since you’ve released second quarter results and spoke at CAGNY?
Douglas R. Conant: Not at all, Eric. And I’m even more bullish than I was at CAGNY about our programs starting in the fourth quarter and going through the next year. But there’s -- you know, there was a tactical surprise on chunky. Other than that, it’s basically as expected. 
Robert A. Schiffner: I’d even go one step further, Eric, and say that our other business has actually performed much better than our forecasts indicated, so -- 
Douglas R. Conant: And that’s across the board. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Absolutely, so I think going into the fourth quarter, we are exactly where we though we would be and are probably as confident if not more confident of our performance going forward. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Okay. Good to hear and Doug, you mentioned your increased confidence about the product slate for next year. Is that based on initial discussions with retailers or further consumer testing? Could you maybe update us on what gives you that extra confidence from when you spoke to us last?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we have now previewed all of our anticipated programs with all of our retailers for the upcoming soup season, so I have added encouragement from our customers. We also have new research on a variety of our initiatives around -- in our wellness area, both in our simply meals but also in our baked snack area, as well as our beverage area. And so we have very encouraging developments on multiple fronts. Our challenge is to slog through this year, deliver improved performance in the fourth quarter, and keep it going next year. And given the visibility -- we haven’t finalized our fiscal year ’09 marketing plans yet, but given the visibility I now have the details of those plans. My confidence level is higher than it was back in February. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Great. Thanks again, and I’ll pass it on. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay, this will be the last question, Devon. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our final question comes from Ray Matura of Campbell Sales.
Leonard F. Griehs: No, I don’t think -- that’s not a question. That’s one of our employees. 
Operator: Okay. 
Leonard F. Griehs: All right, so we’ll end it there, Devon. Thank you. 
Operator: Not a problem. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and we hope that you will, if you want to attend our July 1st investor meeting, it will be here in Camden and if you need to get any information on that, give me a call or give my assistant, Robin DePietro, a call and we’ll be glad to fill you in on those details. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leonard Griehs – IR Anthony DiSilvestro – VP, Controller Bob Schiffner – Senior VP, CFO Doug Conant – President, CEO
Analysts: Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley David Palmer – UBS Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company’s second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. If anyone should require assistance during the conference please press star then zero. As a reminder today’s conference call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Leonard Griehs, please begin.
Leonard Griehs: Thank you, good morning and welcome to Campbell Soup Company’s second quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. On our call this morning Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller will discuss our results for the second quarter and six months. Bob Schiffner, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will then offer some comments. A question and answer session will follow, Doug Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer will join us for that portion of the call.  Earlier this morning our results were published along with a supplemental schedule for the quarter, both of those items are also posted now on our website, www.campbellsoupcompnay.com. Replay of this call will be available approximately two hours after it’s completed through midnight February 22. The replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or 1-703-925-2533. The access code for that replay is 1195937. This call will also be broadcast over the internet and you may listen by logging on to our website, campbellsoupcompany.com and clicking on the webcast banner. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media.  This discussion contains forward looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about its future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These include statements concerning the impact of marketing, investments and strategies, share repurchase, pricing, new product introductions and innovations, cost savings initiatives, quality improvements, portfolio strategy, including divestitures, the impact on sales, earnings and margins and other factors described in our most recent 10K and is updated from time to time by the company in its subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results could vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward looking statement made by the company.  Our discussion includes certain non GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable measures and that is available on our investor website and is also attached to the earnings release. Now to discuss our second quarter results, here is Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony DiSilvestro:  Good morning. Before I begin my review, I’d like to make a few comments regarding the basis of presentation of our results. In December 2007, we entered an agreement to sell our Godiva business. Consequently, the results of this business are reported as a discontinued operation on the income statement for all periods presented. On the balance sheet at the end of the second quarter 2008, the assets and liabilities of this business are classified as held for sale. In connection with the pending sale of the Godiva business, we have revised our allocation methodology for corporate overhead expenses and restated historical results of all segments.  In 2008, following the recent distribution agreement with Coca Cola North America and Coca Cola Enterprises, sales and earnings of certain beverage products now reported in our US and international soup, sauces and beverages segments were historically included in North America Food Service. For comparability, we restated the historical results of these segments. Additional historical information will be provided in our upcoming form 10Q. Our review will begin with a discussion of results from continuing operations while highlighting items impacting comparability. I’ll then review the results of discontinued operations, also highlighting those items impacting comparability. From our combined total results, including both continuing and discontinued operations, I will provide a detailed reconciliation of reported net earnings per share to our adjusted net earnings per share, excluding all items impacting comparability. Adjusted net earnings per share in the quarter were $0.69 compared to adjusted net earnings per share in the second quarter a year ago of $0.68. For the first half of the fiscal year, adjusted net earnings per share were $1.39 compared to adjusted net earnings per share a year ago of $1.35. Let’s begin our review of continuing operations. Sales for the quarter grew 7% to $2 billion $218 million. Sales growth for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances added 1% and currency added 3%. Gross margin decreased to 40.1% from 41.2% in the prior year. The decline is primarily due to cost inflation and higher promotional spending which were partly offset by productivity gains and higher selling prices.  Marketing and selling expenses increased $19 million to $319 million, primarily due to higher advertising expenses and currency. Administrative expense decreased $4 million to $141 million, primarily due to lower incentive compensation cost. Other expense was $4 million compared to other income of $18 million a year ago. The prior year includes a $23 million gain on the sale of an idle manufacturing facility. Earnings before interest and taxes were $400 million compared to $399 million a year ago. EBIT in the second quarter increased 6% to $400 million, versus an adjusted EBIT of $376 million a year ago which excludes the $23 million gain on the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Net interest expense was $42 million, up from $38 million a year ago, primarily due to a reduction in capitalized interest and higher net debt levels.  The tax rate was 27.4% compared to 28.8% a year ago. The current year rate includes a $13 million tax benefit from the favorable resolutions of a state tax matter. Excluding this item, the current year tax rate was 31.0%. The prior year includes $9 million in taxes against the $23 million gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding the rate impact of this item, the prior year tax rate was 28.1%. Earnings from continuing operations in the quarter were $260 million compared to $257 million a year ago. The current year includes the $13 million tax benefit from the favorable resolution of the state tax matter. The prior year includes the $14 million gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding these items, earnings from continuing operations in the current quarter were $247 million compared to $243 million a year ago.  Diluted EPS from continuing operations in the current quarter were $0.67 compared to $0.65 in the year ago quarter. The current year includes a $0.03 tax benefit from the state tax matter. The prior year includes a $0.04 gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding these items, EPS from continuing operations in the second quarter were $0.64 compared to $0.62 a year ago, an increase of 3%. Earnings from discontinued operations for the quarter were $14 million versus $28 million a year ago. The current year reflects $9 million pretax or $5 million after tax of costs related to the pending Godiva business divestiture. The prior year reflects a $3 million pretax or $1 million after tax increase to the gain from the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses.  Excluding these items, earnings declined in Godiva primarily due to lower retail sales in North America and higher selling and marketing costs. Net earnings per share for the quarter were $0.71 compared to $0.72 a year ago. The current year includes the $0.03 tax benefit from the favorable resolution of the state tax matter. The current year includes $0.01 per share of costs related to the Godiva business divestiture. The prior year includes the $0.04 gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Adjusting for these items, adjusted net earnings per share in the second quarter were $0.69 compared to $0.68 a year ago.  Now, let’s turn to year to date performance from continuing operations. Net sales grew 7% to $4 billion $403 million. Sales growth for the six months breaks down as follows. Volume and mix added 4%, price and sales allowances added 1%. Increased promotional spending deducted 1% and currency added 3%. Gross margin decreased to 40.4% from 41.5%. The decline is primarily due to cost inflation and higher promotional spending which were partly offset by productivity gains and higher selling prices. Marketing and selling expenses increased $47 million to $615 million, primarily due to higher advertising expenses and currency.  Administrative expense increased $9 million to $282 million, primarily due to the impact of currency. Research and development costs increased $2 million to $52 million. Other expense was $4 million compared to other income of $16 million a year ago. The prior year includes the $23 million gain on the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Earnings before interest and taxes were $828 million compared to $834 million a year ago. EBIT increased 2% to $828 million from an adjusted EBIT of $811 million a year ago which excludes the $23 million gain. Net interest expense was $84 million, up from $79 million a year ago, primarily due to a reduction in capitalized interest and higher net debt levels.  The tax rate was 29% compared to 30.6% a year ago. The current year rate includes the $13 million tax benefit from the state tax matter. Excluding this item, the current year tax rate was 30.8%. The prior year rate includes $9 million in taxes against the $23 million gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding the rate impact of this item, the prior year tax rate was 30.3%. Earnings from continuing operations for the six months were $528 million compared to $524 million a year ago. The current year includes the $13 million tax benefit from the state tax matter and the prior year includes the $14 million gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding these items, earnings for the six months were $515 million compared to $510 million a year ago.  Diluted EPS from continuing operations for the six months were $1.36 compared to $1.31 a year ago. The current year includes the $0.03 tax benefit from the state tax matter. The prior year includes the $0.04 gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. Excluding these items, EPS from continuing operations were $1.33 compared to $1.28 a year ago, an increase of 4%. Earnings from discontinued operations for the six months were $16 million, versus $52 million a year ago. The current year reflects $9 million pretax or $5 million after tax of costs related to the pending Godiva business divestiture. The prior year reflects a $39 million pretax or $23 million after tax gain from the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses.  The change in Godiva earnings is primarily due to softness in North America retail and higher cost inflation. Net earnings per share for the half were $1.41 compared to $1.44 a year ago. The current year includes the $0.03 tax benefit from the state tax matter. The current year also includes $0.01 of costs related to the Godiva business divestiture. The prior year includes the $0.04 gain from the sale of the idle manufacturing facility. The prior year also includes a $0.06 gain from the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses. Excluding these items, adjusted net earnings per share were $1.39 compared to $1.35 a year ago, an increase of 3%. Now, let’s turn to operating highlights by reporting segment. I will primarily discuss the numbers for the quarter. The supplemental schedule attached to the financial release contains six month comparisons. I will offer some comments on the year to date numbers where they make comparisons more meaningful. Restated segments by quarter and year to date for fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006 to reflect the sale of our Godiva business and the reclassification of our beverage sales will be provided in the second quarter 10Q. US soup, sauces and beverages, sales for the quarter of $1 billion $93 million were up 6% from $1 billion $30 million a year ago.  The sales increase for the quarter breaks down as follows. Volume and mix added 6%, price and sales allowances added 1%, increased promotional spending deducted 1%. Total soup sales increased 4% compared to a 1% decline in the year ago quarter. And for the first half, soup sales increased 2% compared to a 4% increase a year ago. Condensed soup sales declined 1% for the quarter and 2% for the first half. Ready to serve soup sales increased 8% for the quarter and 3% for the half. Broth sales increased 18% for the quarter and 12% for the half.  The following comments for soup apply to both the quarter and the first half. Sales of condensed soups declined primarily due to a decline in cooking varieties. Healthy request condensed soups and the three icon varieties, chicken noodle, tomato and cream of mushroom performed well as did lower sodium condense soups. In ready to serve, sales gains from chunky and select soups and cans were partly offset by declines in the convenience platform which includes soups in microwavable bowls and cups. Sales of chunky soups benefited from increased advertising and promotional activity and the introductions of chunky fully loaded.  Growth in sales of select soups was primarily driven by higher advertising and promotional activity. Across the portfolio, sales benefited from reduced sodium products which continue to perform well. Broth sales increased due to a strong holiday season and the first quarter launch of additional sizes of aseptic varieties. Returning to second quarter performance, I will now comment on highlights of our other categories in this reporting segment.  The beverage business recorded strong sales growth primarily due to gains V8 V-fusion and V8 vegetable juice. V8 V-fusion, introduced two years ago, continues to grow as we have introduced new varieties. V8 vegetable juice recorded strong sales gains primarily driven by lower sodium varieties which resonate with consumers who are increasingly focused on their health and wellness. Sales of V8 splash juice beverages also increased in the quarter. Prego pasta sauce sales increased in the quarter. Sales of Pace Mexican sauces increased in the quarter due to the launch of the new specialty salsa line. Operating earnings for US soups, sauces and beverages were $286 million compared with $274 million in the prior period, an increase of 4%. The increase in operating earnings was driven by higher sales and productivity gains, partially offset by cost inflation and higher advertising. Baking and snacking, sales for the quarter were $491 million compared with $454 million, an increase of 8%. Sales growth for the quarter breaks down as follows. Price and sales allowances added 4%, currency added 5%. The divestiture of our Papua New Guinea business subtracted 1%. Operating earnings were $68 million versus $77 million a year ago. Operating earnings in the prior quarter include a $23 million gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm idle manufacturing facility. The remaining increase was primarily driven by double digit gains of Pepperidge Farm and currency.  Within Arnott’s, gains in biscuits were offset by declines in the snack foods business. Returning to sales highlights in the quarter, Pepperidge Farm continued its strong performance driven by volume gains in all businesses, cookies and crackers, bakery and frozen. In cookies and crackers, sales gains were driven by continuing growth in goldfish crackers and growth in distinctive varieties and 100 calorie pack cookies. Bakery posted significant sales gains driven primarily by continued consumer demand for whole grain bread and growth in sandwich rolls. Arnott’s sales increased due to favorable impact of currency, partly offset by declines in our snack foods business. International soup, sauces and beverages, sales were $458 million compared to $404 million, an increase of 13%. Sales growth breaks down as follows, volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances subtracted 1%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1% and currency added 12%. Operating earnings were $61 million compared to $58 million in the prior year, an increase of 5%. Operating earnings performance was driven by the favorable impact of currency, partly offset by costs to launch products in Russia and China.  Let’s review some highlights of sales growth for the quarter. Sales in Europe increased primarily due to the favorable impact of currency and gains in Belgium and France, partly offset by a decline in Germany due to our exiting the private label business. Canada sales increased due to the favorable impact of currency and gains in beverages. North America food service, sales were $176 million, flat versus year ago.  Components of sales break down as follows. Volume and mix deducted 1%, price and sales allowance added 1%. Increased promotional spending subtracted 2% and currency added 2%. The favorable impact of currency was offset by sales declines in our refrigerated soup business. Operating earnings were $20 million compared with $25 million in the year ago quarter. This decline was primarily due to cost inflation and higher promotional activity, partly offset by productivity gains and higher selling prices.  Now, let’s turn to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash from operations for the first half was $442 million as compared to the prior year of $328 million. The prior year included a payment of $83 million to settle foreign currency hedges related to the company’s divested UK and Ireland businesses. Capital expenditures were $90 million compared to $121 million a year ago. Total debt at quarter end was $2 billion $756 million compared to $2 billion $856 million a year ago. Cash and cash equivalents were $95 million as compared to $483 million in the prior year. Net debt which deducts cash and cash equivalents from total debt was $2 billion $661 million versus $2 billion $373 million in the prior year, an increase of $288 million.  We currently have two ongoing share repurchase programs, our strategic share repurchase program of 600 million which commenced in November 2005 and runs through fiscal 2008 and our anti dilutive repurchase program which offsets the impact of shares issued under our incentive compensation programs. Combining these two programs, we spent $203 million to repurchase 5.7 million shares during the first half. That concludes my discussion on the second quarter, now here are a few comments from Bob Schiffner.
Bob Schiffner:  Thanks Anthony and good morning everyone. Given the unprecedented increase in commodity and energy costs, I am actually quite pleased with our overall financial performance for the second quarter and half year. Although our gross margins were unfavorably impacted by cost inflation and insufficient carry and pricing, our strong top line growth and effective spending controls have enabled us to generate first half adjusted EPS growth from continuing operations of 4% which is just below our annual growth target.  Going forward, I believe we are well positioned to generate stronger second half earnings performance since the pricing actions taken this fiscal year should enable us to generate significantly improved second half margins. Although it is not likely that we will achieve flat gross margins for the full year, we will enter fiscal year 09 in a position to achieve further margin improvement. Given the expected improvement in second half earnings performance, we are keeping our full year EPS guidance at 5-7% growth in adjusted net earnings per share from the adjusted fiscal 2007 base of $1.95.  Note that we expect that second half earnings improvement will be skewed very dramatically to the fourth quarter. Given the pending sale of Godiva, we will update our guidance once the sale is complete. In closing, I’d like to highlight some of the bright spots in our business this quarter. As Doug mentioned in the press release, our US soup business rebounded in the second quarter led by strong broth and ready to serve soup performance. Our low sodium varieties continue to perform well and be highly incremental.  Pepperidge Farm despite battling significant increases in ingredient costs continues to produce a high level, generating double digit earnings performance in the first half. This business is growing significantly with key customers and is benefiting from consumer’s preference for whole grain product. Our US beverage business also continues to be a stellar performer. Beverage sales were up 20% in the quarter and are up 25% year to date. While we don’t expect this kind of sales increase in future quarters due to more difficult comparisons, we expect this business to once again be our best performer for the year. And now I’ll turn it back to Len for your questions.
Leonard Griehs:  Amy could you start the Q&A session please?
Operator:  Certainly, ladies and gentlemen if you have a question at this time please press the one key on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press the pound key. And our first question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you, you used to have a guidance of 7-9% EBIT growth for the year. I didn’t see that in the press release. Are you withdrawing that?
Bob Schiffner:  No we’re just going to update it at the time of the Godiva sale.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay and how are you, the numbers are getting pretty confusing as far as to how the first half is going. Where would you say you are in terms of the first half in terms of EBIT growth? Compared to that original 7-9.
Bob Schiffner:  Well our EBIT growth for the first half is up about 2% and obviously we are behind that estimate for the year. We also expect that in fact EBIT growth will in fact pick up in the second half but in fact we’re just going to withhold commenting on the total year until the Godiva sale is passed. You know we think it’ll just be a much clearer discussion at that point.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay and then Bob about the pricing that you’re pushing through, can you be more specific on where the pricing is coming. Is it all in soup? And then since the soup season is mostly over, you know how much soup price realization can you really get in this fiscal year?
Bob Schiffner:  Well the pricing is really across the board. There are very few businesses or segments not taking some kind of price you know in this fiscal year. As far as US soup pricing is concerned, I can’t specifically comment on that. In terms of our overall US soup, sauces and beverages business, our price increase is roughly 5% and so it is again across the board including soup products and you know we expect to generate reasonably strong price from those actions in the second half.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: You think a lot of it will flow through in the second half?
Bob Schiffner:  Yes and also in fact, remember that in fact we also have an extra week in the second half as well.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks Bob.
Doug Conant:  Robert, building on that, this is Doug, the price will flow through more fully in the fourth quarter than it will in the third quarter as it’s just in the process of being implemented now.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Leonard Griehs:  Okay, next question Amy.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, good morning everybody. Could you, previously you’ve given guidance in terms of the input cost inflation as a percent of [unintelligible], I think [unintelligible] updated that in the release. Would you care to comment on that?
Bob Schiffner:  Yeah we think it’s about what we’ve historically said 6-7%.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay and is there lack of a change due to hedging or is a lot here changed just that your particular input still fall within that band?
Bob Schiffner:  I would say that it’s a little bit of both.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay and in the last quarter you called out the weather as having an effect on your performance, do you, think that’s an issue now, do you want to comment on that at all during the quarter that you just reported?
Doug Conant:  No and the call out on the weather was just, it effected the quarterly inventory build for our customers but we don’t have, see any impact of weather on our performance.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay and then lastly, on low sodium you know previously you’ve talked about how incremental it’s been and I forgot the exact numbers that you’ve given, is there any update to that incrementality?
Doug Conant:  I’ll give a full, it is highly incremental, I’ll give a full update at CAGNY next week.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay and then lastly just any update on your, the performance from China and Russia or how the implementation looks like.
Doug Conant:  The execution of the markets, of the startup of the lead markets is going well. We’ve only been shipping for four months in Southern China in the lead market and just a few months in in Moscow, Russia. I’ll give a full update at CAGNY.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay and then one last one, on the microwavable bowls, this is the second quarter that you’ve called out some weakness in that performance, what do you think that’s due to? Do you think there’s any sort of shift due to a weakening consumer away from convenience or negative mix shift, is that what it is?
Doug Conant:  Not particularly, we’re lapping a huge first half a year ago when the sales were up 14% on microwave products and some of this is promotionally driven. Our promotional spending is a little down in the first half and its planned to be up in the second half. And we have other plans that should keep microwave going over time at the category average if not better.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you, I’ll pass it along.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer – UBS: Hey guys, I was going to ask about that microwavable platform a bit. You made that general comment that you’re going to be doing something in the future to make it grow as fast as the category. But I’m wondering, maybe you can give it a little bit more color as to why that segment, it seems like a problem at this point, it’s been declining so rapidly, is there any commentary you can offer?
Doug Conant:  Well, in the first half it’s just lapping big numbers, 14% sales growth and we have some promotional spending shift which is going to be more pronounced in the second half than in the first half. We’re also in the process of rolling out our gravity fed shelving system in a significant way over the next couple of years which should help dramatically get, help us life that segment up pretty significantly. But I’d say now it’s more of a timing issue than it is a consumer issue.
David Palmer – UBS: And have you, I’ve heard from channel checks that the promotions have been stepped up at some retailers a little bit more, the ten for ten type stuff out there. Could you comment on that in terms of your strategy, the competitive environment with regard to value and the kind of the steamier deals.
Doug Conant:  Well, we’re, I’m not going to get into specific trade promotions strategy but I will say we’ve tried to moderate our competitive posture there. We intend to be competitive but not to be overly aggressive. All of our marketing mix modeling suggests that the opportunity to revitalize the category and to grow it is connect with the consumer now through trade promotions. So that’s our intent and that’s why you see our advertising going up.
David Palmer – UBS: And one last one, did you disclose in this release, because I missed it, about Godiva’s same store sales. I mean is that appropriate at this point to ask about that?
Doug Conant:  Well, they were down just like other high end retail. They were down and North America is our biggest market, so that was the primary concern. Actually our wholesale business was up a [tich], so it was really the retail environment in our stores in the holiday season.
David Palmer – UBS: Okay, I’ll stop there, thanks again.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning everyone. Just I’m trying to think here about the condensed and broth, because of the drop in cooking and condensed, is that being picked [up] by broth and maybe should we think about looking at the two categories on a combined basis? Is there some of that going on, is that what explains the drop in cooking condensed soups?
Doug Conant:  Well, first of all, broth is on fire and has been for several years and I’ll cover some of this at CAGNY. So, broth has been growing at a nice rate as we have been growing cooking soups as well. So they’ve both been growing until this first half. And so there was no, it’s not like this is a long term trend.  We had a few tactical missteps with our cooking soups in the first half and we’ve addressed them and expect them to get back on track. So I don’t see a relationship there, although we do look at them and we look at total cooking behavior internally. We see opportunities for growth here. The broth product is used in many applications but not heavily in casseroles and our cream soups, our cooking soups are heavily casserole oriented and that catch all business is going to continue to grow as well. So, they ought to be able to grow in parallel with one another.
Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan: And just to follow up, for Bob, Bob in the first quarter you know soup margins or soup, sauces and beverages margins were down about 230 basis points year on year, in the second quarter they are down only 40 basis points, although as you said there wasn’t much price, there was no price realization, I’m just trying to understand what explains that. Is it just the scale issue, that sales were down in the first quarter and now you have better sales? Or what else is there going on, you’re spending more, the pricing is flat yet the margin trend it’s a lot better, I’m just trying to get a sense of what explains that.
Bob Schiffner:  We had improved SG&A cost performance which is one thing and you always get shifts in trade promotion and some shifts in mix so all of those things come together to generate the performance that you’ve mentioned.
Doug Conant:  Pablo you almost have to look at it across the half and then we’ve got to look at it, the second half, once our pricing gets traction in the second half.
Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan: Right and just one quick follow up, to be clear, the base of $1.95, that is not adjusting yet for Godiva right? So we still don’t know whether it’s going to be dilutive or accretive, can you shed some light on that?
Bob Schiffner:  You’re absolutely right in that the $1.95 still includes Godiva and we will get into the accretion dilution issue when we close Godiva and we update our guidance.
Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan: And one last one, in terms of inventories of the trade, but the end of the second quarter would you say they were balanced or were there shipments [unintelligible] take aways in the second quarter?
Bob Schiffner:  They were balanced, fairly equivalent to what they were in the prior year.
Pablo Zuanic – J.P. Morgan: Okay thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mitchell Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Hey, good morning. In terms of pricing, Bob you talked about 5% pricing in the US soup and sauce beverage, can you talk about what you, so your, we should expect in pricing on the other lines in baking and snacking and international.
Bob Schiffner:  We’ll have pricing in baking and snaking and you know I would expect some pricing in international soups, sauces and beverages as well but probably not as much.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Not as much as baking and snaking or not as much as…
Bob Schiffner:  As the other segments which we’ll show.
Doug Conant:  Mitch, the baking and snaking pricing has been going along at a fairly steady pace during the course of the year. Our soup pricing basically had to be held back because we had a promotion schedule where we had to wait until February to take it. So it just has a different profile than the baking and snaking pricing.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  One would think with 4% soup growth and double digit V8 growth, clearly two of your highest margin businesses, you know would have expected a little better operating margin performance despite the heavy cost inflation, is it just, is it that, that your pricing lag here, is [overlay].
Bob Schiffner:  Absolutely.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, so that’s the primary issue there?
Bob Schiffner:  Yes it is.
Doug Conant:  Mitch, largely, the way to think about it at the company anyway, we delivered 7% sales growth, if we had just held our gross margin which we’ve demonstrated the ability to do when we forecast prices correctly, we would have delivered $50 million more in EBIT, it would have been an 8% EBIT growth and an 8% EPS growth with 7% sales growth. And we just missed the call.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, okay, one last thing, have you seen any, with condensed usually condensed is viewed as a, might be a good recessionary product. Is there any, are you seeing any trends along that line? I know we’re talking cooking and eating and those habits but is there any return to value at all here that you’re seeing yet in the numbers?
Doug Conant:  We think there’s a latent opportunity for that. Obviously we haven’t tapped into it yet otherwise I’d be reporting better numbers, but we think we’re well positioned here and we expect better things in the first and the second half than we had in the first half.
Mitchell Pinheiro – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Good morning and thank you. Could you update us, I think we talked a little bit about, some of the capacity constraints you might have in that beverage business right now, I know the CCE deal has been huge for you and are we capacity constrained and what do we, when will new capacity come on to sort of fund this growth?
Doug Conant:  One thing, Bob will talk to you about the capacity piece in a minute, we’re putting some in, but the important thing is we’re just getting going with the Coke and the CCE deal. Largely what’s driving our performance is our base business and our marketing efforts right now against V8, V8 V-fusion and V8 splash. So the best is yet to come on this deal as we’re just, we just started shipping in September. Bob, do you want to give him an update on the capacity.
Bob Schiffner:  As far as the capacity is concerned okay we are nearing capacity constraints but you know we’re planning this looking forward and you know we will be spending capital starting this year into next year to add additional capacity in beverage.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Okay and just Doug if you would allow me to follow up on Mitch, you mentioned latent possibilities for soup to be sort of a recession buster, counter cyclical product, it would seem to me that prepared meal in general, where I think soups offer a tremendous amount of value would be the first place maybe people rotating from food away from home to food at home you know in some tougher times would look in the grocery store. Did that happen in the early 90’s? I don’t know on a [granulover] basis.
Doug Conant:  It’s hard for us to tease out those kind of nuances because soup in season is much more responsive to promotional activity than it is those kinds of trends and so it’s just hard for us to tease out the nuances. But your instincts are right and I would encourage you to go out and tell all your neighbors that this is the perfect recession food.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: I’ve been doing all I can.
Doug Conant:  Alright, I’m counting on you.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Terry Bivens of Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns:  Morning gentlemen. Doug back on condensed, you know that, I guess there’s still a theory out there that as condensed goes, so goes the company. If you look back over the past three quarters though it’s been kind of tough sledding in condensed and you know yesterday Tree House pointed to what they called you know warm weather in terms of the private label piece of it, you guys are addressing more the cooking soups. You know my question is, what seems to have caused what had been a pretty good performer for you guys to kind of going into the tank a little bit here over the last three quarters?
Doug Conant:  Well first of all, there is a great observation you had is obviously our condensed soup has been a little soft for a few quarters but our company has done quite well. So the first observation is that we’re not a one trick pony and that the rest of the company can deliver in a quality way. The second observation I would have around condensed soup is that you know we’ve demonstrated the ability when we innovate on the product and when we have news we’ve driven nearly a 4% compound annual growth rate in condensed soup over the last three years and 3% over the last five years.  We believe that as long as we maintain our innovation momentum and don’t have any tactical missteps, we ought to be able to continue to aspire to that kind of sales performance because it does fit into consumer trends and lifestyle. Now, our innovation has not been as robust this year and we did have a tactical misstep or two along the way which caused us to have a soft first half. I believe we’ll have a stronger second half and I believe we’ll be positioned for next year as we lap the weak first half we’ve had this year. So I’m feeling okay about it, I wish we’d done better but we will.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns:  Okay and kind of the same question to RTS, you know there is a bit of a feeling out there that maybe they caught you a bit off guard this year with things like Progresso light et cetera, what’s your feeling about that going forward vis-à-vis the competitive dynamic there with Progresso?
Doug Conant:  Well, we just need to do better. We are the 800 pound gorilla in this category. We dominate all the segments whether it’s condensed, ready to serve or broth. We have all the capabilities in the world, we just need to do better and you saw we did better in the second quarter and I expect we’ll continue to do better and we’ll highlight some of the initiatives we have going forward at CAGNY. But we just need to do better. You know, we’ve done okay, we need to do better.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns:  Okay, fair enough and just one last thing, I think Bob you mentioned 5% on the North American soups and sauces, would we be, price increase that is, would we be able to assume that maybe it was a little more in line with your overall 6-7 inflation rate when we look at just the soup side of things?
Bob Schiffner:  First of all, it wasn’t the North American it was the US soups, sauces and beverages. Okay and I mean clearly as we go into the second half, Terry, you know this price increase wasn’t taken until earlier this month. So obviously we expect a better matching of cost and price in the second half and you know that’s what our expectation is.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns:  Okay, very good, I’ll see you guys at CAGNY.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein:  Hello, couple of quick things, picking up on the theme of macroeconomic jitters out there, I wondered if you could just, to the food service segment, given that I guess sale growth was pretty stagnant this quarter, seeing as that their margins are down, are you seeing a bit of a slow down or are there other things going on for you in food service that are causing that deterioration in performance?
Doug Conant:  In our case I don’t think there are any fundamental trends that are affecting us. The away from home segment is a little bit soft overall in the economy but our initiatives, our performance is more linked to the initiatives we’ve taken and we, I think you just have to view it as a soft second quarter. We’re very optimistic and I’ll cover about our food service business, I’ll actually cover that at CAGNY next week.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein:  Okay great and just one more one, the rollout of the gravity feed shelving system in the ready to serve segment, I know that had kind of got a bit of a false start, or it was getting going but perhaps not as quickly as you would like. Could you give us an update on where that is and is it picking up and are you seeing incremental sales from that at the moment?
Doug Conant:  Well, I’ll give a more complete update at CAGNY next week but the overall story is the ready to serve rollout is going as we planned it and we are seeing the change in performance when it’s implemented that we expected to see. And so we’re pleased with the way it’s going. It just goes a little slower because several more competitors have to be involved in the decision making and the category for the customer to install it. So it’s just a slower process but it’s going as we planned it to go.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers:  Morning everyone. Doug you had mentioned sort of what could have been in terms of EBIT growth and EPS growth if you were able to have held gross margins flat in the quarter, even with the minimal pricing that you’ve gotten, I mean gross margin dollars were still up a couple of 4% or so, the pricing that you’re now taking or thinking ahead kind of the next [tube] season, is that meant to try and sort of maintain or grow your gross margins in dollars or is that actually attempting to get back to a point where you can keep your margins stable? Because if it’s the latter obviously you know that would suggest if it flows through the way you’d hope, obviously it could be a pretty powerful driver around the EBIT and the EPS line.
Doug Conant:  Andrew just to, the comment I had was around first half not the quarter. I’d step back and I’d look at our philosophy as the pricing and productivity ought to be offsetting our costs. They didn’t in the first half and our margins were troubled. Our pricing now is designed to position us to get back on a margin growth track and when you couple it with productivity initiatives starting in F09. But you know we have miles to go before we sleep here. We underestimated costs coming into this year and we’ve got to make sure we’re right on top of our game as we go into next year.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers:  Well that’s what I’m getting at, I’m trying to get a sense [overlay].
Doug Conant:  But the game plan is as we see it is we believe we can take pricing and productivity to improve our percentage gross margin going into next year. That’s our goal.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers:  That’s the goal okay that’s helpful and then a number of other companies not surprisingly have kind of said hey with this type of inflation and these types of pricing increases, the age old kind of volume sensitivity and elasticity models might not prove overly helpful. Do you feel like that same sort of level of risk around this type of pricing as others might or is your sense from past experience and given your own specific category dynamics and what you’re seeing competitively give you a level of comfort that this type of pricing works through the way you’d like.
Doug Conant:  Well, it’s a lot of price and we are anxious about it. We’re going to manage it. We wouldn’t have taken it if we didn’t think the next impact would have been positive. But this is something we’ve got to manage very carefully. The good news is that if we’re just talking about soup, the soup category is well positioned relative to other simple meals. Due largely to all of our innovation and initiatives over the last five years, we’ve got the soup category growing at a faster rate than other simple meals. And so we’ve got good momentum over time in this category. I think it can hold the pricing relative to other simple meals but we have to prove ourselves.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and then just a very quick one and this might be more you know CAGNY related and that’s fine, but in terms of how you think about in soups specifically [count of] innovation, you’ve tended to say, what are the big sort of platforms, right whether it’s low sodium or maybe more broader the way you think about it, health and wellness and what have you and others have maybe gone for more depending on their own business more niche opportunities coming here and there. Do you still think the broader platform is the way to go or is there an opportunity to keep doing that but also be maybe more aggressive in some of the niches given you are the 800 pound gorilla and should kind of own every different sort of consumer occasion or desire in soup that’s out there.
Doug Conant:  Over time we intend to do that. I still believe that the three platforms we’ve established corporately have a lot of runway on them and when I talk about wellness, I talk about convenience and I talk about quality and premium. And those are the three primary platforms and I think there’s a lot of upside there and I’ll hit this pretty hard when we get to CAGNY next week.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers:  Got it, good, see you then.
Operator:  I’m showing no further questions sir.
Leonard Griehs:  Okay very good, thank you everyone and we hope that if you cannot attend CAGNY next week that you will listen on our webcast, we will be on Wednesday morning before lunch and invite all of you to attend then. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leonard F. Griehs - Vice President,Investor Relations Anthony P. DiSilvestro - Vice President, Controller Robert A. Schiffner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior VicePresident Douglas R. Conant - President, Chief Executive Officer,Director
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns  David Palmer - UBS  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  David Driscoll - Citigroup  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 earningsconference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce yourhost for today’s conference, Mr. Leonard Griehs, Vice President of InvestorRelations. Sir, you may begin. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Campbell Soup Companyfirst quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. On our call this morning, AnthonyDiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller, will open by discussing results for the first quarter. Bob Schiffner,Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will also offer someremarks. A question-and-answer session will follow. Doug Conant, President and ChiefExecutive Officer, will join us for this portion of the call.  Earlier this morning, our results were published along witha supplemental schedule for the quarter. Both of these items are also postednow on our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com. The replay of our call will beavailable approximately two hours after it is completed through midnight,November 23rd. The replay number is 1-888-266-2081, or 1-703-925-2533 and theaccess code is 1152446.  The call will also be broadcast over the Internet. You maylisten by logging on to our website and clicking on the webcast banner. As amatter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors andmembers of the media.  Our discussion will contain forward-looking statements thatreflect the company’s current expectations about its future plans andperformance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptionsand estimates that could be inaccurate, and which are subject to risks anduncertainties. These include statements concerning the impact of marketinginvestments and strategies, share repurchase, pricing, new productintroductions and innovation, cost-savings initiatives, quality improvements,and portfolio strategies, including divestitures, impact on sales, earnings andmargins and other factors described in the company’s most recent 10-K asupdated from time to time by the company in subsequent filings with theSecurities and Exchange Commission.  Our actual results could vary materially from thoseanticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement made by the company.Our discussion includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. Wehave provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directlycomparable measures, which is available on our investor website and it’s alsoattached to the earnings release.  Now, to discuss our first quarter results, AnthonyDiSilvestro.
Anthony P.DiSilvestro: Good morning. First, let’s look at our consolidated resultsfor the quarter. Sales grew 7% to $2.298 billion. Sales growth breaks down asfollows; volume and mix added 4%, price and sales allowances added 1%;increased promotional spending deducted 1%; currency added 3%. Gross margin decreasedto 41.5% from 42.6% in the prior year. The decline is primarily due to costinflation and higher promotional spending, which were only partially offset byproductivity gains and higher selling prices.  Marketing and selling expenses increased by $32 million to$348 million, primarily due to higher advertising expenses, currency, andhigher selling expenses, principally at Godiva.  Administrative expense increased by $17 million to $152million, primarily due to higher compensation and benefit costs, includingthose related to the company’s North American business realignment and due tocurrency.  Earnings before interest and taxes were $431 millioncompared to $438 million a year ago, a decrease of 2%. Net interest expense was$42 million, up from $41 million a year ago primarily due to higher net debtlevels.  The tax rate was 30.6% versus 32.2% reported in the firstquarter a year ago. The lower tax rate for the quarter was primarily driven bya tax rate reduction in Germany. For the year, we project our full-year taxrate to be approximately 32%.  Earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were$270 million versus $269 million in the year ago quarter. Earnings per sharefrom continuing operations were $0.70 compared to $0.66 in the year agoquarter, an increase of 6%, reflecting a lower average number of diluted sharesoutstanding due to our share repurchase program.  Earnings from discontinued operations in the prior year’sfirst quarter were $22 million, representing the gain on the sale of our U.K.and Ireland businesses.  Now I’ll discuss operating highlights by reporting segment.  U.S. soup, sauces and beverages; sales of $1.097 billionwere up 4% from $1.052 billion in the year-ago quarter. The sales increasebreaks down as follows: volume and mix added 6%; increased promotional spendingdeducted 2%; total soup sales declined 1% compared to 10% growth a year ago;condensed soup sales in the quarter declined 2%, driven by lower sales ofeating varieties; ready-to-serve soup sales declined 2%; broth sales increased8%.  Sales gains for Campbell’s Select and Campbell’s ChunkySoups in cans were driven by increased promotional activity and higheradvertising. Chunky also benefited from the launch of our new, simple mealvarieties labeled Chunky Fully Loaded. These gains were more than offset by adecline in sales of the convenience platforms, which includes soups inmicrowaveable bowls and cups.  Across the soup portfolio, sales benefited from reducedsodium products, which continued to perform well. Broth sales increased due tohigher levels of advertising and the launch of additional sizes of asepticvarieties.  Now I’ll comment on our other categories in this reportingsegment.  Beverage sales increased double digits, with gains in V8vegetable juice, V8 V-Fusion vegetable and fruit juice, V8 Splash juice drinks,and tomato juice. Increased sales were driven by continued strong consumerdemand for healthier beverages, increased advertising, and our new agreementwith Coca-Cola North America and Coca-Cola Enterprises for distribution of ourrefrigerated single-serve beverages in the U.S. and Canada.  Sales of Prego Pasta Sauces grew double digits, driven byincreased advertising and promotional activity.  Pace sales declined due to strong competitive activity.  Operating earnings for this reporting segment were $310million compared with $322 million in the prior year period. The decrease inoperating earnings was primarily due to cost inflations and increasedadvertising and promotional spending, partially offset by higher sales volumesand productivity gains.  Baking and snacking -- sales for the quarter were $532million compared with $484 million, an increase of 10%. Sales growth breaksdown as follows: volume and mix added 3%; price and sales allowances added 3%;currency added 5%; the divestiture of our Papua New Guinea business subtracted1%.  Sales increased for all Pepperidge Farm businesses, whichincludes bakery, cookies and crackers, and frozen. The sales increase in cookiesand crackers was primarily due to growth of Goldfish crackers and higher salesof [soft baked] and 100-calorie pack cookies.  The sales increase in bakery was primarily due to solidgains in whole grain products, including breads, sandwich rolls, and bagels.  Arnott sales increased double digits, primarily due to thefavorable impact of currency and growth in biscuits, partially offset bydeclines in the snack foods business. The growth in biscuits was due to gainsin tin pan chocolate biscuits and sweet and savory products.  Operating earnings were $73 million versus $68 million ayear ago. Earnings increased primarily due to the favorable impact of currency.Within Arnott, gains in biscuits were partially offset by an earnings declinein the snack foods business. In Pepperidge Farm, sales gains were offset by theimpact of higher commodity costs.  International soups, sauces and beverages -- sales for thequarter were $389 million, compared to $346 million, an increase of 12%. Salesgrowth breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 3%; price and salesallowances added 1%; currency added 8%. Excluding the impact of currency, salesgrowth was driven by solid gains in our businesses in Canada, Mexico, theAsia-Pacific region, Belgium, and France.  Operating earnings were $51 million versus $48 million inthe prior year. Operating earnings were driven by the favorable impact ofcurrency and improved sales performance, partially offset by increased expensesto establish businesses in Russia and China.  Other -- this includes the business of GodivaChocolatier worldwide and the business of Away From Home] in the U.S. andCanada. Sales for the quarter were $280 million compared to $271 million, anincrease of 3%. Sales growth breaks down as follows: volume and mix added 2%;price and sales allowances added 1%; increased promotional spending subtracted1%; currency added 1%.  Godiva sales increased double digits due to growth in allregions and the favorable impact of currency. As previously announced, thecompany is currently exploring strategic options for the Godiva business.  Away From Home sales decreased as the favorable impact ofcurrency was more than offset by sales declines in frozen entrees andrefrigerated soups. Operating earnings were $25 million versus $26 million inthe prior year.  Unallocated corporate expense for the quarter was $28million compared to $26 million a year ago.  That completes my discussion of the operating segments. Now,let’s turn to cash flow and the balance sheet.  Cash flow from operations in the quarter was a source of $74million as compared to a use in the prior year of $88 million. The prior yearincluded the payment of $83 million to settle foreign currency hedges relatedto our divested U.K. and Ireland businesses.  The current year benefited from a lower increase in workingcapital, principally accounts receivable and inventory.  Capital expenditures were $40 million compared to $46million in the prior year. Our forecast for capital spending in fiscal 2008remains at approximately $400 million.  Total debt at quarter end was $2.814 billion, compared to$2.863 billion a year ago. Cash and cash equivalents were $77 million ascompared to $230 million in the prior year.  Net debt, which deducts cash and cash equivalents from totaldebt, was $2.737 billion versus $2.633 billion, an increase of $104 million.  We currently have two ongoing share repurchase programs. Ourstrategic share repurchase program of $600 million, which commenced in November2005, and runs through fiscal 2008, and our anti-dilutive repurchase programwhich offset the impact of shares issued under our incentive compensationprogram.  Combining these two programs, we spent $78 million torepurchase 2 million shares during the first quarter.  That concludes my remarks. Bob Schiffner will now make someclosing comments. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Thanks, Anthony and good morning, everyone. Our results thisquarter were mixed. We were very satisfied with the overall performance of ourbaking and snacking business, as we were able to deliver strong top lineperformance in both Arnott’s and Pepperidge Farm and hold our gross margin inthis segment, despite strong cost inflationary pressures.  Our international soups, sauces, and beverages business alsoperformed well, aided by a weaker dollar and strong volume growth in the majormarkets of Canada, Australia, Belgium, France and Mexico. And our U.S. beveragebusiness remains on fire, delivering top line growth of 30%, as well as strongdouble-digit bottom line growth.  Also noteworthy this quarter is the kick-off of our singleserve beverage distribution agreement with Coke, which is off to a solid startand meeting our expectations.  Our U.S. soup business had a tough first quarter with netsales declining 1%. Our performance was impacted by difficult comparisons withlast year’s strong first quarter, as well as by the extremely warm weather weexperienced this fall.  Given the stronger-than-expected cost inflationaryenvironment, we also did not have sufficient carry-in pricing to preservemargins. However, as we enter the key consumption periods of our soup season,we still believe that we have the products and programs to rebound in thebalance of the year. Consequently, we are maintaining our 2008 EPS fromcontinuing operations guidance at 5% to 7% growth from the 2007 adjusted baseof $1.95.  In closing, I would also like to acknowledge that costinflation has become a more challenging issue than we had originallyanticipated. We clearly share this issue with other food companies in ourcompetitive set.  Given the commodity cost environment and escalating oilcosts, we now expect cost inflation to fall within the range of 6% to 7% thisfiscal year, above our 5% planning assumption. Given this higher cost pressure,we are currently reevaluating our pricing strategies for the fiscal year andprobably will need to take a more aggressive stance in this area going forward. Now, I’ll turn it back to Len for our question-and-answersession. 
Leonard F. Griehs: You can begin the question-and-answer session, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes fromAlexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard -Sanford Bernstein : A question on the margin outlook for the rest of the yearand how quickly we might expect that to start to come through. Clearly -- I wasfrankly quite surprised to see the pricing for the company overall be fairlyflat on a net basis for the whole company this time around, given that mostother companies are taking things up. What we’ve heard from some of thecompanies is that contact [tracks] with retailers at promotional price pointssometimes delay or create a time lag before you can actually take pricing up.Can you talk to me a little bit about how quickly we might expect to see thecombination of better pricing and productivity improvements come through tostart to help that out?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, as far as productivity is concerned, we should seefairly constant productivity improvements through the year. I think from apricing standpoint, it’s fair to say that that impact will probably be more ofa second half impact as opposed to a first half impact. So sitting here today,I would tell you that we still expect to hold margins on the year. I think itwould be highly unlikely at this point to expect better margins and we shouldstart seeing that improvement more toward the second half of the year. 
Alexia Howard -Sanford Bernstein : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from DeutscheBank.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. I guess first to follow up on that,on Alexia’s line of thinking, so basically now you’re -- with higher pricinghopefully in the second half, assuming private label and General Mills follow,you would assume that sales growth and EBIT growth are roughly the same?
Robert A. Schiffner: Roughly the same -- our forecast is roughly the same, yes. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then you get some benefit from the share repo andmaybe some debt pay down, or something like that, to create the leverage?
Robert A. Schiffner: More from share repo. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then I guess is it mostly -- in terms of theinflation, is it mostly a function of fuel that’s changed the outlook, Bob?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, I think we’re looking at higher wheat prices. I thinkto some extent, both dairy and our oils have also increased in pricing as well,but clearly diesel fuel is a big element. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then last question and I’ll pass it on, or maybemore of a comment, I’m a little bit surprised that you chose to highlightweather. I mean, I really think it’s kind of a double-edged sword. On the onehand, maybe it was a factor but to the extent that you are calling that outversus what you said in the past, Doug, that I’m never going to highlight this,now it makes me say all right, well, if it’s cold, then you better really do wellas opposed to kind of blaming it when it’s warm. Can you just go through that alittle bit? And I guess to the extent that you can talk about the category, howhas weather impacted the category overall, as opposed to you maybe losing shareor something like that?
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, I would have been disappointed if you hadn’t raisedthat issue, so thank you. As you know, we’ve been doing this now for going onseven years, 28 quarters, and have not highlighted weather as a significantissue. And I still don’t believe it will be a significant issue for the year.  Every year, we have had warmer quarters, colder quarters,and overall we’ve been able to deliver our sales forecast as a result of thatand ultimately our earnings forecast. So what we chose to do was highlight thefact that in this fall, this autumn, the weather clearly had an impact on ourfall plans but I do not believe it will have an impact on our full year plans.  I am very comfortable with our forecast, which basicallywe’re standing by our original forecast, which said we would grow sales as acompany 3% to 4%, and you know if we are going to do that as a company, we needto do that in soup. We’re very comfortable with our forecast for the year.  I will say we got off to a slow start and affected byweather more so than we have observed in the last 28 quarters since I’ve beendoing this, but it will not be an excuse for the year.  Eric, I wish there was a perfect one-for-one correlationhere but quite frankly, when the weather is warm, significantly warmer, we dosee a slight dampening in sales. When we see it go from being cold to colder,we don’t see the same kind of lift, that’s because it’s cold enough already tohave soup and if it’s a little colder, it really doesn’t drive soup consumptionthat much more.  The one other thing I would say about our U.S. soup businessis we are reporting that we are down a little less than 1%, but I feel verygood about the way our soup business is positioned. We were down a little lessthan 1% versus a record high 10% growth last year and this first quarter inU.S. soup is the second-best first quarter we’ve had in at least 10 years, andit’s $100 million above where it was only three short years ago. So we’velifted the whole performance level of our soup portfolio to a new level. Wedidn’t grow as much as we had hoped for and I would say we just lost a littleof the edge due to the weather and I think we’ll get it back over the balanceof the year.  I feel very good about the way we’re positioned but we haveour work cut out for us. We have to do better and we know what we need to doand we’ll do it and we’ll lead the category to a higher performance level.  I do think, although we won’t comment on any specificconsumption or share information, you have seen and the customers have seenthat this category was slow over the last three months and we expect that topick up and in fact, we’re already starting to see that in November.  So that’s it from here. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Eric, let me just embellish on a little bit of what Dougsaid. We’ve done a lot of empirical analysis here around the impact of theweather and basically, what we have seen over time is that weather patternswill impact the flow of volumes within a soup season. When you look over manysoup seasons, weather doesn’t play hardly any factor at all but within the soupseason, it will in fact have an impact on moving volume around. So again, thisis what we’ve always said, is that you have to evaluate us throughout a fullseason as opposed to one quarter and I think that’s the point we were trying tomake relative to weather. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: That’s helpful and I think that’s a fair point. Are youseeing any recent lift in condensed because of consumer pressure out there, interms of disposable income stress or let’s say recession type movements?
Douglas R. Conant: Our experience with condensed in the fullness of time hasbeen that when there is economic pressure on consumers, condensed is a goodvalue offering and it should hold up reasonably well. But as you’ll recall, wehad 25 straight years of a declining condensed business and we’re in year fourof growing it again. It will be interesting to see how it responds in thissituation but we’re optimistic about it. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. 
Douglas R. Conant: Just to build on the condensed piece, we have said thataspirationally over the last three years, we’ve grown condensed soup sales atabout a 4% clip and we said aspirationally that’s what we would like to do.  The way we do the math on that is basically condensed soupsales should grow with population, which is around 1% to 2% and hopefully weexpect to do a little better. We think we can stay in that model of growing withpopulation this year and hopefully do a little better. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Good morning, everyone. Two quick things; you know, Doug,traditionally I guess there have been times in the past when you haven’t donethis, but usually pricing comes kind of near the end of soup season. Is thereany risk to trying to get it a little bit earlier?
Douglas R. Conant: Terry, it’s not really very practical because you have your-- you have all your programming laid out with your customers already throughthe rest of the soup season and in all likelihood, it’s going to be -- it wouldbe difficult, if not impossible, to move that around. So it is what it is. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Terry, we really aren’t projecting any kind of thing onpricing at this point. I think what we’ve said is we would -- we’re going tohave to revisit but we’re not making any forecast around pricing or we’re goingto do it or anything like that. 
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay, I thought I heard a hint there, but okay. And just oneother quick thing; why the need to be so promotional in the quarter? That onesurprised me a bit. 
Douglas R. Conant: We had set up our plans independent of what turned out to bea very warm autumn, and we intend to fully compete. As you’ll note, ourmarketing spend was up significantly. If we had wanted to hit the consensusnumber, we could have cut it a little bit but we intend to compete fully andsignificantly. We’re in it for the long haul. We thought it was appropriatethis year to compete and manage our price gaps tightly with private label andthe branded manufacturers, and so we did. 
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: A quick question, just to lead off; your consumers, do youthink they are pushing back a bit on your higher priced items in a tougheconomic environment? The reason I ask this, and this might be out there, yourmicrowaveable platform, clearly higher priced and then you have your FullyLoaded lineup and that was clearly priced at a higher level. Is perhaps FullyLoaded not doing quite as well as you thought it might be because of that pricepoint? Or separately, that microwaveable lineup, is that because of perhapsretailer and progressive brand introductions in the microwaveable bowls? Orperhaps, do you think there might be something broader going on with theconsumer trading down?
Douglas R. Conant: No. Just a couple of points; one, the microwaveable platformis the most pronounced reason for that slowness in the first quarter ispromotional timing and we expect it to be strong for the year.  The other observation I would make on our higher priceditems, they still offer great value relative to other simple meals. And we knowthat particularly with Chunky, we know that we are interacting more with otherfood alternatives than soup. And actually, we do track our performance relativeto other simple meals and we do know we’re outperforming that category and mostof them are higher priced than soup. So we like our price value propositionrelative to simple meals and we like our price value proposition relative toall the alternatives out there as we go into the year.  The microwave piece is more timing than anything else. 
David Palmer - UBS: You also said in your release, and I think in your remarks,that low sodium is performing well. Could you give us an idea of what thatmeans to you?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we continue to, on all the new items, we continued totrack very healthy repeat rates and that collection of SKUs continues to grownicely above the average of the line. And even though the competitive fray hasgotten a little more intense, we are also now adding the lower sodium version,the healthy request versions to our microwave line and they’ll be flowing inthis quarter and getting into next year, I mean later this year.  So we’ve added I think 17 new sodium items on top of thelast year’s launch. Last year’s launch is growing at an above average rate andwith the 17 on top of it, including taking it into microwave, we think we’regoing to have another very solid year. 
David Palmer - UBS: And lastly, on Godiva, you expect that to close by the endof the calendar year, and you’ll be using the cash proceeds, if indeed this iswhat happens, for share repurchase?
Douglas R. Conant: It’d be premature to comment. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Yeah, we’re not going to comment on that. 
David Palmer - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from CreditSuisse.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Thank you. Doug and Bob, could you tell me how much -- whatkind of increase in consumer marketing do you think that you’ll do this year,just on the advertising levels? You’ve said that you didn’t want to cut thefirst quarter, so you want to stay strong. Can you give us a range?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we have a plan to have solid growth in consumerA&C, advertising and consumer promotion for the year but quite frankly, wedon’t give out forecasts for that. But we are currently contemplating having asolid increase. 
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay, and then spending in Russia and China, I noticed thatprofits are actually up in your international soup business, Bob had said toexpect some dilution from that spending the next couple of years. Was thereheavy dilution to profit growth in international from Russia and China?
Douglas R. Conant: Bob, why don’t you take that?
Robert A. Schiffner: We in fact did have higher spending in the emerging marketsthis quarter versus last quarter. It’s up approximately $3 million, so we wouldexpect to have higher losses or more expenses, depending on how you look at itover the full year as well. So again, emerging markets will be a dilutiveinfluence on us in fiscal ’08. 
Douglas R. Conant: The consumer spending -- both markets we now have productsin market at retail. Consumer spending is in full -- on full display in ourChina lead market and just rolling into our Russian market. So you’ll see thespending in these lead markets start to go up in the second quarter. 
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay, one more thing; have you seen anything from yourretailers, maybe specifically convenience store operators, on their concernsabout taking a lot of inventory in with pricing going up, with inflationarypressures and the lending squeeze? I’ve got to imagine the answer is no sinceyour beverage business is so strong and that’s got to be convenience storerelated. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, actually we are just getting started with theconvenience store piece with Coca-Cola Enterprise and Coca-Cola North America.The bulk of our growth in this first quarter was out of our grocery business,but the -- we don’t see any -- we’re not unusually highly developed in theconvenience channel. It’s an average development index for us and we don’t seeany issues there right now. 
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from WachoviaSecurities.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : Good morning. Thank you. Bob, you gave us the next salesnumber for the U.S. soup business specifically. Could you give us a sense ofwhat volumes in pricing were in just that U.S. soup franchise as a whole?
Robert A. Schiffner: We don’t break it down that far, Jon. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : Then maybe at 30% growth, it seems like beverages are huge-- obviously a huge area of strength and just getting started. Maybe somereason to believe that might accelerate. Is there a meaningful gross margininflation or deflation that we’re seeing from that business right now and maybein the future?
Robert A. Schiffner: It’s above average. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : It’s above average gross margin?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes, it is. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : For the company?
Robert A. Schiffner: For the company. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : Okay. Wow. And just, and correct me if I’m wrong, the lowertax rate had looks like something like a $0.02 positive impact in it, but Ithink the tax rate guidance used to be 32 to 33, so by cutting off that highend, you kind of -- do you think you might have -- you would have pulled $0.02out of guidance had you not gotten that tax benefit? Or did you do someopportunistic sort of investing with that little bit?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, the German tax rate reduction had about a $0.016 impacton EPS and frankly, our guidance was 32% to 33%. We are now pulling it down tomore -- closer to 32% for the full year and so expect to see higher tax ratesfor the last three quarters. So I don’t think it’s going to offer us atremendous amount of financial flexibility relative to our plans going forward.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : If I could just ask one for Doug; you called out in therelease the eating varieties of condensed soup as a disappointment. I wouldassume the increased promotional activity has mainly been aimed atready-to-serve. Is this maybe a cannibalization you’re seeing? Is that the waythis business works?
Douglas R. Conant: No, actually I think what happened, we called out a fewareas where we felt we should do better. We called out convenient, microwaveand convenience. That was more of a promotional timing issue and condensedeating, in my opinion, was softened a little bit by the weather impact and Ithink you’re going to -- we’ll see, but I’m confident we’re going to see astronger performance the next three quarters. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities : It looks like the weather’s helping you today. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from MerrillLynch.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I’m wondering whether you guys could go intothe category dynamics in RTS cans a little bit more. If we take out thepromotional timing impact in the microwave bowls and convenience platforms, itstill seems that your RTS performance was a little disappointing, especiallyconsidering the very strong performance that Mills has spoken about lately onProgresso in terms of both share gains and retail sales increases. Could youtalk about your performance there in a little bit more detail?  And as a follow-on to that, could you talk about the overalltrade inventories in soups, not just RTS but condensed and RTS?
Douglas R. Conant: The first quarter does not a year make, and the key quartersare the second and third quarters, and we like our outlook for ready-to-servefor the year. We did -- it’s difficult to tease out meaningful comparisons whenyou have -- we had a record quarter a year ago and so we had just anoutstanding first quarter performance a year ago, and then we’ll lapping that withsome unusual weather that’s affected the way we are planning and promoting, andwe also changed some promotional timing around our microwaveable platformrelative to our canned platform. And we on top of it launched a new line,Chunky Fully Loaded.  So you have a lot of moving parts here. What I would say isthat, and I can’t get into the ins and outs of that, but what I will say is ifwe are expecting 3% to 4% growth in our soup business, we would expect thatkind of growth from our ready to serve business and I think we’rewell-positioned for the year to deliver that. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then trade inventories, a quick follow-up for Bob-- 
Robert A. Schiffner: Eric, I would say that in fact, we are not seeing any majordeviations from our expectations relative to trade inventories. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay, and Bob, just to follow-up, two quick items here; inthe past, you’ve spoken about $150 million to $180 million as sort of a bogeyfor ongoing productivity each year. Given the increased pressures on thecommodities side this year and maybe a little bit higher promotional spending,do you think you need to hit a higher number than that?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, the more we can generate, the better, that’s for sure.And we are working very diligently at trying to get as much costs reduced as wecan. But I think this year we’ll be very happy to stay within that range.Hopefully, as we look out past fiscal year ’08, we can generate a higher level.But I think for this year, we’re pretty satisfied that’ll probably fall withinthe range that you’ve identified. 
Douglas R. Conant: We have the SAP implementation, which we’re ramping up thisyear. It gives us visibility into ways to ramp up our productivity in 2009 and beyond,but given that we are still rolling that out this year, it’s just not going togive us the kind of lift that we think it will give us in ’09 and ’10. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: And then finally, and I’ll pass it on, just to follow-up onAlexia’s question -- I think it was Alexia’s -- on the pattern of marginimprovement throughout the year. Without talking about the timing orpossibility of pricing in particular, I seem to remember that you made commentsthat the margin should improve in the second half relative to what theperformance that we’re seeing in the first half.  At the same time, you are, given the seasonality of yourbusiness, about 68%, 69% of your earnings are typically generated in the firsthalf. Could you just maybe help reconcile how improved margins in the secondhalf will counterweight the margin pressure that we see in the first half toget you flat for the year?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, Eric, clearly you can do the math. Obviously I don’tdisagree with the fact that our profits are weighted more to the front halfthan they are the back half, although I’m not so sure that I ultimately agreewith the numbers that in fact you are using. But again, I mean, it’s obviouslya mathematical issue. We expect -- if we expect to hold margin for the fullyear, we’re going to drive higher margins in the second half relative to thefirst half and the weights I think will not be as dramatic as you have justcommunicated. So that’s how we get there. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken fromCleveland Research. If you have your phone on mute, can you un-mute your phone,please?
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: I just wanted to follow-up on an earlier question on youreating state volumes. You mentioned I think in the fourth quarter that youactually had a big increase. I’m just wondering if you thought it was possiblethat you had any pantry loading that could have maybe affected first quarter. 
Douglas R. Conant: No, Christine, we don’t really -- the customers don’t takeinventory in any meaningful quantity going into the summer, so no, that was notan issue at all. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Christine, I can add to that; we do get now panel informationon pantry loading for our consumers and frankly, the pantries look if anythingslightly below where they are historically at this point. So pantry loading asit relates to the consumer is not an issue. 
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Good to hear. And then, just on the commodity cost outlook,it seems like the bulk of the delta is in where you’ve seen the changesessentially are affecting your baking and snacks segment. I’m wondering, whenyou look at what you can do to offset that in terms of pricing versus takingweight out, it seems like you have a little more flexibility relative to thesoup. So I’m just wondering one, if you expect the commodity cost pressure toreally hit that segment, and then secondly, are you considering all of youralternatives in terms of offsetting that cost increase?
Robert A. Schiffner: The answer is yes, we are looking at everything possible. Wedo expect cost inflation to be much more aggressive in our baking and snackingbusiness starting in the second quarter. We were pretty much hedged throughoutmost of the first quarter, so that’s going to be a challenging segment for us goingforward and so we are looking at doing a number of things there to offset thatimpact of cost inflation. 
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: I’ll leave it there. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citigroup.
David Driscoll -Citigroup : Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone. Bob, youmentioned wheat as the number one commodity cost increase. However, marginswere hurt the worst in soup, sauces and beverages. Can you just tell me whatcosts hurt that particular line? Because that seems to be the area that weshould be focused on. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, when I’ve talked about those commodities that weexpect to hurt the most, I’m giving you kind of an annualized view of that.Obviously this quarter we have not been hit as hard in the baking and snackingbusiness as we will be going forward. In fact, when we do look at the soup business,it’s safe to say that in fact we do get impacted somewhat by wheat. We do haveflour that is an ingredient to thicken some of the soups. Dairy has hurt uswith our cream soups. We do also have some oil that is [a component] into oursoups as well.  Those are the items that in fact are driving the soupinflation. 
David Driscoll -Citigroup : The other piece that I wanted to follow up on was the lastconference call in early September, wheat prices were actually higher than theyare today on nearby futures. You mention that you’ve raised your commodity costexpectations for the full year. Can you help me understand what appears to be alittle bit of a differential between those comments? I would actually haveexpected you to say that versus where wheat prices were when you did your lastconference call, is slightly better. 
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, I think again timing plays a very important role interms of when you expect those prices to hit and where you’re covered and whereyou’re uncovered. You could look at spot prices in September and frankly, thoseare not very meaningful in terms of how they ultimately will hit our P&Lgoing forward. So I’ll just leave it at that. 
Douglas R. Conant: It’s more of a coverage issue than what you see in themarket, David. 
David Driscoll -Citigroup : Okay, but my question is that from what I can tell, a coupleof months ago when you did your call, you had a 5% commodity inflationexpectation. You knew what the coverage was. The wheat prices haven’t worsened-- certainly they are bad but they haven’t worsened, and it looks to me likethere’s a big delta, a big increase in commodity costs inflation expectations,and I would assume that the only reason why your plan would change is if thespot market change related to that uncovered stuff. So I’ll chat with you guys,I’ll call you offline on this one. There’s something I’m missing here. Thankyou. 
Robert A. Schiffner: David, let me just comment; I think the one piece you aremissing is in fact the run-up on diesel. Also in fact the run-up on dairyprices as well, so again it’s hard just to look at spot prices and say hey,this is the impact because as Doug just mentioned, it’s really the areas wherewe are covered and uncovered and frankly the longer term prices as opposed tocurrent spot prices. So I’m looking forward to your phone call. 
David Driscoll -Citigroup : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro from JanneyMontgomery Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro -Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning, everybody. A couple of things, and most of myquestions were asked, in the microwaveable soup thing, just a clarification --you said it’s more timing related. Is that just promotional timing? Is thatwhat you said?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, promotional and advertising and how we’re managing theportfolio of opportunities we have quarter to quarter. So obviously we think itwill be stronger in the last three quarters than it was in the first, withouttipping our hand on any one specific thing. 
Mitch Pinheiro -Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, was the percentage -- I guess I should ask; what isthe percentage that you give of microwave and your convenience platform outsideyour grocery and mass channel? Is that a -- did that have weakness as well oras it really a grocery and mass issue?
Douglas R. Conant: We don’t break out the channels but what I would say is thatthe convenience channel has got a lot of upside for us. We are not thatwell-developed there, so -- yet. 
Mitch Pinheiro - JanneyMontgomery Scott: Okay, last question is were there any growing pains in thequarter related to V8? You were sort of tapped out on capacity. Was there anymeaningful costs there associated with that?
Robert A. Schiffner: No. 
Mitch Pinheiro - JanneyMontgomery Scott: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Edgar Roesch from Banc ofAmerica.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Good morning. So just on the baking and snacking, I justwant to understand a little bit more because your press release mentioned thatPepperidge Farm saw costs that offset the sales increases in describing I guesswhat sounds like flat profitability. So first of all, a lot of that is freshbakery. I would have thought the pricing would be relatively easy to come by inoffsetting costs there.  And then, your outlook is for the margins in that segment toimprove as we go throughout the year, is that right?
Robert A. Schiffner: No, we didn’t say that, Ed. We just said that in fact ourmargins were basically flat for the quarter, our gross margins. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Okay, in the Pepperidge Farm business -- or in the bakingand snacking in total. 
Robert A. Schiffner: In the baking and snacking segment, that’s correct. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Okay. And didn’t you mention in the release though thatPepperidge Farm, it sounded like you were getting pinched on your marginsbecause of cost increases. Is that right?
Robert A. Schiffner: Pepperidge Farm had solid top line growth for the quarter,relatively flattish when you look at operating profit and that’s due to morethan anything higher marketing and some cost inflation, but not nearly as muchas we expect going forward. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Okay, that’s very helpful color. Thank you. And then onelast question for you; the gold label select, I’m seeing it more in some ofyour marketing messages. You are highlighting it with your ready-to-serveportfolio. Can you just give us an update on how that initiative is going?Thanks. 
Douglas R. Conant: The aseptic soup initiative is going well globally and itcontinues to be solid in France, Australia, Canada, particularly doing well inCanada. And we see a very slow build here in the U.S., as we expected. It’ amajor change in terms of packaging format for consumers. Repeat continues to bevery good.  The challenge for us is to find the best way to market thatproposition within the context of our full portfolio. We’re very comfortablewe’ll find our way there. It continues to be highly differentiated with greatrepeat and we just have to find the right way to take it to a higher level, butit’s fully satisfactory for now. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Thanks, and do you have the same number SKUs this year, prettymuch flavors and varieties that you had last year?
Douglas R. Conant: We added one or two. We added Southwest Corn Chowder and oneother, so it’s a slightly bigger line. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: I’ll be sure to try those. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from LehmanBrothers.
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers: Good morning. I know Doug, on the fourth quarter call, youhad highlighted retailer inventories looked very good, very comfortable andlean heading into the fall. So I’m trying to get a sense of, with I guess thefiscal first quarter being to some extent a lot more about sell-in to theretailer and getting them all set for the fall season, was there any shift inwhat you might call market share or mine share at the retail level in thequarter, or on the shelf that we haven’t seen play out yet in any marketplacedata?
Douglas R. Conant: Andrew, I’m sorry. I’m not sure exactly what you mean. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers: If the first quarter, and maybe this is not the way you lookat it, but if the first quarter is more about selling into the retailer andmaking sure you’ve got the proper levels of inventory and product there and onthe shelf for when the weather gets cold, and your inventories coming into thisfirst quarter were in very good shape and very lean, was it more just the itemsyou discussed, weather and year-ago comps, rather than any shifting of let’ssay any space allocation on the retailer shelf or retailers, were they justless willing to take on typical levels of seasonal inventory because of thewarmer weather, or what have you?
Douglas R. Conant: I believe that’s probably the single biggest difference. Wehave a pretty effective and efficient inventory management process with ourcustomers and we didn’t see the kind of order patterns that we would haveexpected to see in a normal fall, so we also expect those to obviously come inthe second quarter instead of the first. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers: I know that a couple of quarters ago, you had talked aboutcondensed growth and some of the possibilities going forward, and some of thismight frankly have been more aspirational in nature on your part, but I thinkyou talked about being able perhaps to continue similar levels of growth on condensedthat you’ve seen over the past couple of years, 3%, 4% levels. And today youtalked about still being able to grow it, which is obviously admirable forcondensed, which was not the case years ago. But I’m just getting a sense --has anything changed that perhaps has maybe dampened your outlook a bit oncondensed possibilities, or is it just those were more aspirational in naturewhen you made those comments?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I think we have to find the right balance betweenreality and aspiration. And starting slow in the first quarter makes it hard toimagine delivering at the high end of our 4% level that we had delivered thelast three years. But we do still expect to grow it in this year and expect itto be very competitive.  We have great programming, we have continued progress withour IQ shelving system and we see another solid year but we’ve clearly got offto a slow start. That’s all that’s reflected in that comment. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers: Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: How many more questions in queue?
Operator: We have two more questions, sir. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay, we’ll take those and then we’re going to stop. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from MorganStanley.
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just looking at theweather issue from another angle, in the past you guys have stated that thenumber one reason that people don’t buy soup in warmer weather is that they arenot thinking about it, and that goes towards your marketing or communicationmessage to consumers. And in the fourth quarter you talked about reviewing someof your counter-seasonal advertising. So I just was wondering if you couldupdate us on what you think happened in the quarter from a marketingperspective. Is there something you want to do differently or something youshould be doing better? Where are we in terms of that?
Douglas R. Conant: You’re talking the fourth quarter or the first quarter orjust -- 
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley: I’m sorry, just -- I really meant more the first quarter butmaybe just take us through the fourth quarter and the first quarter and whatyou are willing to tell us on a go-forward basis. 
Douglas R. Conant: Well, the key here is that we still -- the number one reasonpeople don’t consume soup is they don’t think about it and there’s clearindication to us when it’s warmer out, they think about it less than when it’scolder out. And then we try and layer in our marketing activity to optimallykind of work with weather and find the right balance that lifts the category.  What we found is that advertising in consumer alone areinsufficient to drive change the awareness levels with consumers. And we dohave to work -- we have to acknowledge that at times in a quarter or in a monthor two, weather patterns can affect volume, although we don’t see any impactover a full soup season.  We also have to recognize that we learned in thiscounter-seasonal advertising is we can increase our marketing spend but we haveto make sure we are executing well at retail so that when the consumer comesin, we are winning the war at retail as well as the war in terms of share ofvoice.  So we have some fine-tuning to do to get fully integratedmarketing plans that win the share of voice battle in terms of advertising, andalso when at the point of purchase. And we didn’t execute that particularlywell in the fourth quarter. 
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Would you say the same about the first quarter then?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, the first quarter, fundamentally I believe it was moreweather related than anything else and we expect our marketing programming tolift us up in the second quarter substantially. 
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you very much. 
Leonard F. Griehs: All right, last question. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Pablo Zuanic from J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Good morning, everyone. Just briefly, my main concern is onthe top line front. I mean, we could make the argument that pricing down 2% insoups is pretty bad, right, and that the last time we saw that was in October2004. That [inaudible] with gross margins is not just cost, it’s a promotionaleffort. I’m wondering, despite all the innovation that has been successfuluntil now, you are still having to be promotional. That’s a comment more than aquestion.  I guess my question is -- 
Douglas R. Conant: Pablo, I would just mention that the reason we said that isbecause last year our soup was up 10% in the first quarter, so I think that’simportant to understand. We did have significant growth last year in that firstquarter. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Okay, that’s fair but I don’t think, despite a comp, whywould you need to promote, but anyway the argument really is here when I lookat segmentation in the market and I see Chunky Fully Loaded and stilladvertising with the NFL, I think that’s nice and obviously a it’s a segmentthat you’ve captured well. But what about other segments? And I see GeneralMills targeting obviously the female market with a light soup platform. Iwonder how easy or difficult it will be for you to copy that, or to promotewhat you may already have in the portfolio.  And then I look at the ethnic section of the supermarkets,all these cap soups and chicken noodles that are different probably from theone that you sell and I don’t see Campbell targeting that segment.  Here you are trying to sell soup in China and Russia, but Iwonder what are you really doing to target your segments here in the U.S.,which are not small? I’m just wondering -- again, aseptic, off to a slow start,you’ve said that; reduced sodium has its own cloud, let’s see how that goes,but what’s next? I mean, Chunky Fully Loaded to me is more of the same for theNFL crowd, but what else? There are other segments out there that Campbellcould be targeting. Can you comment on that?
Douglas R. Conant: I will comment fully on that at CAGNY, Pablo. We’ve alreadyreleased our programming for this fiscal year. We feel as if we are doing quitea lot with quite a lot of segments between kids with condensed, adult maleswith eating, premium quality soup with both our stock pot initiatives as wellas our aseptic initiatives, and certainly competing with the other brandedentries in lighter ready-to-serve soups.  General Mills is doing a great job and I think they are tobe commended for that. We can do better and we will do better, and we will havemore to say in terms of our plans going forward and targeting as we go into thenext soup season, but we are very satisfied with the portfolio of opportunitieswe have here in front of us.  And I must say, just as a small nugget of, in terms ofRussia and China, the markets we compete in in the world today account for awhopping 6% of all soup consumption in the world. Russia and China aloneaccount for 50% -- eight times that of all the markets that we compete in todayand that is a big opportunity that this company needs to address and we will.And that’s where the big opportunity is -- not to say there aren’t wonderfulniche opportunities in our own back yard and good for you to call us on it andwe should do better against them. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: And just to follow up, if I may, and thanks for that answer;in terms of the rollout of the [inaudible] at Wal-Mart, I hear that you aredoing that now but I had expected to see a better number on the condensed soupside, maybe it’s comp, but how is that going and how quickly should we expectto see [inaudible] throughout the Wal-Mart network?
Douglas R. Conant: We don’t comment on any specific customers. We are -- whatwe have seen with the rollout with all customers is it is difficult to get thatimplementation in in the fall during the soup season. They tend to not resetshelves then, so some customers will cut in and make the change more abruptlybut I don’t think you should expect to see any, with any customer, anysignificant change overnight as we go through the soup season. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Thank you. 
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay, that will conclude our call then. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’sconference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect andhave a wonderful day. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-09-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Campbell Soup Company 2007 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions on how to participate will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Leonard Griehs.
Leonard F. Griehs: Good morning and welcome to Campbell Soup Company's fourth quarter fiscal 2007 conference call. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows. Anthony DiSilvestro, Vice President and Controller will open with financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, that will be about 20 minutes; then Bob Schiffner, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our outlook for fiscal 2008 and put some perspective on fiscal 2007, and joining us for the question-and-answer session to follow will be Doug Conant, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Our financial results, press-release and supplemental schedule were issued earlier this morning and they are also posted on our website. Our call will last approximately one hour and it will be available for replay, approximately two hours after we are completed, through mid night September 14th. Replay number is 1-888-266-2081 or for international 1-703-925-2533 and the access code for the replay is 602828. You may also listen to a replay by logging on to our website www.campbellsoupcompany.com and clicking on the webcast banner. As a matter of policy, our conference calls are open to all interested investors and members of the media. Our discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's expected future business and financial performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These uncertainties may cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. These include statements concerning the impact of marketing investments and strategies, share repurchases, pricing, new product introductions and innovation, cost savings initiatives, quality improvements and portfolio strategies including divestitures on sales, earnings and margins and other factors described in our most recent 10-K as updated from time-to-time by the Company in its subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results could vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement made by the Company. This discussion also includes certain non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable measures and that is available on our investor website as well. Now let's begin our discussion of results with Anthony DiSilvestro.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Good morning. I will be primarily discussing results for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year from continuing operation only. The consolidated results, including discontinued operations, are detailed in the press release and in the supplemental schedules. I'll begin with our results for the fourth quarter. Net sales for the quarter increased 10% to $1.594 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follow: volume and mix added 6%, price and sales allowances added 1%, currency added 3%, gross margin percentage for the quarter decreased to 40.1% from 41.9% a year ago, while pricings and savings from our ongoing productive program offset cost inflation; gross margin in the quarter was negatively impacted by one time cost associated with streamlining the Company's supply chain organization in Australia and Indonesia and from higher costs of meeting the increased volume requirements in our US Beverage business. Marketing and selling expenses increased 15% to $309 million primarily due to increased advertising and consumer promotion activity in our US Soup, Beverage and Pepperidge Farm businesses. Administrative expense increased 7% to $179 million primarily due to expenses to establish businesses in Russia and China, higher incentive compensation costs, currency, and higher cost associated with the continued implementation of SAP in North America. Research and development expenses increased 17% to $35 million, primarily related to higher levels of new product activity. Other income of $13 million compared to $4 million expense in the prior year. In the fourth quarter, we recognized a $10 million gain from a settlement in lieu of condemnation on our StockPot refrigerated soup facility in Washington State. The impact of which was mostly offset by cost incurred during the year related to the relocation and startup of the new facility recorded in cost of product sold. In addition, we recorded a $3 million gain from the sale of our business in Papua, New Guinea. Earnings before interest impacted for $129 million compared to $139 million in last year's fourth quarter, a decrease of 7%. This decrease is primarily due to higher marketing expenses and the one time expenses negatively impacting gross margins, partially offset by higher sales volume and a gain recognized in the quarter associated with the relocation of the StockPot facility. Net interest expense was $37 million, down $4 million primarily due to lower net debt levels. The tax rate in the fourth quarter was 42.4% compared to 14.3% in the prior year's quarter. Two items were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2006 which impacted the comparability of results. The first is the favorable impact of $14 million from the anticipated use of higher levels of foreign tax credit which could be utilized as a result of the sale of our UK and Ireland businesses. The second is incremental tax expense of $4 million associated with the repatriation of earnings under the AJCA. Excluding these two items, the tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2006 would have been 24.5%. The remaining increase in the tax rate is due to higher deferred taxes recognized in 2007 on our international businesses. In comparison, 2006 benefited from both a rate reduction in Canada and various tax planning strategies. Earning from continuing operations for the quarter were $53 million or $0.14 per share compared to $84 million or $0.20 per share in the year ago quarter. Items impacting comparability for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 include $4 million in tax expense or $0.01 per share related to the repatriation of earnings under the AJCA. A $14 million tax benefit or $0.03 per share from the recognition of higher foreign tax credit which could be utilized following the divestiture of our UK and Ireland businesses. For comparability the prior year EPS requires an adjustment to reflect the pro forma impact of using $620 million of divestiture proceeds from the sale of our UK and Ireland businesses to re-purchase 17 million shares. The impact from last year's fourth quarter is an increase of $0.01 per share. After factoring these items into the reported result, earnings from continuing operations are $53 million compared to an adjusted prior year of $74 million, a decrease of 28%, and EPS from continuing operations of $0.14 compares to an adjusted 2006 fourth quarter EPS of $0.19, a decrease of 26%. We reported earnings from discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of $8 million or $0.02 per share, primarily due to the favorable settlement of prior year tax audits in the UK. Now let's turn to full year results from continuing operations, net sales increased 7% to $7.867 billion. The change in sales breaks down as follows, volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances added 2%, currency added 2%, gross margin for the year increased to 41.9% from 41.8%. The prior year percentage includes a $13 million benefit or 0.2 percentage points from a change in the method of accounting for inventory from LIFO to average cost. The increase in gross margins is primarily due to productivity gain and higher selling prices which has partially offset by cost inflations and one-time expenses associated with the relocation and startup of our StockPot facility. Marketing and selling expenses were $1.322 billion, an increase of 8% primarily due to higher levels of advertising in our US Soup, Pepperidge Farm and Beverage businesses, currency and higher selling expenses in Godiva. Administrative expense increased to $604 million from $583 million in the year ago period. The current year includes a non-cash benefit of $20 million from the reversal of legal reserves due to favorable results in litigation. The remaining increase was primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs, expenses related to the implementation of SAP in North America, expenses related to our emerging market investments in Russia and China, and the impact of currency. Research and Development expenses increased 8% to $112 million from $104 million. Other income of $35 million compared to other expense of $5 million in the prior year. Fiscal 2007 includes a $23 million gain on the sale of an idle Pepperidge Farm facility which we have highlighted as an item impacting comparability. And the $10 million gain from the settlement in lieu of condemnation of our refrigerated soup facility. The impact of which has been mostly offset by one time expenses recorded in cost of good sold to relocate and startup the new facility. Earnings before interest and taxes were $1.293 billion compared to $1.151 billion for the prior year. Items impacting comparability are the following. In fiscal 2007, a $23 million gain from the sale of a Pepperidge Farm facility and a $20 million benefit from the reversal of legal reserve. The prior year includes a $30 million gain related to the change in method of accounting for inventory from LIFO to average cost. After adjusting for these items EBIT increased from $1.138 billion to $1.250 billion, an increase of 10%. Net interest expense was $144 million versus $150 million in the prior year. The current year includes a $4 million reduction of net interest expense in connection with a favorable settlement of bilateral Advanced Pricing Agreements or APA, among the Company, the United States, and Canada, related to royalties. The prior year includes a non-cash reduction in interest expense of $21 million from the favorable settlement of a US tax contingency related to transactions in government securities in a prior period. Excluding the impact of these tax settlements, net interest expense declined $23 million primarily due to lower net debt levels and lower interest expenses associated with income tax matters. The tax rate was 28.4% compared to 24.6% in the prior year. The current year includes the tax benefit of $22 million from the APA settlement. Adjusting for the APA settlement as well as the tax rate impact from the related interest adjustment, the Pepperidge Farm facility sale and the reversal of legal reserves, the tax rate in the current year would have been 30%. Last year's tax rate was impacted by three items. A $14 million benefit related to the recognition of higher foreign tax credit, a $39 million benefit on the favorable resolution of a US tax contingency related to transactions in government securities and a $30 million incremental expense related to the repatriation of non-US earnings under the AJCA. Adjusting for these items and the impact of the change in accounting for inventory, the fiscal 2006 tax rate was 29.1%. Earnings from continuing operations for the year were $823 million or $2.08 per share. Earnings from continuing operation for 2006 were $755 million or $1.82 per share. Items impacting comparability recorded in fiscal 2007 are a $13 million or $0.03 per share gain from the reversal of legal reserves, the aggregate favorable impact of $25 million or $0.06 per share from the APA settlement and a $14 million or $0.04 per share gain from the sale of the Pepperidge Farm facility. Items impacting comparability recorded in the fiscal 2006 are an $8 million gains or $0.02 per share from the LIFO accounting conversion, a $60 million gain or $0.14 per share from the IRS settlement related to transactions in government securities, a $30 million expense or $0.03 per share from the AJCA dividends, and a $14 million tax benefit or $0.03 per share from higher foreign tax credit which could be utilized following the divestiture of our UK and Ireland businesses. One further adjustment for the prior year earnings per share from continuing operations is required for comparability. As previously mentioned, the pro forma impact of the repurchase of 17 million shares associated with the proceeds from the sale of the UK and Ireland businesses increases earnings per share by $0.07. After adjusting for these items, adjusted earnings from continuing operations for the year would have been $771 million compared to $686 million for the prior year period, an increase of 12%. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations would have been $1.95 as compared to a pro forma $1.73 in the prior year, an increase of 13%. Now let's turn to reporting segment for both the fourth quarter and full year. US Soup, Sauces and Beverages. Sales for the fourth quarter rose 8% to $599 million from $556 million in the year ago quarter. Here is the breakdown of the change in sales. Volume and mix added 8%, price and sales allowances added 1%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, operating earnings decreased 26% to $84 million from $114 million in the year ago quarter primarily due to increase to marketing spending and higher supply chain costs, partially offset by higher sales. Let's touch on a few highlights for the quarter. US retail soup sales for the quarter were flat, condensed soup sales increased 1%, ready-to-serve soup sales declined 4%, and broth sales increased 8%. Sales of condensed soups increased with eating varieties delivering gains driven by lower sodium variety. Sales of condensed cooking soups declined in the quarter. Ready-to-serve soup sales declined due to lower sales of Campbell's Chunky soups. The convenience platform, which includes soups in microwaveable bowls and cups, achieved solid gains driven by growth of Campbell's Classic varieties in microwaveable bowls. Swanson broth sales increased driven by the continued consumer demand for aseptically packaged broth. Beverage sales posted significant volume-driven double-digit sales growth driven by consumer demand for healthy beverages and higher levels of more effective advertising. V8 Vegetable Juice, V8 Diffusion and V8 Splash, each experienced growth. Prego pasta sauces had double-digit volume-driven sales growth driven by the introduction of its new advertising campaign. Now let's turn to the full year results for this segment. Sales of $3.486 billion rose 7% from $3.257 billion a year ago. The change in sales breakdown as follows. Volume and mix added 5%; Price and sales allowances added 2%, operating earnings were $862 million versus $815 million reported a year ago. Prior year earnings include a one-time gain of $8 million related to the change in method of accounting for inventory. The operating earnings increase was primarily due to higher sales and productivity improvement, which was partially offset by cost inflation and increased advertising expense. For the year, total US soup sales increased 5% with the condensed soup sales up 3%, ready-to-serve soup sales up 5% and broth sales up 12%. Condensed soup sales increased as both eating and cooking varieties grew. In addition, condensed soups continue to benefit from the gravity-feed shelving systems now installed in more than 17,400 stores. Ready-to-serve sales rose as gains in both Campbell Chunky and Campbell Select soups were driven by higher levels of advertising. Additionally, sales of convenience products grew double-digits. Ready-to-serve soup sales benefited from gravity-feed shelving systems for ready-to-serve canned and microwavable soups which are now installed in over 2,600 and 3,400 stores, respectively. Sales of the lower sodium products continue to contribute the growth of both condensed and ready-to-serve soups. Swanson broth sales posted significant gains driven by increased advertising and continued strong consumer demand for aseptically packaged broth. Beverage sales grew double-digits, driven by consumer demand for healthy beverages and higher levels of more effective advertising with all Beverage brands posting sales growth versus year ago. In Sauces, Prego pasta sauce delivered strong sales growth and Pace Mexican sauce sales also increased. Baking and Snacking; sales for the fourth quarter increased 8% to $471 million from $438 million in the year ago quarter. The change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows, volume and mix added 2%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 6%, a divesture subtracted 1%. During the fourth quarter, the Company sold the Papua New Guinea biscuit business. Pepperidge Farm sales increased, driven by growth in bakery product and the frozen business partially offset by decline in cookies and cracker. Bakery achieved strong sales growth driven primarily by continued consumer demand from whole grain bread and continued growth of sandwich rolls. In cookies and cracker sales growth of Goldfish snack croakers was more than offset by declines in cookies. Operating earnings declined 21% to $49 million from $62 million, primarily due to lower earnings at Pepperidge Farm resulting from higher marketing and manufacturing expenses partially offset by higher sales and due to lower operating earnings from our businesses in the Asia Pacific region. Operating earnings in that region declined due to one-time cost associated with streamlining the Company's supply chain organization in Australia and Indonesia as well as some declines in Australian snack foods business, partially offset by currency. Sales for the year increased 6% to $1.850 billion from $1.747 billion a year ago. The change in sales for the year breaks down as follows, volume and mix added 2%, price and sales allowances added 2%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, currency added 3%. Operating earnings was $240 million versus $187 million a year ago. Fiscal 2007 earnings include a $23 million gain for the sale of a Pepperidge Farm facility. The prior year earnings include a one-time gain of $5 million related to the change in method of accounting for inventories. The reaming increase is primarily due to higher earnings at Pepperidge Farm and the favorable impact of currency. Within Arnott's, excluding currency, increases in biscuits were offset by declines in the snack foods business. Let's look at a few highlights for the year, Pepperidge Farm achieved strong sales gain driven by growth in all businesses, bakery, cookies and crackers, and frozen. Bakery posted solid gain driven primarily by wholegrain bread and sandwich rolls. In cookies and crackers sales gains were driven by double-digit growth of Goldfish, partially offset by declines on cookies. Arnott's sales increased primarily due to currency. Within Arnott's solid gains in biscuits driven by the strong performance of Tim Tam chocolate biscuits offset by declines in snack foods. International Soup and Sauces sales for the quarter rose 19% to $309 million from $260 million, the change in sales for the quarter breaks down as follows; volume and mix added 9%, price and sales allowances added 2%, reduced promotional spending added 1%, currency added 7%. International Soup and Sauces sales increased due to currency, growth in Canada driven by Soup and Beverages and in Europe driven by gains in Erasco in Germany and Liebig Soups in France. Operating earnings increased to $19 million from $5 million a year ago. The increase was due to growth in Europe and Canada, partially offset by expenses to establish our businesses in Russia and China. Sales for the year increased 11% to $1.399 billion from $1.255 billion a year ago. The change in sales for the year breaks down as follows; volume and mix added 5%, price and sales allowances added 1%, currency added 5%, operating earnings increased 17% to $169 million from $144 million a year ago, operating earnings were driven by gains in Europe and Canada and the favorable impact of currency partially offset by expenses to establish businesses in Russia and China. In Europe sales increased due to currency and strong wet soup growth in France, Germany and Belgium. In Canada sales increased primarily due to the strong growth in Soup. Other: Sales for the quarter increased 8% to $215 million from $200 million in the year ago period. The change in sales breaks down as follows; volume and mix added 3%, price and sales allowances added 3%, reduced promotional spending added 1%, currency added 1%, Godiva sales grew double-digits driven by significant growth in Asia and growth in North America due to strong retail same-store sales growth. Away From Home sales increased driven by growth of frozen soups and beverages. Operating earnings increased by $17 million to $5 million from an operating loss in the prior period due to higher earnings in Away From Home reflecting the $10 million gain recognized from the settlement in lieu of condemnation of the refrigerated soup facility and improved operating performance. For the year sales grew 4% to $1.132 billion from $1.84 billion, the change in sales for the year breaks downs as follows; volume and mix added 2%, price and sales allowances added 3%, increased promotional spending subtracted 1%, operating earnings increased 13% to $124 million from $110 million in the prior year, operating earning was driven by improved operating performance in Away From Home and the gain on settlement in lieu of condemnation of a StockPot facility partially offset by cost associated with its relocations and startup. Let's look at a few highlights of the year. The Away From Home businesses in the US and Canada delivered solid sales growth driven by gains in frozen soups and beverages. Godiva worldwide sales increased primarily due to growth in both Asia and North America. That completes my discussion of operating segment. Unallocated corporate expenses for the quarter decreased from $30 million to $28 million. The decrease was primarily due to the gain on the sale of our Papua New Guinea business partially offset by higher expenses on the SAP implementation in North America. For the full year, unallocated corporate expenses declined from $105 million in 2006 to $102 million in 2007, the decrease was slight the best from the reversal of $20 million of legal reserves due to favorable results and litigation, mostly offset by higher incentive compensation cost and expenses associated with the ongoing implementation of SAP in North America. Now let's turn to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations for the year was $674 million compared to $1.226 billion a year ago. The reduction is primarily the result of an increase in working capital as compared to a decline in 2006, and the payments of $186 million primarily to settle foreign currency hedging transactions. Capital expenditures were $334 million as compared to $309 million in the fiscal 2006. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2008 to be approximately $400 million. During the 2007 fiscal year, we repurchased shares at a total cost of $1.140 billion. These repurchases included three programs, first, we repurchased shares at a cost of $620 million using a portion of the proceeds from the divesture of our UK and Irish businesses. Second, we purchased $200 million under the strategic share repurchase plan announced in November 2005. And the remaining shares were purchased to offset the dilution from our equity-based compensation program. Total debt was $2.669 billion compared to $3.213 billion in the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents were $71 million as compared to $657 million in 2006. Net debt which deducts cash and cash equivalents from total debt was $2.598 billion versus $2.556 billion, an increase of $42 million. This concludes my discussion of the year. Bob Schiffner will now offer some closing comments.
Robert A. Schiffner: Thanks, Anthony, and good morning, everyone. My comments today will cover my perspective on our fourth quarter results, an assessment of our fiscal 2007 performance and our current expectations regarding performance in our new fiscal year. Starting with the fourth quarter, based on the annual guidance that we gave at the end of the third quarter, our bottom-line results were consistent with this forecast. Despite flat sales for US Soups, our sales performance was very solid plus 10% versus prior year with strong volume growth. This performance provides very solid top-line momentum leading into the new fiscal year. There are two other items in the quarter worth commenting on. The first is our gross margin which was down for the first time in 10 quarters when measured versus prior year performance. This quarter we incurred a number of one-time expense items all of which were planned in advance. Most of these initiatives related to our international businesses and were aimed at improving our future performance. Making these investments now should help us to continue to drive gross margin improvement in fiscal 2008. The second item worth mentioning is the performance of our US Soup business. Despite the heavy increase in counter-seasonal advertising and consumer promotion, sales of Soup were flat in the quarter. We are still evaluating all the factors that contributed to the Soup performance. As always, we will take the learning from our analysis and apply it to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our future marketing plans. Turning to our full-year performance, I am very pleased with our results. Adjusting for items impacting comparability, net sales, EBIT, and EPS increased 7%, 10%, and 13%, respectively. This performance was generated while making significant incremental investments in marketing support as well as in our North America SAP project and our emerging market initiative. In addition, I am very pleased with our overall operational balance as all of our reportable business segments generated excellent top and bottom-line performance. Diving even deeper, we are very pleased with our 5% net sales growth in US Soup with condensed soup growing sales for the third consecutive year, and our double-digit top and bottom-line growth in our US Beverage business led by V8 Red and V8 V-Fusion. Also noteworthy are our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth by our Pepperidge Farm and our second year of double-digit earnings growth for Arnott's biscuits, excluding the impact of currency. Clearly we are very proud of our financial performance over the last three years. However, we can't spend a lot of time looking through the rearview mirror. With solid momentum in most of our businesses, fiscal 2008 will still offer a number of challenges, namely higher cost inflation than our earlier expectations especially in our baking and snacking businesses; second, continued investment in emerging markets to build our Soup business there; and lastly, a significant increase in our effective tax rate to a range of 32% to 33% which we communicated to you earlier. Offsetting some of this impact will be the benefit of an extra week of fiscal 2008 compared with fiscal 2007. Today we feel reasonably confident that we can manage cost inflation which at roughly 5% is the highest level that we've experienced in many years. And absorb incremental investment associated with emerging markets. However, given the impact of the higher effective tax rate, we expect EPS growth from continuing operations for fiscal 2008 to be in the 5% to 7% range above our adjusted base of $1.95 and consistent with our long-term target. Given the higher tax rate, this range of EPS growth implies a robust growth in EBIT of between 7% and 9% which is consistent with our recent historical performance and we believe near the top of our competitor's check. With that I'll now turn it back to Len.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey, Matthew, would you start the Q&A session please. Question And Answer
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes to us from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. Couple of really quick ones, on the gross margin front, if you took pricing and productivity improvement were they enough to offset the cost inflation this quarter and when you sort of strip out the impacts of the one-time items?
Robert A. Schiffner: Almost but not quite.
Alexia Howard: Okay.
Robert A. Schiffner: Our gross would have been slightly down; obviously, not down by 1.8 percentage points, but it would have been slightly down.
Alexia Howard: And then with the V8 distribution rounding up this month, is that likely to continue to pressure margins going forward with the co-packing... the packaging incremental cost that you've totaled with this off quarter.
Robert A. Schiffner: The answer to that is we have a couple of very important capital projects that are now being executed which ultimately will eliminate those incremental costs. My expectation is that it will happen more toward the end of the year than the start of the year but again all of those expenses have been factored into our forecast for next year.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you very much.
Leonard F. Griehs: Good. Next question, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens: Good morning, everyone.
Robert A. Schiffner: Hi, Terry.
Terry Bivens: I think we all recognize Q4 is a small quarter. So I don't want to get too carried away about it but clearly the Soup performance was a little bit light relative to expectations, apparently, even your expectations, particularly with Chunky. So, I guess the question would be, do you think you now have a pretty good handle on what maybe could have gone better and is there ample time to apply that learning, as we get into the really crucial quarters; Q1 and Q2.
Douglas R. Conant: Terry, this is Doug.
Terry Bivens: Hi Doug.
Douglas R. Conant: This is my, I believe, seventh fourth quarter call and when we've done very well in the fourth quarter we said it's not a big quarter. We choose to look at it on a full year basis and we've done... and this year we're flat. I would say you just can't read anything into it. It's 10% of our sales volume in Soup. We're dealing with small numbers which impact creates optics around percentages that are misleading. What I would say is we feel very good about the profile for Chunky and ready-to-serve soups going forward. We grew the whole ready-to-serve business meaningfully over the last year and we grew Chunky and we grew Select, and we have stronger plans in place for this coming soup season than we had for the last soup season. So, we have every expectation that we'll do as well or better on ready-to-serve soups and Chunky, in particular, especially with our fully loaded initiative on Chunky this coming fiscal year than we did last year.
Terry Bivens: Well, you are preaching to the choir on that, I know it's a small quarter but I guess if you could perhaps give us just a little bit more color on how Chunky... what you think the problem may have been there, whether... I know Mills was pretty promotional but just a bit of color on that?
Douglas R. Conant: Well it's... I can't help you more than, because I can't get in... I am not going to get into the consumer information which we've covered before. Our sales profile was fully acceptable to us as the fourth quarter is all about honoring our commitments but also setting ourselves up to have a great this next fiscal year and we are very comfortable with what we did there on ready-to-serve soup.
Terry Bivens: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: Thanks. Next question, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from AG Edwards.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. So, I wonder if you can maybe give a little color... there was some incremental expenses around V8 production and that obviously, soup profits in that division were down about $30 million. Was that a half or a meaningful component of that number or was it more about the marketing in Q4?
Robert A. Schiffner: They in fact both had an impact... you are specifically talking about the US Soup, Sauces and Beverage segment. Clearly both had an impact, but I think the impact of marketing was stronger.
Chris Growe: Okay. And should we read from your comments that you are sort of rethinking the counter-seasonal advertising. Is that what we should infer from that or is that just up for analysis now?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: We are sorting through it right now. We spend on a record high level, a modern day record high level on counter-seasonal advertising, and it's only one component of how we promote, we also have a lot of activity at retail, both with our shelving systems as well as our promotional activity and our couponing activity. And we are going revisit that whole marketing platform for counter-seasonal advertising for next year. But the way, the way I choose to view it, is as a Company we... and for the year, we delivered strong top-line growth 7%, but we increased marketing a meaningful 8% on top of that. And so, we... overall we've got a growth engine going here where we're driving top-line organic growth with good quality marketing. And we will keep refining it and making it better year-in year-out and that's been the model for the last five years and it will be the model going forward.
Chris Growe: Sure. And then just do you have any comment, Doug, perhaps on the Soup inventories as we kind of enter the season here. How do they end the quarter or how they are looking forward to early '08 here?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, as I said we are very cognizant as we wrap up the fourth quarter about honoring our commitment and making sure that we've got a good... we are well positioned for the coming soup season, and I can tell you at this point in time, we feel very good about our inventory positions going forward. So, we are right where we want to be in terms of having the right inventory levels for us to get off to a very good start.
Chris Growe: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: Any next question Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Khaner from Khaner Capital Management.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey Lloyd.
Lloyd Khaner: Hi, Len; hi, everybody. Congratulations on great sales results for the quarter and for the year. Just regarding the Beverage business' double-digit growth in the quarter it's clearly getting the V8 message out effectively giving your customers what they want and this is happening before the distribution with Coca-Cola Enterprises starts, but I am wondering is your production capacity now that's about to get going considering the strength in your sales already? Do you have enough?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Well this... we believe so, this wasn't just a serendipitous act joining forces with CCE; it's been contemplated for a while. We have ourselves well positioned for the start shift in September. But it would be a nice problem to have if we could meet demand. But we are well positioned to meet the forecast of the sales growth coming forward and we're, as Bob mentioned earlier, we are putting in place infrastructure to meet even higher demand as we go through the year.
Lloyd Khaner: Great. And could you... is it possible you are going to add even more products that we don't know about at this point?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: That's always possible.
Lloyd Khaner: Okay. Thank you very much.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay, Matthew, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edgar Roesch from Banc of America.
Leonard F. Griehs: Ed Roesch, how are you today?
Edgar Roesch: Doing well. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: You've got your last name like me, Ed, it's always difficult to pronounce.
Edgar Roesch: Indeed. I guess one thing I was kind of curious about the marketing spending and Doug thanks for your comment about some tweaking going into next year. But in general are you thinking about marketing spending being flat as a percentage of sales in fiscal '08 versus '07?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, in general, as we've talked about before, at a very high level, we look for having 20% to 22% of sales as company invested in total marketing. Now over time we've been able to manage the trade portion down as a percentage modestly and increase the consumer. But that 20% to 22% of spending is reasonable in terms of total company and as we grow sales, we will continue to grow our marketing budget. So, I think you can expect to see us maintain a reasonable percent of sales. But that implies some pretty bullish increases in spending.
Edgar Roesch: Okay.
Robert A. Schiffner: Ed, this is Bob Schiffner, just to make sure that that 20% to 22% is based on a list sales basis not a net sales basis.
Edgar Roesch: Thanks Bob.
Robert A. Schiffner: So that you won't be shocked in the future.
Edgar Roesch: Great. Okay. Thank you. And then one other, I mean, just to put the comments about spending in the Beverage segment into perspective, I mean, there were costs absorbed getting ready for the beginning of shipment really offset by no revenue at this point. Is that true for the fourth quarter?
Robert A. Schiffner: No, in fact most of those costs that were incurred in the fourth quarter were in fact generated because of the growth in our grocery business as apposed to the single serve business.
Edgar Roesch: Okay.
Robert A. Schiffner: So, that's how I would summarize that impact.
Douglas R. Conant: Our V8 business is very healthy and very strong independent of the CCE activity.
Edgar Roesch: Okay. Well those were just a couple of quick ones, I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta: Good morning.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey Eric.
Eric Serotta: Doug and Bob, last quarter and at the Investor Day, you guys highlighted how investments in China and Russia would be a drag on results not just for the next few years but in the fourth quarter as well. Reading the press release and listening to the conference call, I noticed you didn't really discuss it in the gross margin section or the SG&A section. You had touched on it briefly in the International Soups and Sauces segment. I'm wondering how material was that spending this quarter. Was it greater or less than your expectations from three months ago? And in the future should we see that spending hit more of the SG&A line as you are advertising there and promoting there, or hit more than our COGS line from something's like the co-packing arrangements for China and shipping from Russia into... from Germany into Russia.
Robert A. Schiffner: Eric, the answer to that is, it frankly hits all the lines, both gross profits as well as marketing and sales and as well as G&A. I can tell you that it is not material at all in the fourth quarter. In all cases the impact is slightly over a $1 million in value in each of those areas. And in the future -- [Multiple Speakers].
Robert A. Schiffner: ... yes for the quarter. And obviously looking down the road we expect those numbers to increase next year just because of the impact of the introduction of the new products, and in fact you should assume that all three of those expense areas gross profit obviously not being an expense but that area will be impacted going forward.
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, just as a point, we did mention in the admin expense, increase of 7% for the quarter that... the number one factor in that was Russia and China expenses.
Eric Serotta: Okay.
Douglas R. Conant: We did talk about that.
Eric Serotta: Bob, was the $1 million in each of those three buckets or less than $1 million issue those three buckets, less than what you had been planning three months ago?
Robert A. Schiffner: No, no, no, not at all. It was on expectation.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: It's as expected and all of the costs are contemplated on our guidance going forward.
Eric Serotta: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Our next question, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitchell Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey Mitch.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Good morning. Couple of things; one, with regard to the $400 million in capital spending could you... can you talk about the major projects within that number and how much maybe specifically you are targeting for your China and Russia ventures?
Robert A. Schiffner: We are not going to comment on the specifics of the capital budget, I will say though that the big impact comes from a couple of places. One is the V8 capacity addition which both Doug and I previously spoke about. And the other one is we are also expecting the build an employee services center here in Camden, and in fact that is a part of the increase in capital spending as well.
Mitchell Pinheiro: So, the $60 million or $70 million, maybe if you are typically spending the 3... low $300 million area, the increment would be on those two projects, perhaps?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes, primarily, yes.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Okay. Thanks. Another thing is with regard to your cost inflation, you had said, you've built into your expectations 5% cost inflations?
Robert A. Schiffner: That's our current forecast for the year, yes... for the New Year.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Okay. Will you... should we expect either pricing... higher prices, will you need higher prices at all to overcome that or is effect maybe lower promoted prices or how do you deal with that?
Douglas R. Conant: The philosophy is still the same, Mitch. It's pricing and productivity is going to... is... we expect we will find a way to get pricing and productivity to offset inflation. We have some... we are bullish on our productivity efforts. So, hopefully that means we won't have to rely very heavily on pricing, but we have a long way to go here and we have to see how this market plays out in terms of the actual inflation we experience.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Okay. So, if we are looking... so, you are expecting some margin improvement, EBIT margin improvement in '08 and that would be driven by a combination of factors?
Robert A. Schiffner: Mitch, we haven't given any detailed information on our sales growth, so again we are not making any specific forecast on our operating profit margin. We are expecting and committed to driving gross margin improvement, but that's where we draw the line there.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Okay. And just last question is concerning Q1. Anything unusual that we should be aware of timing-wise expense... is there anything that we should factor into our estimates?
Douglas R. Conant: There is nothing that... there is nothing beyond what you have been made aware of already.
Mitchell Pinheiro: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Douglas R. Conant: Of course as soon as I say that Mitch, something will happen. You got me thinking, indeed, Mitch, so.
Leonard F. Griehs: Next question, Matthew?
Operator: Our next question comes to us from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey Rob.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. How is it going?
Leonard F. Griehs: Good.
Robert Moskow: I had a question about the timing of your soup season this year. Some years you kind of come out really strong, right after that, in other years you kind of wait until it gets cold. Is there any thinking going on in terms of timing this year as to when you invest heavily in promotion; and then secondly, what kind of visibility do you have as far as what retailers have already bought in or committed to for merchandising activity around Soup?
Douglas R. Conant: Rob, before we start, I just want to caution, we are not going to give away our marketing plans.
Robert Moskow: Okay, you're not doing that, okay.
Douglas R. Conant: No. Rob, and plus there is a competitive gain that goes on here, and we tend to have a plan and then we modify the plan as we deal with competitive activity. So, it wouldn't be very helpful to you to forecast something that in all likelihood would change. What I can share with you is we expect to be fully competitive. We do have visibility over 60% of our inventory, we have visibility into our customers through our continuous replenishment program, so we have a good feeling on inventories and we feel very good about those inventory levels going forward. And so, we are... we think we're well positioned to have to get off to a good start and beyond that I think you are just going to have to wait and see.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And can you give us a sense of low sodium as a percent of your mix right now? Where do you think it is roughly and where do you think it could go next year?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it's... we continue to be bullish about it. I can't really give you a lot better information on it beyond what I gave you at Cagney. Everything we see shows us that about 50% of our new sodium SKUs are... 50% of the volume is incremental and as we have... interestingly, as we've surveyed our consumers extensively, we're finding about 60% of the people that are buying the new products or claiming that it is bringing them back into the Campbell Soup franchise after they had left, because they were concerned about sodium. So we see it as a category-growing strategy and one that should continue to contribute this year as we expand our low sodium offerings. So, we're very bullish about it still.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then lastly, wheat prices have skyrocketed mostly because of poor crops. Is that a major reason why you are now pushing more towards 5% cost inflation? And then specifically on Pepperidge Farm, are there actions you need to take? I know you've talked a little about pricing, but specifically on Pepperidge, is wheat flour something that you need to react to?
Douglas R. Conant: It's a big issue.
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes. It's a major component of cost inflation for us. It's a major reason as to why our expectations of cost inflation are higher, and obviously it is an issue that Pepperidge Farm is in fact doing a lot of thinking about as we speak.
Douglas R. Conant: I would tell you in terms of bakery companies, there is not a company on the planet that has a better understanding of pricing and spending principles than Pepperidge Farm, and that has a better trademarks that allows us to withstand the vagaries of pricing. And so we have every confidence that we'll find our way through this but it will be challenging.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert A. Schiffner: You're welcome.
Leonard F. Griehs: Any next question, Matthew?
Operator: Our next question comes to us from Jonathan Feeney from Wachovia.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Hi. Good morning. Doug, I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the international initiative. I think... I know you're committed to international no matter what happens and you have certain plans that you've laid out in the context of your current guidance. I guess I just wonder if... does your rate of investment from here accelerate meaningfully, if you see better results in the US than expected? You know what I mean? Are... would you accelerate your push into China and Russia where results come in significantly better than planned over the next three/four quarters?
Douglas R. Conant: It's premature to forecast what we will do quite frankly. Products, this is the first week product is on the shelf in China, and it won't be on the shelf in Russia for another three weeks. And it's only in lead markets. So it's premature for me to start hypothesizing what may or may not happen. While I am very proud of this management team, we look at our... all of our strategic options very thoughtfully, and in a very disciplined way we move forward. If it looks like there is an opportunity to get greater traction faster we will look at pursuing that. What I will tell you is we have the resources necessary to be able to meet our commitments and lean into whatever growth initiatives is offering the best opportunity for return on investments.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. And just a couple of detail points for Bob, on the cost inflation 5%, I guess... is there anything substantially... any major cost category that's driving that to the exclusion of others?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes. Basically wheat flour, dairy, chocolate... to some extent... and the, or oil.
Jonathan Feeney: I was saying, and so is it safe then to assume that your packaging cost assumption is well below 5%?
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes, it is safe to assume that.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay, and just follow up on Alexia's one question earlier, specifically you tell us about these one-time items that you say that cost inflation just about kept up with pricing, does that mean you know the one time items in the quarter were about 180 basis points at the gross margin?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, yes. I mean I believe the most important think to consider relative to the one times is that even though in the quarter we had roughly $13 million of one-time credits, we had more than $13 million of one-time expenses. So, when you look at the quality of earnings for the quarter, I think it's important to keep that in mind that this was frankly a pretty high quality earnings quarter as opposed to one that was driven by a one-time positive P&L impact.
Jonathan Feeney: And I was specifically, Bob, referring to your commentary under the fourth quarter gross margin highlights where you said pricing and savings offset cost inflation.
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes.
Jonathan Feeney: So, that's about 180 bips to supply chain organization, Australia and Indonesia?
Robert A. Schiffner: It's not quite, it's not quite, because overall gross margins were down by 1.8 percentage points. So, it's a large portion of that but not a 100%.
Jonathan Feeney: It's fair to say more than half though?
Robert A. Schiffner: Oh, absolutely.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. Thanks so much.
Douglas R. Conant: Yes. Just building on the inflation point again, we feel very good about... well we in oils are putting a little pressure on us, we feel very good about our diversified product portfolio. It allows us to manage our way through these things because we don't have all our eggs in one basket, so the pressure we're feeling on baking is obviously not going to translate directly into soup. So, we can mange our way around it.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Thanks so much.
Leonard F. Griehs: Matthew, how many more questions in queue?
Operator: I'm showing we currently have six questions left in queue.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay we'll take those, and then we will cut it off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Leonard F. Griehs: Christina, hi.
Christina McGlone: Hi. Bob, I guess I just wanted to talk about cash flow for next year.
Robert A. Schiffner: Yes.
Christina McGlone: So, we have higher CapEx, you have this payment this year because of foreign currency hedges. Would we expect that to repeat, and then do you think working capital will be a use of cash, again.
Robert A. Schiffner: No, I think, working capital will be much more normalized, obviously, we're ending the quarter with what I believe is a reasonable amount of operating working capital as opposed to ending FY06 with an abnormally low level of working capital. So, I see our working capital performance next year, hopefully, improving. And you are right about the CapEx. So overall, clearly I see a much better year for operating cash flow as well as free cash flow relative to our performance this year.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And this foreign currency hedging issue was just a one-time payment.
Robert A. Schiffner: Absolutely.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then in Pepperidge Farm you had mentioned higher manufacturing expenses. Is that just the installation part of it or was there some sort inefficiency there or something out driving that.
Robert A. Schiffner: There was... most of it was inflation. There were some other non-recurring costs, more of an operational nature, that will clearly not be repeated as we head into the New Year.
Christina McGlone: Okay, but most of it was inflation.
Robert A. Schiffner: Correct.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then just the last question, the Arnott's snack food has been having difficulties for some time now. Are we starting to lap that difficult period, I mean is it... what's your outlook there?
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, it's a challenging situation and... but we think we are managing it as well as it can be managed. And so we think the best days are ahead on snack foods. We've integrated it into our Arnott's base business so that we are leveraging our Arnott's infrastructure to help manage it and it's much more efficient than it was, but it's still a challenging situation we got to work through. The good news is that the balance of our Australian business is quite strong. Arnott's had a great year; our soup business in Australia also had a very good year. So, we can manage around it but it continues to be a challenging situation for us.
Christina McGlone: Okay. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Matthew, next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Good morning. Just quickly can you... just want to make sure that 53rd week in fiscal 2008 will be in your fiscal fourth quarter, is that correct?
Douglas R. Conant: That's correct.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then, quickly on the International segment which you've mentioned last year is kind of a work-in-progress. Are we not regurgitating the results this year, what are kind of your expectations for '08 in that segment?
Douglas R. Conant: Continued solid growth. I mean, we think we've got it to a point where it's performing better than it had been and we think we are going to continue to see progress.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And what about SAP cost for 2008? You said it was going to be $10 million to $20 million for 2007, was it closer to $10 million or to $20 million in 2007, what do you think for '08?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well in 2007 SAP costs were close to the $30 million, and we expect them to come down but still be north of $20 million in FY08.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And was there a reason why it was higher than your expectation this year?
Robert A. Schiffner: No. It was... we are clearly on plan relative to that... our project and so clearly we are satisfied with that project and how it's been executed so far.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Next, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes to us from Pablo Zuanic of JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic: Good morning, everybody.
Leonard F. Griehs: Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic: Hi. Doug, a question for you. When I look at 5% sales growth in fiscal year '07, I wonder whether you are going to maintain that in '08. As you made the argument that you have the launch and review shortly on that shelf in '07, in '08 what's really new. And on top of that, I think, you made argument that General Mills has been quite aggressive with their light low calorie soups which is an area you haven't really tap into. Why should we expect soup sales to grow 5% in '08? Not that you are giving guidance, but just help us out with that.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I think we have a rich competitive profile, much of which I profiled at CAGNY. And as we've indicated with our guidance, although we haven't given specific sales guidance this year, we are bullish on our overall company sales growth objective this year, and obviously we are bullish on it from a company perspective. We are bullish on it from a soup perspective. We see continued opportunities to grow condensed soup. We see amazing buoyancy in broth and we like our prospects in ready-to-serve soup this year given the plans we have in place, and I'm not going to get into the details of the marketing plan, but I'll reaffirm that we like our prospect and we think we ought to be able to continue to grow the business at the rate we've been growing it for the last three years.
Pablo Zuanic: And just a quick follow-up on reduced sodium, based on the data we have, what's working, are they new products whereas a reformulated products have not resulted in growth, actually they are down. Is that what your research is telling you, that maybe those kids soups are being somewhat rejected by consumers?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I don't have visibility into your numbers. I am very comfortable that our total reduced sodium effort and our total wellness effort in Soup has got very good buoyancy and I have no concerns about it. And I think all of our wellness soup offerings this year are certainly bigger than they were last year and we will profile some of that in our Annual Report and I expect they'll be even a larger percentage of our sales next year.
Pablo Zuanic: Great. And one last one Bob from me. Bob, I mean you said that it was $1 million in each bucket, energy markets in the fourth quarter. If I double that for '08 on a full year basis that would be about $8 million, talking just about a $0.02 headwind from emerging markets in '08 is my math right?
Robert A. Schiffner: Pablo, I am glad you asked that question, because I in fact gave Eric some bad numbers, okay, on emerging market; I was looking that really FY06 and in fact not at FY07, let me kind of put this back into the correct context. Basically, in the fourth quarter, the whole emerging markets effort cost us a little bit in excess of $0.01 per share. So, again, what I said about the expenses being spread across all the lines of the P&L in comps as well as marketing and selling as well as in G&A, is true; except, obviously, it was a much bigger effort this year relative to last year and so as we look forward we can expect that to grow significantly not only in the fourth quarter but also in the full year FY07 versus FY08. I hope that's helpful.
Pablo Zuanic: Okay. But if I double it to $0.02... thanks for this headwind for '08 will be about $0.08?
Robert A. Schiffner: For the full year FY08 our EPS impact is going to be much larger than $0.02. It's going to be more probably in the $0.03 to $0.05 range.
Pablo Zuanic: Per quarter or per year.
Robert A. Schiffner: For the year.
Pablo Zuanic: For the year. Okay. And one last one. When you sold, regarding Godiva, when you sold you gave soup business, from the beginning you talked about that you would use the profit for share buybacks to further dilution. Here you have not said that. Does that mean that you are not expecting dilution? Help us out there a little bit with Godiva.
Douglas R. Conant: We haven't said it because we're still in the process of evaluating our strategic options relative to Godiva. So, again, it would be obviously very premature on my part to comment on these proceeds when we're still evaluating strategic option.
Pablo Zuanic: Right. Thank you.
Robert A. Schiffner: Okay.
Leonard F. Griehs: Thanks. Next question, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Kron from Goldman Sachs.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hey, Steve.
Steven Kron: Hey Len. Thanks. A couple of follow-ups on the gross margin line and then I have another question. First, I guess, Bob, going back to the cost inflation side. Can you just give us a sense on the visibility there? It seems like, certainly, we know wheat prices and some others have shot up more recently, but big jump versus the prior guidance. So, just how hedged... how lock in are you? Can you give us a sense for that?
Robert A. Schiffner: I wouldn't say there's anything abnormal, okay? I think our hedge cost is similar to what it's been in other years which is a large amount being hedged and when I think we've got a similar situation this year relative to previous years other than the rate of inflation being somewhat higher.
Steven Kron: Okay. And then, Doug, on the gross margins you said that you are pretty bullish on productivity savings. If you think about the new programs that you have planned for this year, do they exceed that of the new programs that we saw last year?
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we have a total delivered cost program, that we've been betting down now for, this is the third year, and we are identifying... every year we get a little better at identifying bigger savings opportunities. And so we feel good that we ought be able to meet or exceed our productivity efforts of this year, and hopefully we will find some upside there.
Steven Kron: Okay. And then the last question I had was on the ready-to-serve gravity feed shelves. Can you give us a sense sort of pacing, perhaps, for 2008, where at this time next year, where would that 2,600 and the 3,400 that you shared in the press release where can those numbers be and any sense for any retailer feedback as far as the incrementality of these shelves compared to condense when you roll that out.
Douglas R. Conant: Yes. First of all, I think the way to look at it is, we believe we have upside with our condensed shelving still and we are working against that but we have roughly 17,000 installed at this point. We think there is that kind of upside with both the microwave and ready-to-serve, and it's just a question of pacing from retailers in terms of when it gets implemented. It's a slower build because it involves more different brands than just ours, as you were calling condensed basically is all Campbell's and private labels, so you can make one decision with the buyer and it's all done. In ready-to-serve you got to deal with all the ancillary brands and the companies that are represented by them and guess and create a successful model going forward, it just takes longer. So, I would say, over the next two to three years we... you should expect to see us in as many stores with ready-to-serve maximizers as we have in our condensed portfolio. The other good news on this... so there is great upside, and why we are so excited about that is we actually... all of the testing in the market to-date suggests that there is greater upside in terms of incrementality to convenience maximizer and the can maximizer in ready-to-serve. There is greater incrementality than we experienced in condensed. So, there is great upside there, not just for our brand but for the whole category.
Steven Kron: That's great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Next question, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll: Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone.
Douglas R. Conant: Hey, David.
Leonard F. Griehs: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: Pricing across the entire business was up, I think, in the first half of the year about 3% what has decelerated as of late was the fourth quarter coming in at 1% despite the fact that cost appeared to be rising; Doug/Bob, can you comment here on the competitive factors that are preventing you from taking further price increases? And really what's... it seems very logical that we should see a lot more price increases going through but yet when I look at the trailing fourth quarters and the churn line that goes right against the very logic that I am thinking would be appropriate for '08. How do you match these two things up, pricing and cost?
Douglas R. Conant: We are not going to get... as I know you appreciate... we are not going to get into our pricing strategy, and we won't get into our pricing but our core philosophy remains in place, pricing and productivity will offset that inflation and we tend to this very surgically, we have good models in place. It's difficult for you to read it, it's also difficult for our competition to read it but it enables us to grow our sales at a very competitive rate and not hurt our business. So, we are comfortable with our overall profile; I am not saying it's easy but we have a plan and we will work to plan.
David Driscoll: But is it fair to say that in your... you made a comment just a minute ago that you did commit to gross profit margin improvement in FY08 and doesn't that basically say, and I'm almost just trying to get you to make sure that I am not missing anything, does that imply you have to get pricing in '08 given this kind of cost environment.
Douglas R. Conant: Across our entire company portfolio pricing will play a role, as it has every year but what you see is the way we manage it and you can see it in our numbers this year, we manage it in a way where we get good volume growth and pricing that helps cover the cost and we are very comfortable with that model. But as a Company, obviously some pricing will have to happen this year.
David Driscoll: Very good. Final question is just the commodity cost side. Bob, I want to try this one, one different way. The prior forecast you gave last quarter was 3.5% to 4%; it's now jumped up considerably up to 5%, was the delta primarily attributable to the rise in wheat prices?
Robert A. Schiffner: I wouldn't quite say that, it was a significant part of the delta but it also, as we said before, includes the price of chocolate, as well as oil, as well as dairy.
David Driscoll: Great. Thanks a lot.
Robert A. Schiffner: You are welcome.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Matthew, our last question.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up from Eric Serotta from Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta: I'll keep this quick. First thanks, Bob, for that clarification on the... market.
Robert A. Schiffner: Yeah, sorry, Eric for the bad information.
Eric Serotta: No problem and just real briefly, was there any impact in the quarter or do you expect any impact in the next quarter from shipments of new products into the pipeline on a year-over-year basis. You had a pretty robust new product pipeline for this year, you had a pretty robust one last year. Was that... was the delta material in the quarter and should we expect a material delta of sort of pipeline fill in the first quarter?
Robert A. Schiffner: Well, the only thing that attract maybe slightly different is obviously we are starting up our beverage contract with Coke, that may have some impact, but in terms of the rest of the business there is nothing materially different, we would expect, with this first quarter versus prior first quarters.
Eric Serotta: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll end here.
Leonard F. Griehs: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Matthew, that will conclude our conference call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
